URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1058299/000092701601001767/0000927016-01-001767.txt

ER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4300
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7818906612

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 WINTER STREET
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990611

S-4

0001.txt

FORM S-4

     As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2001
                                                       Registration No. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                ---------------
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                ---------------
                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

       Delaware                      7389                    04-3398462
   (State or Other             (Primary Standard          (I.R.S. Employer
   Jurisdiction of                Industrial           Identification Number)
   Incorporation or           Classification Code
    Organization)                   Number)

                         950 Winter Street, Suite 2410
                          Waltham, Massachusetts 02451
                                 (781) 434-6000
  (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of
                   Registrant's Principal Executive Offices)

                                 Rory J. Cowan
                            Chief Executive Officer
                         950 Winter Street, Suite 2410
                          Waltham, Massachusetts 02451
                                 (781) 434-6000
 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code,
                             of Agent for Service)

                                ---------------

                                   Copies to:
        KENNETH J. GORDON, ESQ.                 BRUCE A. ROBERTSON, ESQ.
    Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP             Garvey, Schubert & Barer
            125 High Street                  1191 Second Avenue, Suite 1800
      Boston, Massachusetts 02110              Seattle, Washington 98101

                                ---------------

   Approximate date of commencement of the proposed sale to the public: As soon
as practicable after the effective time of the merger described in this
registration statement.

   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

   If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]

   If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                                ---------------

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                             Proposed        Proposed
 Title of Each Class of       Amount         Maximum          Maximum       Amount of
    Securities to be          to be       Offering Price     Aggregate     Registration
     Registered(1)        Registered(2)     Per Share    Offering Price(3)     Fee
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, $0.01 par
 value per share.......  3,027,287 shares      N/A         $6,195,441.40    $1,548.86
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) The Registration Statement relates to securities of the Registrant issuable
    to holders of common stock of Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation
    ("Data Dimensions"), in the proposed merger (the "Merger") of a wholly
    owned subsidiary of the Registrant with and into Data Dimensions.
(2) Represents an estimate of the maximum number of shares of the common stock
    of the Registrant which may be issued pursuant to the Merger. Such number
    includes up to 438,717 shares of the common stock of the Registrant
    issuable pursuant to outstanding options and warrants for shares of Data
    Dimensions common stock to be assumed by Registrant in the Merger.
(3) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee
    required by Section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
    computed pursuant to Rule 457(c) and (f) under the Securities Act. Pursuant
    to Rule 457(f)(1) under the Securities Act, the proposed maximum offering
    price of Registrant's common stock was calculated as the average of the
    high and low per shares prices of Data Dimensions common stock on April 3,
    2001 multiplied by the total number of shares of Data Dimensions common
    stock (including those shares issuable pursuant to outstanding options and
    warrants) expected to be exchanged for shares of Registrant's common stock
    registered hereunder.

                                ---------------

   The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          PROXY STATEMENT FOR SPECIAL
                           MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF
                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                          To be held on June   , 2001

   Data Dimensions and Lionbridge have agreed to merge Data Dimensions with a
subsidiary of Lionbridge. Data Dimensions will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of Lionbridge, and Data Dimensions stockholders will receive 0.190884 of a
share of Lionbridge common stock for each share of Data Dimensions common stock
they own.

   Based on the 13,560,972 shares of Data Dimensions common stock outstanding
as of March 8, 2001, approximately 2,588,570 shares of Lionbridge common stock
will be issued to the holders of Data Dimensions common stock in the merger.
Lionbridge estimates that the shares of Lionbridge common stock to be issued to
Data Dimensions stockholders will represent approximately 8.5% of the
outstanding Lionbridge shares after the merger.

   Lionbridge is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "LIOX,"
and on       , 2001, Lionbridge common stock closed at $   per share. Data
Dimensions is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under "DDIM," and on       ,
2001, Data Dimensions common stock closed at $   per share.

                                 PROSPECTUS OF
                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                         Common Stock, par value $0.01

   The merger cannot be completed unless the Data Dimensions stockholders
approve it and the agreement and plan of reorganization. The Data Dimensions
board of directors has scheduled a special meeting for Data Dimensions
stockholders to vote on the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization
as follows:

                                  June  , 2001

                    9:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Savings Time

                           3535 Factoria Boulevard SE
                           Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor
                           Bellevue, Washington 98006

   This document gives you detailed information about the proposed merger.
Lionbridge has provided the information concerning Lionbridge, and Data
Dimensions has provided the information concerning Data Dimensions. Please see
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 106 for additional information
about Data Dimensions and Lionbridge on file with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission.

   In particular, you should carefully consider the section entitled "Risk
Factors" beginning on page 9 in this document for a discussion of risks
associated with the merger.

   This proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to stockholders of Data
Dimensions beginning about       , 2001.

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
regulator has approved or disapproved the Lionbridge common stock to be issued
under this proxy statement/prospectus or determined if this proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

          The date of this proxy statement/prospectus is       , 2001.

Dear Data Dimensions Stockholder:

   After careful consideration, the boards of directors of Data Dimensions,
Inc. and Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., have approved the merger of Data
Dimensions with Lionbridge.

   This combination will allow Data Dimensions to significantly further its
ambition to become the leader in the quality assurance and testing market,
focused on serving the global needs of its collective clients. It's a natural
combination of two fast-growing market leaders and fuels the creation of the
world leader in global technology testing and interoperability services.

   I am pleased to provide to you the enclosed proxy statement/prospectus
relating to a special meeting of the stockholders of Data Dimensions to be held
on June  , 2001, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Savings Time, at Data
Dimensions' executive offices at 3535 Factoria Boulevard SE, Sterling Plaza,
3rd Floor, Bellevue, Washington.

   At the special meeting, you will be asked to vote, in person or by proxy, on
the proposed merger of Data Dimensions with Lionbridge. The merger will be
effected pursuant to the agreement and plan of reorganization, dated as of
March 8, 2001, as amended, by and among Lionbridge, Diamond Acquisition Corp.,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge, and Data Dimensions. Pursuant to the
agreement and plan of reorganization, each outstanding share of common stock of
Data Dimensions will be converted into the right to receive 0.190884 of a share
of Lionbridge common stock. Lionbridge common stock is listed on the Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol "LIOX." If the merger is approved and
consummated, Data Dimensions will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Lionbridge. The merger is described more fully in the proxy
statement/prospectus.

   Data Dimensions' board of directors has carefully reviewed and considered
the terms and conditions of the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization and has concluded that the terms are fair to, and in the best
interests of, Data Dimensions and its stockholders. One of the factors
considered in reaching this determination was the receipt by Data Dimensions'
board of directors of the opinion of its financial advisors, Updata Capital,
Inc., that the merger consideration was fair, from a financial point of view,
to Data Dimensions' stockholders on the day Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
signed the agreement and plan of reorganization. The stockholders of Data
Dimensions are urged to read such opinion, attached as Annex D to the proxy
statement/prospectus, in its entirety. Data Dimensions' board of directors
recommends that you vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization.

   The agreement and plan of reorganization must be approved by the holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of Data Dimensions
entitled to vote at the special meeting. You should note that stockholders of
Data Dimensions entitled to vote at the special meeting who collectively
beneficially own approximately 18.9% of Data Dimensions' outstanding common
stock have already agreed to vote their shares in favor of the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization. You are encouraged to review the enclosed
proxy statement/prospectus and in particular review the matters referred to
under "Risk Factors" starting on page 9. Whether or not you plan to attend the
special meeting, please take the time to vote by promptly completing and
mailing the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. Your
vote is very important.

                                      On Behalf of the Board of Directors,

                                      /s/ Peter A. Allen
                                      Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
                                       President

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction and the securities
being offered by Lionbridge or determined if the proxy statement/prospectus is
accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

   The proxy statement/prospectus is dated       , 2001 and was first mailed to
Data Dimensions' stockholders on or about       , 2001.

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.
                           3535 Factoria Boulevard SE
                           Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor
                           Bellevue, Washington 98006

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          TO BE HELD ON JUNE   , 2001

To the stockholders of Data Dimensions, Inc.:

   A special meeting of the stockholders of Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, will be held at Data Dimensions' executive offices at 3535
Factoria Boulevard SE, Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor, Bellevue, Washington on     ,
June  , 2001 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Savings Time for the following
purposes:

     1.  To approve and adopt the merger and the agreement and plan of
  reorganization, dated as of March 8, 2001, as amended, by and among
  Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., Diamond Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned
  subsidiary of Lionbridge, and Data Dimensions, pursuant to which Diamond
  Acquisition Corp. will be merged with and into Data Dimensions, with Data
  Dimensions being the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned
  subsidiary of Lionbridge. A copy of the agreement and plan of
  reorganization, as amended, is attached as Annex A to the proxy
  statement/prospectus accompanying this notice; and

     2. To consider and act upon any other matter which may properly come
  before the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the Data
  Dimensions special meeting, including without limitation, potential
  adjournments or postponements of the Data Dimensions special meeting for
  the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in order to approve the
  proposed merger and agreement and plan of reorganization.

   This proxy statement/prospectus and the proxy card are being furnished to
the stockholders of Data Dimensions in connection with the solicitation of
proxies by Data Dimensions' board of directors for use at the special meeting
of stockholders.

   Data Dimensions' board of directors has approved the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization and recommends that you vote FOR approval
and adoption of the merger and agreement and plan of reorganization. The
proposal is described in more detail in the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus, which you should read in its entirety before voting.

   The board of directors has fixed the close of business on        , 2001 as
the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive this
notice, and to vote their shares at the meeting or any adjournment or
postponement of the meeting. Only holders of record of common stock of Data
Dimensions at the close of business on the record date will be entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the meeting and any adjournment or postponement of
the meeting. As of that date, there were [13,560,972] shares of common stock
outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter
brought properly before the meeting. The representation in person, or by
properly executed proxy, of the holders of a majority of all shares of common
stock entitled to vote at the special meeting is necessary to constitute a
quorum at the special meeting of Data Dimensions.

   Under Delaware law and the charter documents of Data Dimensions, approval
and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by
holders of outstanding shares of Data Dimensions common stock on the Data
Dimensions record date.

   The board of directors has designated the two persons named on the enclosed
proxy card, Peter A. Allen and Laurence C. Leslie, to serve as proxies in
connection with the special meeting. All properly executed proxy

cards will be voted (except to the extent that authority to vote has been
withheld) and where a choice has been specified by the stockholder as provided
in the proxy card, it will be voted in accordance with the specifications on
the proxy card. If you sign and send in your proxy card and do not indicate how
you want to vote, it will be voted in favor of approval of the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization. You may revoke a proxy prior to its
execution by giving written notice to the Secretary of Data Dimensions, by
submission of another proxy bearing a later date, or by voting in person at the
special meeting. Such notice or later dated proxy will not affect a vote on any
matter taken prior to the receipt of the proxy revocation by Data Dimensions.

   If a quorum is present at the special meeting, the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Data Dimensions common stock outstanding
is required for the approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and
plan of reorganization. Abstentions from voting identified as such on the proxy
card and "broker non-votes" (as described below) are treated as present or
represented for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum at
the special meeting. Brokers and other "street name" nominees holding shares
for the account of the beneficial owner of shares generally may vote the shares
in their own discretion. However, brokers and nominees generally do not have
authority to vote for "non-routine" proposals without receiving voting
instructions with respect to such proposals from the beneficial owners of the
shares. The proposal to approve the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization is a "non-routine" proposal and consequently requires voting
instructions from the beneficial owner so that the shares may be voted by the
beneficial owner's broker or nominee. A "broker non-vote" will occur if a
broker or nominee does not receive instructions from the beneficial owner with
respect to the proposal to approve the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization. Accordingly, abstentions and broker non-votes will have the
same effect as votes against the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization.

   The proxy statement/prospectus materials are being mailed on or about
      , 2001 to holders of record of Data Dimensions' common stock as of
      , 2001. The principal executive office and mailing address of Data
Dimensions is 3535 Factoria Boulevard SE, Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor, Bellevue,
Washington 98006.

   All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the special meeting.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY
RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD, WHICH YOU MAY REVOKE AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO ITS
USE. PROMPTLY SIGNING AND RETURNING YOUR PROXY CARD WILL HELP ENSURE THE
PRESENCE OF A QUORUM FOR THE MEETING AND WILL HELP AVOID ADDITIONAL PROXY
SOLICITATION EXPENSE. A postage-paid, self-addressed envelope is enclosed for
your convenience. Your shares will be voted at the meeting in accordance with
your proxy.

                      By Order of the Board of Directors,

                               /s/ Peter A. Allen
                Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

                           3535 Factoria Boulevard SE
                           Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor
                           Bellevue, Washington 98006
                                        , 2001

                               page 106. Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions have included page references parenthetically to direct you to a
more complete description of the topics in this summary.

                                 The Companies

Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.
950 Winter Street, Suite 2410
Waltham, Massachusetts 02451
(781) 434-6000

   Lionbridge is a leading provider of globalization services to Global 2000
and emerging companies in industries such as technology, telecommunications,
life sciences, and financial services. Lionbridge also provides functionality,
compatibility, and logo certification testing services through its global
network of VeriTest labs. Lionbridge's full suite of services allows its
clients to outsource their critical globalization needs and improve the
quality, consistency, and timeliness of their international offerings.

Data Dimensions, Inc.
3535 Factoria Boulevard SE
Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor
Bellevue, Washington 98006
(425) 688-1000

   Data Dimensions is an international information technology services company.
Data Dimensions provides comprehensive outsourced testing, quality assurance
and application, development and maintenance services through a network of test
laboratories, field consultants, and an offshore applications solutions center.
Data Dimensions' clients consist primarily of product development organizations
and on-line service providers in the information technology, manufacturing,
financial services, and pharmaceutical industries. The clients range in size
from large organizations to emerging companies.

                                   The Merger
                                   (page 43)

   The agreement and plan of reorganization and amendment no. 1 to the
agreement and plan of reorganization are attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus and are incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus. Lionbridge and Data Dimensions encourage you to read the
agreement and plan of reorganization, as amended, as it is the legal document
that governs the merger.

   Through the merger, Data Dimensions will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Lionbridge. Data Dimensions stockholders will receive Lionbridge common stock
in exchange for their shares of Data Dimensions common stock. Each issued and
outstanding share of Data Dimensions common stock other than shares held by
Data Dimensions, Lionbridge or Diamond Acquisition Corp. will be converted into
the right to receive 0.190884 of a share of Lionbridge common stock.

                      Lionbridge's Reasons for the Merger
                                   (page 32)

   Lionbridge believes it will derive a number of potential benefits from the
merger, including the following:

  .  The merger will enhance the opportunity for Lionbridge to realize its
     strategic objectives of expanding its market share and increasing its
     ability to compete effectively as a provider of comprehensive outsourced
     testing services to the global technology industry.

  .  Through the merger, Lionbridge will acquire or enhance its ability to
     provide software testing, quality assurance consulting services, on-site
     training for test planning, and application development and maintenance
     services, and thus provide a broader range and expanded scope of testing
     and service offerings to its customers.

  .  The combination of Lionbridge's globalization services with Data
     Dimensions' testing, consulting, and applications maintenance services
     will enable Lionbridge to provide an integrated and comprehensive
     testing, certification, and globalization solution for its customers.

  .  Acquiring Data Dimensions will allow Lionbridge to increase its testing
     labs from five to a total of 10, with six labs in the United States and
     four labs outside of the United States, and thereby increase its ability
     to rapidly and efficiently meet the needs of its global customers.

  .  The combined businesses will bring additional geographic coverage,
     management depth, and technical and project management resources to
     Lionbridge to address larger and more varied client projects, and
     economies of scale.

  .  The combined businesses will enhance Lionbridge's technical testing
     staff with personnel with additional testing expertise and experience.

                    Data Dimensions' Reasons for the Merger
                                   (page 33)

   The board of directors of Data Dimensions believes that the terms of the
merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization are fair to, and in the
best interests of, the stockholders of Data Dimensions. In reaching its
decision, the board of directors considered numerous factors, including the
following:

  .  The merger affords the new combined company the opportunity to create
     one of the largest application testing services businesses and enables
     it to offer its customers a broader array of products and services from
     more locations.

  .  The merger has the potential to create a company with greater critical
     mass that is better positioned to compete for business opportunities and
     participate in industry growth.

  .  The merger will provide increased liquidity for Data Dimensions
     stockholders through continued listing of Lionbridge common stock on the
     Nasdaq National Market.

  .  The merger will provide Data Dimensions' stockholders with the
     opportunity to share in the combined company's long-term growth as a
     result of the merger.

          Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Data Dimensions
                                   (page 33)

   The board of directors of Data Dimensions voted to approve the merger and
agreement and plan of reorganization and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Data Dimensions board of directors believes that the merger is
fair to, and in the best interests of, Data Dimensions and its stockholders
and recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
and agreement and plan of reorganization.

                 What Data Dimensions Stockholders Will Receive
                                   (page 43)

   As a result of the merger, stockholders of Data Dimensions will receive
0.190884 of a share of Lionbridge common stock for each share of Data
Dimensions common stock that they own at the effective time of the merger. Data
Dimensions' stock option plan provides that each issued and outstanding but
unvested option to purchase shares of Data Dimensions common stock under the
stock option plan shall accelerate upon the giving of notice by Data Dimensions
to optionees of a change of control event (such as the merger), which notice
shall be given not less than 30 days before the effective time of the merger.
Each unexpired and unexercised outstanding option or warrant to purchase shares
of Data Dimensions common stock previously issued by Data Dimensions will be
assumed by Lionbridge at the effective time of the merger and will be
exercisable to purchase shares of Lionbridge common stock, upon substantially
the same terms and conditions. The number of shares of Lionbridge common stock
subject to the assumed Data Dimensions stock options and warrants will be
adjusted by multiplying the number of shares of Data Dimensions stock subject
to the option or warrant by 0.190884 and the exercise price per share of
Lionbridge common stock under the Data Dimensions stock options and warrants
will equal the exercise price per share of the Data Dimensions common stock
under the original stock option or warrant divided by 0.190884.

   Instead of fractional shares, any holder of Data Dimensions stock who would
otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Lionbridge common stock will
be paid the cash value of the fraction, which will be equal to the fraction
multiplied by $5.6688 (the average closing bid price of Lionbridge common stock
as calculated in accordance with the terms of the agreement and plan of
reorganization).

   Based on the 13,560,972 shares of Data Dimensions common stock issued and
outstanding as of March 8, 2001, approximately 2,588,570 shares of Lionbridge
common stock will be issued to the holders of Data Dimensions common stock in
the merger, or approximately 8.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of
Lionbridge common stock following the merger. The actual number of shares of
Lionbridge common stock issued may differ because the number of shares of Data
Dimensions common stock outstanding at the closing may differ. Lionbridge had
28,038,697 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2001.

 Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Data Dimensions in the Merger
                                   (page 40)

   In considering the recommendation of the Data Dimensions board of directors,
you should be aware of the interests that the executive officers and directors
of Data Dimensions have in the merger. These interests include:

  .  acceleration of the vesting of options;

  .  cash severance payments, continuation of health benefits and cash
     payments for any accrued and unused vacation;

  .  indemnification of officers and directors; and

  .  becoming executives of Lionbridge.

   As of March 31, 2001, executive officers and directors of Data Dimensions
held 55,992 shares of Data Dimensions common stock and options to purchase
1,261,007 shares of Data Dimensions common stock, all of which will become
exercisable upon the giving of notice by Data Dimensions to optionees of the
merger.

                      What Will Happen to Data Dimensions
                                   (page 43)

   If the merger is completed, Data Dimensions will merge with a wholly owned
subsidiary of Lionbridge and will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Lionbridge. Individuals who owned stock in Data Dimensions before the merger
will own stock in Lionbridge after the merger.

                     Conditions to Completion of the Merger
                                   (page 48)

   The completion of the merger depends upon meeting a number of conditions,
including the following:

  .  the approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of
     reorganization by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
     the outstanding shares of Data Dimensions common stock entitled to vote;

  .  holders of not more than 4% of the outstanding capital stock of Data
     Dimensions shall have exercised appraisal rights with respect to the
     merger;

  .  the shares of Lionbridge common stock issuable to the stockholders of
     Data Dimensions shall have been approved for quotation on the Nasdaq
     National Market;

  .  the termination, waiver or satisfaction of any registration rights,
     rights of first refusal, voting rights, liquidation preference or
     redemption rights relating to any security of Data Dimensions; and

  .  other customary contractual conditions specified in the agreement and
     plan of reorganization.

   Certain of the conditions to the merger may be waived by the company
entitled to assert the condition.

                       No Solicitation by Data Dimensions
                                   (page 48)

   Data Dimensions has agreed that it will not solicit, encourage, initiate or
participate in any discussion regarding a business combination of Data
Dimensions with any other party. Data Dimensions has further agreed to use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that none of its officers, directors,
stockholders, agents, representatives and affiliates do any of these things.

            Termination of the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
                                   (page 49)

   The agreement and plan of reorganization may be terminated in the following
ways at any time prior to the effective time of the merger:

  .  Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition Corp. may terminate
     the agreement and plan of reorganization by mutual written consent;

  .  Lionbridge may terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization if it
     is not in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
     agreement contained in the agreement and plan of reorganization and Data
     Dimensions is in material breach of any representation, warranty,
     covenant or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  Data Dimensions may terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization
     if (i) it is not in material breach of any representation, warranty,
     covenant or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of
     reorganization and Lionbridge is in material breach of any
     representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the
     agreement and plan of reorganization or (ii) the stockholders of Data
     Dimensions fail to approve and adopt the merger and the agreement and
     plan of reorganization by July 31, 2001; or

  .  Either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions may terminate the agreement and
     plan of reorganization by giving written notice to the other party if
     the effective time of the merger has not occurred on or before July 31,
     2001, except that the right to terminate the agreement and plan of
     reorganization is not available to a party who has not fulfilled an
     obligation under the agreement and plan of reorganization which resulted
     in the merger not occurring on or before July 31, 2001.

                                Termination Fees
                                   (page 49)

   The agreement and plan of reorganization requires Data Dimensions to pay to
Lionbridge a termination fee of $600,000 if the Data Dimensions board of
directors does not recommended to its stockholders to vote in favor of approval
of the merger and either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions terminates the agreement
and plan of reorganization pursuant to certain termination provisions of the
agreement and plan of reorganization. In addition, Data Dimensions must also
pay a $600,000 termination fee to Lionbridge if either Lionbridge or Data
Dimensions terminates the agreement and plan of reorganization pursuant to
certain termination provisions of the agreement and plan of reorganization and
Data Dimensions completes an acquisition with a party other than Lionbridge at
any time on or prior to the nine-month anniversary of the termination of the
agreement and plan of reorganization. Finally, if either Lionbridge or Data
Dimensions terminates the agreement and plan of reorganization as a result of a
material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the
other party, the breaching party must pay a $600,000 termination fee to the
terminating party.

       The Data Dimensions Special Meeting of Stockholders; Vote Required
                                   (page 26)

   Data Dimensions will hold a special meeting of its stockholders to:

  .  approve and adopt the merger and the agreement and plan of
     reorganization; and

  .  transact such other business as may properly come before the Data
     Dimensions special meeting.

   The approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of Data Dimensions common stock entitled to vote at
the Data Dimensions special meeting.

   As of March 8, 2001, the directors, executive officers and 10% stockholders
of Data Dimensions and their affiliates who collectively beneficially own
approximately 18.9% of the outstanding voting power of Data Dimensions have
already agreed under voting agreements to vote in favor of the approval and
adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization.

                               Voting Agreements
                                   (page 51)

   As a condition to entering into the agreement and plan of reorganization,
all of the directors, executive officers, affiliates and 10% stockholders of
Data Dimensions entered into voting agreements under which they agreed to vote
all of their shares of Data Dimensions common stock to approve the merger and
the agreement and plan of reorganization. The Data Dimensions stockholders who
entered into voting agreements collectively beneficially own approximately
18.9% of the outstanding Data Dimensions capital stock as of March 8, 2001. The
form of voting agreement is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement/prospectus. Lionbridge and Data Dimensions encourage you to read the
form of voting agreement in its entirety.

                             Stock Option Agreement
                                   (page 51)

   On March 8, 2001, Data Dimensions entered into a stock option agreement with
Lionbridge which grants Lionbridge the option to purchase a number of shares of
Data Dimensions common stock equal to 19.9% of the shares of Data Dimensions
common stock issued and outstanding as of the date the option becomes
exercisable, or approximately 16.6% after issuance of the shares of Data
Dimensions common stock subject to the option. The option is not currently
exercisable and Lionbridge may exercise the option only upon the consummation
of an acquisition of Data Dimensions by a party other than Lionbridge during
the nine-month period following any termination of the agreement and plan of
reorganization. The exercise price of the option is $1.08 per share. The option
may discourage third parties who are interested in acquiring a significant
ownership interest in Data Dimensions and is intended to increase the
likelihood that the merger will be completed. The stock option agreement is
attached as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus. Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions encourage you to read the stock option agreement in its entirety.

                      Governmental and Regulatory Matters
                                   (page 104)

   Lionbridge and Data Dimensions do not believe that any material federal or
state governmental approvals will be required for completion of the merger,
other than compliance with federal and state securities laws applicable for the
issuance of Lionbridge common stock in the merger and the soliciting of the
votes of the Data Dimensions stockholders to approve the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization and compliance with the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

                 Opinion of Data Dimensions' Financial Advisor
                                   (page 35)

   In deciding to approve the merger, Data Dimensions' board of directors
received an opinion from its financial advisor, Updata Capital, as to the
fairness of the purchase price from a financial perspective as of March 8,
2001. The complete text of the opinion is attached as Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus and should be read carefully in its entirety. THE OPINION
OF UPDATA CAPITAL IS DIRECTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DATA DIMENSIONS AND
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER WITH RESPECT TO THE
MERGER.

            Important United States Federal Income Tax Consequences
                                   (page 38)

   Lionbridge and Data Dimensions have structured the merger so that no gain or
loss generally will be recognized by Data Dimensions stockholders for federal
income tax purposes on their exchange of shares of Data Dimensions common stock
for shares of Lionbridge common stock.

   Tax matters are very complicated, and the tax consequences of the merger to
you will depend on the facts of your own situation. You should consult your tax
advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the merger to you.

                       Accounting Treatment of the Merger
                                   (page 40)

   The merger will be treated as a purchase for accounting and financial
reporting purposes, which means that Data Dimensions will be treated as a
separate entity for periods prior to the closing, and thereafter as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Lionbridge. In addition, Lionbridge estimates that it will
record on its balance sheet a deferred credit of approximately $2.2 million,
which will be amortized over a five-year period following the merger.

     Resale of Lionbridge Common Stock Issued in connection with the Merger
                                   (page 41)

   All shares of Lionbridge common stock that Data Dimensions stockholders
receive in connection with the merger will be freely transferable unless the
holder is considered an "affiliate" of either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions for
purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Shares of Lionbridge common
stock held by these affiliates may be sold only pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Securities
Act.

                       Rights of Dissenting Stockholders
                                   (page 104)

   Under Delaware law, Data Dimensions stockholders who vote against the merger
and the agreement and plan of reorganization will have no right to receive the
"fair value" of their shares in cash rather than the Lionbridge common stock
specified in the agreement and plan of reorganization.

     Comparison of Rights of Stockholders of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge
                                   (page 99)

   The rights of investors as stockholders of Lionbridge after the merger will
be governed by Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation and by-laws. Those
rights differ from rights of Data Dimensions stockholders under Data
Dimensions' certificate of incorporation and by-laws.

          Nasdaq National Market Quotation of Lionbridge Common Stock
                                   (page 41)

   The shares of Lionbridge common stock issued in connection with the merger
and to be issued under the stock and option plans of Data Dimensions that will
be assumed by Lionbridge in connection with the merger will be listed on the
Nasdaq Stock Market's National Market.

                            Comparative Stock Prices
                                   (page 24)

   Shares of Lionbridge common stock and Data Dimensions common stock are
quoted on the Nasdaq National Market. On March 8, 2001, the last full trading
day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger, Lionbridge common
stock closed at $5.66 per share and Data Dimensions common stock closed at
$0.44 per share. On [      ], 2001, Lionbridge common stock closed at $   per
share and Data Dimensions common stock closed at $   per share.

           Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
                                   (page 42)

   Data Dimensions and Lionbridge have made forward-looking statements in this
document that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements include information concerning the possible or assumed future
benefits of the merger and results of operations of the combined company as
well as statements preceded by, followed by, or that include the words
"believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "future," "could," "may" and
similar words or expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing
future events, conditions or circumstances). You should understand that certain
important factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this document,
could affect the future results of the combined company and could cause these
results to differ materially from those expressed in Data Dimensions' and
Lionbridge's forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will
determine these results are beyond Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's ability to
control or predict. Stockholders are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any
forward-looking statement. For a discussion of some of the factors that may
cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-
looking statements, please read carefully the information under "Risk Factors"
beginning on page 9.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   You should carefully consider the following risk factors relating to the
merger before you decide whether to vote to approve and adopt the merger and
the agreement and plan of reorganization and the proposed issuance of
Lionbridge common stock in connection with the merger. You should also consider
the other information in this proxy statement/prospectus and the additional
information in Lionbridge's and Data Dimensions' other reports on file with the
SEC. For more information, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page
106.

Risks Relating to the Merger

   Lionbridge may face challenges in integrating Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
and, as a result, may not realize the expected benefits of the anticipated
merger.

   Integrating the operations, technologies, services and personnel of
Lionbridge and Data Dimensions will be a complex process, and Lionbridge cannot
be certain that the integration will be completed rapidly or will achieve the
anticipated benefits of the merger. The successful integration of Lionbridge
and Data Dimensions will require, among other things, integration of the
Lionbridge and Data Dimensions testing sales and marketing groups and the
Lionbridge and Data Dimensions consulting and testing service delivery
organizations. The diversion of the attention of the Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions management and any difficulties encountered in the process of
combining Lionbridge and Data Dimensions could cause the disruption of, or a
loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company's business.
Further, the process of combining Lionbridge and Data Dimensions could
negatively affect employee morale and the ability of the combined company to
retain some of its key employees after the merger. The inability to
successfully integrate the operations and personnel of Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions, or any significant delay in achieving integration, could adversely
impact the business, financial condition and operating results of the combined
company after the merger.

   Lionbridge's stock price is volatile and the value of the Lionbridge common
stock issued in the merger will depend on its market price at the time of the
merger, and no adjustment will be made as a result of changes in the market
price of Lionbridge's common stock.

   Under the agreement and plan of reorganization, the conversion ratio used to
determine the number of shares of Lionbridge's common stock that Data
Dimensions stockholders will receive is unaffected by the share price of
Lionbridge's common stock. Increases in the value of Lionbridge's common stock
will result in a higher price being paid by Lionbridge for Data Dimensions and
more value received by Data Dimensions stockholders in the merger. Decreases in
the value of Lionbridge's common stock will result in a lower price being paid
by Lionbridge for Data Dimensions and less value received by Data Dimensions
stockholders in the merger. You will not know the value of Lionbridge's common
stock to be issued in the merger at the time of the Data Dimensions special
meeting of stockholders. Under the agreement and plan of reorganization,
neither Lionbridge nor Data Dimensions will have the right to terminate or
renegotiate the agreement and plan of reorganization or to resolicit proxies as
a result of any increase or decrease in the value of Lionbridge's common stock.
The market price of Lionbridge's common stock, like that for the shares of many
other high technology companies, has been and may continue to be volatile.
Recently, the stock market in general and the shares of technology companies in
particular have experienced significant price fluctuations. The market price
may continue to fluctuate significantly in response to various factors,
including:

  .  quarterly variations in operating results;

  .  the announcement of technological innovations;

  .  the introduction of new services by Lionbridge and its competitors;

  .  changes in estimates by securities analysts;

  .   market conditions in the industry;

  .   announcements and actions by competitors and customers;

  .   regulatory and judicial actions; and

  .   general economic conditions.

   Lionbridge will incur significant merger-related costs in the quarter in
which it consummates the merger and during the post-merger integration period.

   Lionbridge expects to incur costs of approximately $500,000 in connection
with the merger which relate to financial advisory, legal and accounting
services and other integration expenses. Actual costs incurred may be higher
than Lionbridge anticipates. In addition, Lionbridge may incur other additional
unanticipated merger costs. These costs may delay the anticipated benefits of
the merger.

   Customers of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions may delay or cancel orders as a
result of concerns over the merger.

   The announcement and closing of the merger could cause customers and
potential customers of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions to delay or cancel orders
for services as a result of customer concerns and uncertainty over integration
and support of the combined company's services. Such a delay or cancellation of
orders could materially reduce the combined company's revenue and cash flow,
and ability to achieve and maintain profitability.

   The merger may result in a loss of employees which could harm the combined
company's results of operations.

   Difficulties in integrating the operations of Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions, including the uncertainty related to organizational changes, could
also negatively affect employee morale and result in the loss of key employees.
Lionbridge may not be able to retain Data Dimensions' key management, sales and
marketing, and technical personnel. Any steps taken by Lionbridge to address
employee attrition may not be effective, and this attrition could negatively
affect the combined company's results of operations.

   Failure to complete the merger could harm each company's stock price and
future business and operations.

   Both Lionbridge and Data Dimensions face a number of special risks if the
merger is not completed, including the following:

  .  Lionbridge or Data Dimensions may be required to pay to the other party
     a termination fee of $600,000;

  .  the option Data Dimensions granted to Lionbridge to purchase 19.9% of
     Data Dimensions' outstanding common stock may become exercisable;

  .  the price of Lionbridge common stock and Data Dimensions common stock
     may decline to the extent the current market price of Lionbridge common
     stock and Data Dimensions common stock reflects the assumption that the
     merger will be completed; and

  .  costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and financial
     advisor fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed.

   In addition, current and prospective Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
employees and customers may experience uncertainty and could terminate their
relationships with Lionbridge or Data Dimensions if the merger is not completed
and Lionbridge's and Data Dimensions' businesses may be harmed.

   Further, if the merger is terminated and Data Dimensions determines to seek
another business combination, it is not certain that Data Dimensions will be
able to find a party willing to combine with it on equivalent or more
attractive terms.

Risks Relating to Lionbridge

   Lionbridge's revenue could be negatively affected by the delay of its
clients' product releases or the loss of a major client.

   A significant portion of Lionbridge's revenue is linked to the product
release cycle of its clients. As a result, Lionbridge performs varying amounts
of work for specific clients from year to year based on their product
development schedules. A major client in one year may not have use for a
similar level of Lionbridge's services in another year. In addition, Lionbridge
derives a significant portion of its revenue from large projects and programs
for a limited number of clients. In 2000, Lionbridge's largest customer
accounted for approximately 9% of its revenue and Lionbridge's five largest
clients accounted for approximately 33% of its revenue. As a result, the loss
of any major client or a significant reduction in a large project's scope could
materially reduce Lionbridge's revenue and cash flow, and adversely affect its
ability to achieve and maintain profitability.

   Lionbridge has an accumulated deficit, is not currently profitable, and
anticipates future losses.

   Lionbridge has incurred substantial losses since it was founded, and it
anticipates it will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future.
Lionbridge had an accumulated deficit of approximately $79.3 million as of
December 31, 2000 and a net loss of $20.3 million for the year ended December
31, 2000. Although Lionbridge's revenue has grown significantly since 1997,
this growth may not be sustainable or indicative of future results of
operations. Lionbridge intends to continue to invest in internal expansion,
infrastructure, integration of its acquired companies into its existing
operations, select acquisitions, and its sales and marketing efforts. In
addition, Lionbridge's acquisitions have significantly increased its intangible
assets, such as goodwill, and the charges it expects to incur in connection
with the amortization of these intangible assets will have a material adverse
impact on its ability to achieve and maintain profitability for the foreseeable
future. Lionbridge cannot predict if it will operate profitably.

   If Lionbridge's losses continue, it will need to raise additional capital.
If Lionbridge is unable to do so, or does so on unfavorable terms, the value of
your investment in its stock may decline.

   If Lionbridge's losses continue, it will be unable to pay its expenses
unless it raises additional capital. If Lionbridge needs to raise additional
capital but is unable to do so, it may not be able to continue as a going
concern. If Lionbridge needs to raise additional capital but is able to do so
only on unfavorable terms, the value of your investment in its stock may
decline.

   The uncertainty in the technology market could affect Lionbridge's ability
to achieve operating plans.

   A substantial portion of Lionbridge's revenue is derived from technology
companies, including Web-based businesses. Many technology companies have
experienced economic slow downs in 2000 and 2001 and may continue to experience
these slow downs throughout 2001 and beyond. A continued slow down in the
technology market will have a negative impact on Lionbridge's ability to
achieve its operating plans.

   Potential fluctuations in Lionbridge's quarterly results make financial
forecasting difficult and could affect its common stock trading price.

   As a result of fluctuations in Lionbridge's revenue tied to foreign currency
fluctuations, its clients' release cycles, the three- to nine-month length of
its typical sales cycle, rapid growth, acquisitions, the emerging nature of the
markets in which it competes, the recent slow down in the U.S. and world
economies, and other factors

outside its control, Lionbridge believes that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of
results of operations are not necessarily meaningful. You should not rely on
the results of any one quarter as an indication of its future performance.
Lionbridge may not experience revenue increases in future years comparable to
the revenue increases in prior years. If in some future quarter its results of
operations were to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and
investors, the trading price of its common stock would likely decline.

   Lionbridge generally does not have long-term service agreements, which makes
revenue forecasting difficult.

   A majority of Lionbridge's revenue is derived from individual projects
rather than long-term service agreements. Lionbridge cannot assure you that a
client will engage it for further services once a project is completed or that
a client will not unilaterally reduce the scope of, or terminate, existing
projects. You should not predict or anticipate Lionbridge's future revenue
based on the number of clients it has or the size of its existing projects. The
absence of long-term contracts makes it difficult to predict Lionbridge's
future revenue.

   Lionbridge may be liable for defects or errors in the services it provides
to its clients.

   Many of the services Lionbridge provides are critical to its clients'
businesses. Any defects or errors in these services could result in:

  .  delayed or lost client revenue;

  .  adverse reaction to its clients from their end users and, ultimately,
     toward Lionbridge;

  .  claims against Lionbridge;

  .  negative publicity; and

  .  additional expenditures to correct the defect or error.

   Liability claims could require Lionbridge to spend significant time and
money in litigation or to pay significant damages. Although Lionbridge
maintains general liability insurance, including coverage for errors and
omissions, Lionbridge cannot assure you that this coverage will be available in
amounts sufficient to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will
not disclaim coverage as to any future claims.

   If Lionbridge fails to attract and retain professional staff, its ability to
complete its projects and obtain new projects could suffer.

   Lionbridge's failure to attract and retain qualified employees could impair
its ability to complete existing projects and bid for or obtain new projects
and, as a result, could adversely affect its ability to grow its business and
revenue. Lionbridge's ability to grow and increase its market share largely
depends on its ability to hire, train, retain, and manage highly skilled
employees, including project managers and testing, technical, translation, and
sales and marketing personnel. There is a significant shortage of, and intense
competition for, personnel who are qualified to perform the services Lionbridge
provides. In addition, Lionbridge must make sure its employees maintain their
technical expertise and business skills. Lionbridge cannot assure you that it
will be able to attract a sufficient number of qualified employees or that it
will successfully train and manage the employees it hires.

   Lionbridge may be unable to continue to grow at its historical growth rates
or to manage its growth effectively.

   Continued, planned growth is a key component of increasing the value of
Lionbridge. In the past four years, Lionbridge's business has grown
significantly and it anticipates future internal growth and growth through
additional acquisitions. This rapid growth places a significant demand on
management and operational resources. In order to manage growth effectively,
Lionbridge must implement and improve its operational systems and controls.
This additional growth may further strain its management and operational
resources.

Lionbridge's growth could also be adversely affected by many other factors,
including economic downturns. As a result of these concerns, Lionbridge cannot
be sure that it will continue to grow, or, if it does grow, that it will be
able to maintain its historical growth rate.

   Lionbridge's multi-year outsourcing relationship strategy may cause it to be
unprofitable.

   Part of Lionbridge's strategy is to acquire other companies' internal
localization operations and then enter into multi-year contracts with the
sellers of these operations to meet their globalization requirements on an
outsourcing basis. As such, Lionbridge's strategy is to buy these operations
with the objective of recouping its up-front purchase price out of future
revenue and profits from the seller. If Lionbridge pays too much for these
acquisitions or these contracts prove unprofitable, its revenue and
profitability will suffer.

   Difficulties presented by international economic, political, legal,
accounting, and business factors could negatively affect Lionbridge's business
in international markets.

   A large component of Lionbridge's operations is its ability to conduct
business in international markets, as evidenced by the fact that a large part
of its operations are outside of the United States. As a result, Lionbridge's
business is subject to the political and economic fluctuations in various
countries. Lionbridge has experienced foreign currency fluctuations and they
may have a more significant impact on its revenue, cash flow and ability to
achieve and maintain profitability as it continues to grow its business. In
addition, Lionbridge has experienced long payment cycles and occasional
problems in collecting accounts receivable originating outside of the United
States. Lionbridge has experienced exchange rate losses as a result of
fluctuations in the Euro and other currencies and slowdowns in revenue growth
as its clients reassessed their strategies in various countries based on
political and economic conditions. In addition, as Lionbridge continues to
employ and retain personnel throughout the world and apply varying employment
laws, Lionbridge may face difficulties in integrating such personnel on a cost-
efficient basis. To date, Lionbridge has been able to successfully staff its
international operations, but if Lionbridge continues to grow its operations,
it may become more difficult to manage its business. If Lionbridge fails to
manage these operations successfully, its ability to service its clients and
grow its business will be seriously impeded.

   Lionbridge's intangible assets represent a significant portion of its
assets; amortization of its intangible assets will adversely impact its net
income, and Lionbridge may never realize the full value of its intangible
assets.

   Lionbridge's acquisitions have resulted in the creation of significant
goodwill and other intangible assets, which are generally being amortized over
five-year periods. At December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had goodwill and other
acquisition-related intangible assets of approximately $14.9 million, net of
accumulated amortization, which represented approximately 24.0% of its total
assets. Lionbridge will continue to incur non-cash charges in connection with
the amortization of its intangible assets over their respective useful lives,
and Lionbridge expects these charges will have a significant adverse impact on
Lionbridge's ability to achieve and maintain profitability for the foreseeable
future.

   Lionbridge cannot assure you that it will ever realize the value of these
intangible assets. In the future, as events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of its intangible assets may not be
recoverable, Lionbridge will evaluate the carrying value of its intangible
assets and may take an accelerated charge to its earnings. Any future
determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of unamortized
intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on its ability to
achieve and maintain profitability.

   Pursuing and completing potential acquisitions could divert management
attention and financial resources and may not produce the desired business
results.

   In May 2000, Lionbridge acquired all of the capital stock of INT'L.com and
Harvard Translations, and in January 2001, acquired all of the capital stock of
Quality Group Labs. As part of its growth strategy,

Lionbridge intends to continue pursuing and making acquisitions of other
complementary businesses. Lionbridge does not have specific personnel dedicated
solely to pursuing and making acquisitions. As a result, if Lionbridge pursues
any acquisition, its management, in addition to their operational
responsibilities, could spend a significant amount of time and management and
financial resources to pursue and integrate the acquired business with its
existing business. To pay for an acquisition, Lionbridge might use capital
stock, cash or a combination of both. Alternatively, Lionbridge may borrow
money from a bank or other lender. If Lionbridge uses capital stock, its
stockholders will experience dilution. If Lionbridge uses cash or debt
financing, its financial liquidity will be reduced. In addition, from an
accounting perspective, an acquisition may involve nonrecurring charges or
involve amortization of significant amounts of goodwill that could adversely
affect its ability to achieve and maintain profitability.

   Despite the investment of these management and financial resources and
completion of due diligence with respect to these efforts, an acquisition may
not produce the revenue, earnings or business synergies that Lionbridge
anticipated, and an acquired service or technology may not perform as expected
for a variety of reasons, including:

  .  difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies,
     products and personnel of the acquired company;

  .  risks of entering markets in which Lionbridge has no or limited prior
     experience;

  .  expenses of any undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of the
     acquired company;

  .  the applicability of rules and regulations that might restrict
     Lionbridge's ability to operate; and

  .  the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company.

   Lionbridge may have difficulty in identifying and competing for acquisition
opportunities.

   Lionbridge's business strategy includes the pursuit of strategic
acquisitions. Lionbridge has engaged from time to time in discussions with
third parties concerning potential acquisitions of niche expertise, businesses,
and operations. Except for its agreement to acquire all of the capital stock of
Data Dimensions, Lionbridge currently does not have commitments or agreements
with respect to any acquisitions. In executing its acquisition strategy,
Lionbridge may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates. In
addition, Lionbridge expects to face competition from other companies for
acquisition candidates, making it more difficult to acquire suitable companies
on favorable terms.

   If Lionbridge fails to keep pace with changing technologies, Lionbridge may
lose clients.

   Lionbridge's market is characterized by rapidly changing client
requirements, and evolving technologies and industry standards. If Lionbridge
cannot keep pace with these changes, its business could suffer. The Internet's
strong influence in Lionbridge's industry magnifies these characteristics. To
achieve its goals, Lionbridge needs to develop strategic business solutions and
methodologies that keep pace with continuing changes in industry standards,
information technology, and client preferences.

   If Lionbridge loses the services of its Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Rory J. Cowan, or other key personnel, its business and stock price
could suffer.

   In order to continue to provide quality services in its rapidly changing
business, Lionbridge believes it is particularly important to retain personnel
with experience and expertise relevant to its business. Lionbridge's future
success, therefore, depends in large part on the continued services of a number
of its key personnel, including its Chief Executive Officer, Rory J. Cowan. The
loss of the services of Mr. Cowan or any of its other key personnel could
seriously impede its success. Lionbridge might not be able to prevent key
personnel, who may leave its employ in the future, from disclosing or using its
technical knowledge, practices or procedures. One or more of its key personnel
might resign and join a competitor or form a competing company. As a result,
Lionbridge might lose existing or potential clients.

   Lionbridge competes in a highly competitive market that has low barriers to
entry.

   The market for Lionbridge's services is very competitive and faces many
competitors. Lionbridge cannot assure you that it will compete successfully
against these competitors in the future. Many of these companies have longer
operating histories, significantly greater resources, and greater name
recognition than Lionbridge. If Lionbridge fails to be competitive with these
companies in the future, it may lose market share and its revenue could fail to
grow or decline.

   There are relatively few barriers preventing companies from competing with
Lionbridge. Although Lionbridge owns proprietary technology, it does not own
any patented or other technology that precludes or inhibits others from
entering its market. As a result, new market entrants also pose a threat to its
business. In addition to its existing competitors, Lionbridge may face further
competition in the future from companies that do not currently offer testing or
globalization services. Technology companies, eBuilders, Web consulting firms,
technical support call centers, hosting companies, and content management
providers may choose to broaden their range of services to include testing or
globalization as they expand their operations internationally. While Lionbridge
currently uses translation memory software in its localization process and, to
a lesser extent, machine translation software, these technologies may improve
and become sophisticated enough to enable more companies to offer localization
services and thus to compete with Lionbridge. Lionbridge cannot assure you that
it will be able to compete effectively with these potential future competitors.

   Lionbridge will continue to depend on intellectual property rights to
protect its proprietary technologies, although it may not be able to protect
these rights.

   Lionbridge relies on its proprietary technology to deploy its service
offerings. Lionbridge's policy is to enter into confidentiality agreements with
its employees, outside consultants, and independent contractors. Lionbridge
also uses patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright law in addition to
contractual restrictions to protect Lionbridge's technology. Notwithstanding
these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to obtain and use its
proprietary technology without authorization. Although Lionbridge holds
registered or pending United States patents and foreign patents covering
certain aspects of its technology, it cannot be sure of the level of protection
that these patents will provide. Lionbridge may have to resort to litigation to
enforce its intellectual property rights, to protect trade secrets or know-how,
or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability. Enforcing or defending
its proprietary technology is expensive, could cause diversion of its resources
and may not prove successful. The laws of other countries may afford Lionbridge
little or no effective protection of its intellectual property rights.

Risks Relating to Data Dimensions

   In determining whether to approve and adopt the merger and the agreement and
plan of reorganization, Data Dimensions stockholders should consider the
following risks relating to Data Dimensions together with the information about
Data Dimensions' business, financial condition and results of operations
provided elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. If the merger is
completed, these risks will continue to apply to your investment in Lionbridge,
although to a lesser degree because Data Dimensions' business will, following
the merger, represent only a portion of the combined company's business.

   Data Dimensions is currently not profitable and has an accumulated deficit.

   Data Dimensions experienced net losses of $11.1 million from continuing
operations for the fiscal year ended 2000 due to its transition away from
providing Year 2000 ("Y2K") remediation services to providing quality assurance
and testing services and had an accumulated deficit of $2.5 million at December
31, 2000. Although Data Dimensions' quality assurance and testing revenue grew
significantly in fiscal year 2000, this growth may not be sustainable or
indicative of actual future results of operations.

   If Data Dimensions' losses continue, it will need to raise additional
capital. If it is unable to raise capital or does so on unfavorable terms, Data
Dimensions may be unable to meet its cash requirements.

   If Data Dimensions' losses continue, it will be unable to pay its expenses,
unless it raises additional capital. If Data Dimensions needs to raise
additional capital but is not able to raise the necessary funds or is able to
do so only on unfavorable terms, Data Dimensions may not be able to meet its
cash requirements necessary for the continued operation of its business as it
is currently operated.

   Delisting of Data Dimensions' common stock could negatively impact the
marketability of the stock and reduce the market price of the stock.

   Data Dimensions was notified by Nasdaq of its decision to delist Data
Dimensions' common stock due to Data Dimensions' noncompliance with Nasdaq
listing standards that require Data Dimensions to maintain a minimum bid price
of $1.00 per share. Data Dimensions requested an oral hearing to review the
decision, which request stayed the delisting. The hearing occurred on April 5,
2001 and a decision is expected within two weeks of the hearing date. Data
Dimensions cannot assure you that the outcome of the hearing will be favorable
to Data Dimensions. The delisting of Data Dimensions common stock may result
in the placement of the stock on the over-the-counter market or Nasdaq
SmallCap Market, the effect of which may limit the continuation of, or the re-
establishment of, a public trading market for the common stock which could
reduce or destabilize the stock price.

   Data Dimensions has experienced historical fluctuations in its quarterly
operating results.

   Data Dimensions has experienced, and may experience in the future,
fluctuations in quarterly operating results. Several factors may contribute to
the fluctuations in revenue, including an absence of long-term service
contracts, the number and requirements of client engagements, Data Dimensions'
ability to develop, introduce and successfully market new and enhanced
services, customers' product development cycles, and general economic
conditions which may affect customers' decisions about the extent and timing
of their spending. Additional other factors may impact Data Dimensions' gross
margins, including the number of projects and the corresponding project phase,
employee productivity, staffing mix, and salary and compensation related costs
to attract and retain qualified personnel.

   Data Dimensions could be negatively impacted by the loss of a major client
or reduction of a major project.

   Data Dimensions has depended on a limited number of clients to generate a
significant amount of its revenue. There was a shift in the composition of the
large clients from 1999 to 2000, but Data Dimensions' ten largest clients
accounted for approximately 48% and 55% of Data Dimensions' revenue in 1999
and 2000, respectively. As a result, if one or more of these clients determine
to terminate their relationship with Data Dimensions, reduce the scope of a
large project or elect not to proceed to a project stage, such action could
have a material adverse effect on Data Dimensions' financial performance and
condition.

   Data Dimensions is significantly dependent on its ability to attract and
retain skilled professionals.

   Data Dimensions' business is labor intensive and depends to a significant
extent on its ability to attract, train and retain highly skilled
professionals. Qualified skilled professionals are in great demand in the
information technology services industry and are likely to remain a limited
resource for the foreseeable future. In addition, the industry has experienced
high turnover rates. The ability of Data Dimensions to conduct operations is
significantly dependent on the availability of skilled personnel and the
ability of Data Dimensions to attract and retain these skilled employees. As a
result, Data Dimensions cannot assure you that it will be able to attract
sufficient qualified technical personnel or retain existing and future
employees.

   Data Dimensions operates in a highly competitive market with low barriers
to entry.

   The market for quality assurance and testing services is highly competitive
and Data Dimensions has many competitors. Some of Data Dimensions' competitors
have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources and greater
name recognition. If Data Dimensions fails to be competitive, its market
position and revenue could fail to grow or potentially decline.

   There are few barriers to entry preventing companies from competing in the
quality assurance and testing market. Data Dimensions does not own any patented
or other technology or process that discourages or prohibits competitors from
entering the market. In addition, information technology consulting companies,
Web consultants or others may enter the market and Data Dimensions may not be
able to compete effectively with current or potential new competitors.

   If Data Dimensions cannot keep pace with technological changes, its business
could suffer.

   The quality assurance and testing market is characterized by rapidly
changing client requirements and evolving technologies. If Data Dimensions
cannot keep pace with the technological changes, it could lose clients and its
business could suffer. The proliferation and ubiquity of software, the
Internet's continued growth and changing industry standards add to the
complexities of the market. In order to keep pace with the continuing changes,
Data Dimensions needs to develop appropriate services and methodologies. There
is no assurance that Data Dimensions can develop the appropriate services and
methodologies to adequately respond to the technological changes.

   The common stock of Data Dimensions has been subject to price and volume
fluctuations in the past and may in the future.

   Data Dimensions' common stock has been subject to extreme price and volume
fluctuations in the past. Additionally, the stock market has experienced
significant price fluctuations, particularly among technology companies, which
often have been unrelated to the operating performance of specific companies.
Any announcement of any unfavorable variance in revenue or net income from
levels generally expected from securities analysts or investors could have an
immediate and significant effect on the trading price of Data Dimensions'
common stock. In addition, announcements of technological innovations or new
services by Data Dimensions, its competitors or other third parties, rumors of
innovations or new services or products, changing market conditions in the
industry, changes in estimates by securities analysts, unusual events, or
general economic conditions may have significant impact of the market price of
Data Dimensions common stock.

   The uncertainty in the technology market could affect Data Dimensions'
ability to achieve operating plans.

   A substantial portion of Data Dimensions' revenue is derived from technology
companies, including Web-based businesses. Many technology companies have
experienced slow downs in 2000 and may experience similar slow downs in 2001
and beyond. A continued slow down in the technology market may have a negative
impact on Data Dimensions' ability to achieve its operating plans.

               SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF LIONBRIDGE

   Lionbridge was incorporated on September 11, 1996 and commenced operations
on December 23, 1996 through the acquisition of The Localization Businesses of
Stream International Holdings, Inc. in France, Ireland, and The Netherlands.

   The following selected consolidated financial data reflects the combined
results of operations and financial position of Lionbridge, INT'L.com, Inc.,
which was acquired by Lionbridge on May 22, 2000, and Harvard Translations,
Inc., which was acquired by Lionbridge on May 18, 2000, restated for all
periods presented pursuant to the pooling-of-interests method of accounting.
These mergers are more fully described in Note 4 to Lionbridge's audited
consolidated financial statements included in this proxy statement/prospectus.

   The selected consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2000 and 1999
and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000 have been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Lionbridge which
are included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected
consolidated financial data for the year ended December 31, 1997 have been
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in
Lionbridge's report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 31, 2000.

   The selected consolidated financial data for the year ended December 31,
1996 combines the financial statements of The Localization Businesses of Stream
International Holdings, Inc. in Ireland, The Netherlands and France, INT'L.com,
Inc. and Harvard Translations, Inc. for this period. The results of operations
of Lionbridge for the period from inception (September 11, 1996) to December
31, 1996 are immaterial, consisting of no revenues, general and administrative
expenses of $158,000, interest expense of $1,000, and a net loss of $159,000.
As a result, Lionbridge does not present selected consolidated financial data
of Lionbridge for this period.

   The historical results presented are not necessarily indicative of future
results. You should read the data set forth below in conjunction with
Lionbridge's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements of Lionbridge
and related notes included in this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                          Year Ended December 31,
                               -------------------------------------------------
                                 2000      1999     1998     1997      1996(1)
                               --------  --------  -------  -------  -----------
                                   (In thousands, except per share data)
                                                                     (unaudited)

Consolidated Statement of
 Operations Data:
Revenue......................  $115,149  $ 88,764  $59,754  $39,443    $39,069
Cost of revenue..............    72,746    62,644   39,885   27,211     30,829
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
    Gross profit.............    42,403    26,120   19,869   12,232      8,240
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing........    11,384    10,141    5,053    2,334        --
  General and
   administrative............    33,143    29,222   16,393   12,211      7,147
  Research and development...     2,518     2,216      265      202        --
  Amortization of
   acquisition-related
   intangible assets.........     6,503     6,113    2,445    4,400        --
  Merger, restructuring and
   other charges.............     4,266     1,197      501      541        --
  Acquired in-process
   research and development..       --        300      --       --         --
  Stock-based compensation...       799       730      --       --         --
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
    Total operating
     expenses................    58,613    49,919   24,657   19,688      7,147
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
Income (loss) from
 operations..................   (16,210)  (23,799)  (4,788)  (7,456)     1,093
Interest expense:
  Interest on outstanding
   debt......................     2,523     2,349      816      156        181
  Accretion of discount on
   debt......................       212     6,009      --       --         --
Other (income) expense, net..       714       351      (69)     475         72
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
Income (loss) before income
 taxes.......................   (19,659)  (32,508)  (5,535)  (8,087)       840
Provision for (benefit from)
 income taxes................       616       699     (306)     (39)       379
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
Net income (loss)............   (20,275)  (33,207)  (5,229)  (8,048)       461
Accrued dividends on
 preferred stock.............     3,574     2,397    1,248    1,062        --
                               --------  --------  -------  -------    -------
Net income (loss)
 attributable to common
 stockholders................  $(23,849) $(35,604) $(6,477) $(9,110)   $   461
                               ========  ========  =======  =======    =======
Basic and diluted net loss
 per share attributable to
 common stockholders(2)......  $  (0.96) $  (3.08) $ (1.64) $ (3.29)
Shares used in computing
 basic and diluted net loss
 per share attributable to
 common stockholders.........    24,871    11,560    3,938    2,770

- --------
(1) Sales and marketing expenses for 1996 are included in general and
    administrative expenses.
(2) See Note 2 to Lionbridge's consolidated financial statements for an
    explanation of the basis used to calculate net loss per share attributable
    to common stockholders.

                                                 December 31,
                                   -------------------------------------------
                                    2000    1999      1998     1997     1996
                                   ------- -------  --------  -------  -------
                                                (In thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents......... $16,741 $12,350  $  1,199  $ 1,476  $ 1,934
Working capital (deficit).........   4,235  (1,660)   (4,403)    (350)   5,006
Total assets......................  62,046  60,695    34,591   23,295   32,422
Long-term debt, less current
 portion..........................  13,265  15,472     3,703      209      169
Capital lease obligations, less
 current portion..................     114     307       240      --       --
Redeemable preferred stock........     --   19,787    23,765   14,356   13,673
Stockholders' equity (deficit)....  11,184 (10,742)  (18,279)  (6,541)   1,783

            SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF DATA DIMENSIONS

                (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

   The following table sets forth selected financial data and other operating
information of Data Dimensions. The selected financial data in the table are
derived from Data Dimensions' consolidated financial statements. The data
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements,
related notes and other financial information of Data Dimensions included in
this proxy statement/prospectus. Revenue, income (loss) from continuing
operations, net of tax and income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax
per diluted share have been restated to reflect the reclassification of the
data center operations to discontinued operations. For more information, see
Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of Data Dimensions.

                                           Years ended December 31,
                                   -------------------------------------------
                                     2000     1999     1998    1997     1996
                                   --------  ------- -------- -------  -------

Revenue........................... $ 32,408  $90,404 $101,733 $53,066  $21,776
Income (loss) from continuing
 operations, net of tax...........  (11,102)   1,992    7,834  (3,086)     839
Net income (loss).................   (9,476)     843    9,202  (2,873)   1,525
Income (loss) from continuing
 operations, net of tax per
 diluted share....................    (0.82)    0.14     0.58   (0.24)    0.07
Net income (loss) per diluted
 share............................    (0.70)    0.06     0.69   (0.22)    0.13
Total assets......................   23,135   39,638   51,937  34,713   25,074
Working capital...................   15,148   22,604   19,363  10,485   15,728
Long term debt, net of current
 portion..........................      --       --       --      491      761

            SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA OF
                         LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS

   The selected unaudited pro forma combined financial information should be
read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related
notes thereto of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions which are presented in this
proxy statement/prospectus. For more information, see "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 105. The selected unaudited pro forma combined balance
sheet data gives effect to the acquisition as if it had occurred on December
31, 2000 and includes all material pro forma adjustments necessary for this
purpose. The selected unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations data
combines Lionbridge's operating results for the year ended December 31, 2000
with the operating results of Data Dimensions for the same period. The selected
unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations data gives effect to the
acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2000 and includes all material
pro forma adjustments necessary for this purpose.

   The unaudited selected combined financial data is presented for illustrative
purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or
financial position that would have been achieved if the acquisition had been
consummated as of the beginning of the period presented, nor is it necessarily
indicative of the future operating results or financial position of the
combined company.

                                                        Year Ended December 31,

                                                        -----------------------
                                                         (in thousands, except
                                                            per share data)

Combined Statement of Operations Data:
  Revenue..............................................        $147,557
  Loss from continuing operations......................         (28,820)
  Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to
   common stockholders from continuing operations (1)..           (1.18)

                                                           December 31, 2000
                                                        -----------------------
                                                            (in thousands)

Combined Balance Sheet Data:
  Cash and cash equivalents............................        $ 18,851
  Working capital......................................          18,883
  Total assets.........................................          82,229
  Long-term debt, less current portion.................          13,265
  Capital lease obligations, less current portion......             114
  Stockholders' equity.................................          24,436

- --------

(1)  The unaudited pro forma combined per share data is based on the Data
    Dimensions stockholders receiving 0.190884 of a share of Lionbridge common
    stock for each share of Data Dimensions common stock held.

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

                                                        Lionbridge and
                                                        Data Dimensions Data Dimensions
                                                           Unaudited      Equivalent
                           Lionbridge   Data Dimensions    Pro Forma     Unaudited Pro
Year Ended December 31,  Historical Per Historical Per   Combined Per   Forma Per Share
2000:                      Share Data     Share Data     Share Data(1)      Data(1)
- ------------------------ -------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------

Basic and diluted net
 loss per share
 attributable to common
 stockholders
 from continuing
 operations ............     $(0.96)        $(0.82)         $(1.18)         $(0.23)
Cash dividends per
 common share...........        --             --              --              --
Book value per common
 share..................       0.41           1.38            0.81            0.15

- --------
(1) The Data Dimensions unaudited pro forma combined per share data are based
    on Data Dimensions stockholders receiving 0.190884 of a share of Lionbridge
    common stock for each share of Data Dimensions common stock held. The Data
    Dimensions equivalent unaudited pro forma per share data are calculated by
    multiplying the unaudited pro forma combined per share data by 0.190884.

                      COMPARATIVE MARKET VALUE INFORMATION

   The following table sets forth:

  .  the closing sales prices per share and aggregate market value of
     Lionbridge common stock and Data Dimensions common stock on the Nasdaq
     National Market on March 8, 2001, the last trading day prior to the
     public announcement of the proposed merger, and on    , 2001, the most
     recent practicable date prior to the printing of this proxy
     statement/prospectus.

  .  the equivalent price per share and equivalent market value of Data
     Dimensions common stock, based on the exchange ratio, if the Lionbridge
     average share price during the pricing period were equal to the
     Lionbridge closing price on the Nasdaq National Market on March 8, 2001
     and on    , 2001.

                                    Lionbridge  Data Dimensions Data Dimensions
                                    Historical    Historical     Equivalent(1)
                                   ------------ --------------- ---------------

On March 8, 2001
  Closing price per common share.. $       5.66   $     0.44      $      1.08
  Market value of common
   shares(2)...................... $158,636,029   $5,966,828      $14,645,850
On       , 2001
  Closing price per common share.. $              $               $
  Market value of common
   shares(2)...................... $              $               $

- --------
  (1) The Data Dimensions equivalent data for March 8, 2001 and       , 2001,
      the most recent practicable date prior to the printing of this proxy
      statement/prospectus, corresponds to an exchange ratio of 0.190884.

  (2) Market value based on 28,027,567 and        shares of Lionbridge common
      stock and 13,560,972 and        shares of Data Dimensions common stock
      outstanding as of March 8, 2001 and       , 2001, respectively.

                  COMPARATIVE STOCK PRICES AND DIVIDEND POLICY

   Shares of Lionbridge common stock and Data Dimensions common stock are
listed on the Nasdaq National Market System under the symbols "LIOX" and
"DDIM," respectively. The following tables set forth, for the periods
indicated, the high and low sales prices of Lionbridge common stock and Data
Dimensions common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market System. The
quotations represent interdealer quotations, without adjustments for retail
mark ups, mark downs, or commissions, and may not represent actual
transactions.

Lionbridge Common Stock

                                                                  High   Low
                                                                 ------ ------

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
August 20, 1999 (date of Lionbridge's initial public offering)
 through September 30, 1999..................................... $37.38 $10.38
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 1999..........................  25.75  14.81
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
First Quarter ended March 31, 2000..............................  28.00  14.38
Second Quarter ended June 30, 2000..............................  15.81   7.25
Third Quarter ended September 30, 2000..........................  11.38   6.75
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2000..........................  10.56   2.25
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001
First Quarter ended March 31, 2001..............................   6.50   2.75
Second Quarter through   , 2001.................................    --     --

Data Dimensions Common Stock

                                                                  High   Low
                                                                 ------ ------

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
First Quarter ended March 31, 1999..............................  $9.38  $3.75
Second Quarter ended June 30, 1999..............................   4.88   2.81
Third Quarter ended September 30, 1999..........................   4.38   1.38
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 1999..........................   5.00   1.13
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
First Quarter ended March 31, 2000..............................   7.56   2.25
Second Quarter ended June 30, 2000..............................   4.44   1.66
Third Quarter ended September 30, 2000..........................   3.13   0.94
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2000..........................   1.13   0.22
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001
First Quarter ended March 31, 2001..............................   0.81   0.28
Second Quarter through   , 2001.................................    --     --

   On March 8, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement
of the proposed merger and the execution of the agreement and plan of
reorganization, Lionbridge common stock closed at $5.66 per share and Data
Dimensions common stock closed at $0.44 per share. On [      ], 2001, the most
recent practicable date prior to the printing of this proxy
statement/prospectus, Lionbridge common stock closed at $   per share and Data
Dimensions common stock closed at $   per share.

   Nasdaq notified Data Dimensions of its decision to delist Data Dimensions
common stock from the Nasdaq National Market System as of March 8, 2001.
Nasdaq's decision to delist was due to Data Dimensions' noncompliance with
Nasdaq listing standards that require Data Dimensions to maintain a minimum bid
price of $1.00 per share. On March 5, 2001, Data Dimensions requested, and was
granted, an oral hearing before the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel to
review the decision by Nasdaq. The oral hearing occurred on April 5, 2001 and a
decision is expected within two weeks of the hearing date. The request stayed
the delisting of Data

Dimensions common stock pending the decision of the Nasdaq Listing
Qualifications Panel. There is no assurance the decision by the Nasdaq Listing
Qualifications Panel will be favorable to Data Dimensions. If delisted, Data
Dimensions' stock could be traded on either the over-the-counter market or the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market.

   Data Dimensions stockholders are urged to obtain current market quotations
for Lionbridge common stock and Data Dimensions common stock prior to making
any decisions with regard to the merger and voting their shares at the special
meeting.

   Lionbridge has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock and currently
intends to retain any future earnings for use in its business. In addition, the
terms of its credit facilities with Silicon Valley Bank prohibit the payment of
cash dividends to Lionbridge by its European subsidiaries and the terms of the
subordinated notes held by Capital Resource Lenders and two Morgan Stanley
limited partnerships prohibit Lionbridge from paying any dividends to its
stockholders. Accordingly, Lionbridge does not anticipate that any cash
dividends will be declared or paid on the common stock in the foreseeable
future. Data Dimensions has not paid cash dividends on its common stock and
does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock in the
foreseeable future.

                DATA DIMENSIONS SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

General

   This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to stockholders of Data
Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as part of the solicitation of
proxies by the Data Dimensions board of directors for use at a special meeting
of stockholders of Data Dimensions to be held on June  , 2001, at 9:00 a.m.
Pacific Daylight Savings Time, at Data Dimensions' executive offices at 3535
Factoria Boulevard SE, Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor, Bellevue, Washington, and at
any adjournment or postponement of such meeting. This proxy statement/
prospectus and the proxy card are first being mailed to stockholders of Data
Dimensions on or about       , 2001.

Matters to be Considered

   The purpose of the Data Dimensions special meeting is:

     1. To approve and adopt the merger and the agreement and plan of
  reorganization, dated as of March 8, 2001, as amended, by and among
  Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Diamond Acquisition
  Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge,
  and Data Dimensions pursuant to which Diamond Acquisition Corp. will be
  merged with and into Data Dimensions, with Data Dimensions being the
  surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge;
  and

     2. To consider and act upon any other matter which may properly come
  before the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the Data
  Dimensions special meeting, including without limitation, potential
  adjournments or postponements of the Data Dimensions special meeting for
  the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in order to approve the merger
  and the agreement and plan of reorganization.

Data Dimensions Board of Directors' Recommendation

   The Data Dimensions board of directors, after careful consideration, has
approved the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization and has
determined that the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization are
fair to, and in the best interest of, Data Dimensions and its stockholders. The
Data Dimensions board of directors recommends a vote FOR the approval and
adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization.

Record Date and Voting

   Holders of record of shares of Data Dimensions common stock at the close of
business on       , 2001, referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the
record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Data Dimensions
special meeting. On the record date, there were [13,560,972] outstanding shares
of Data Dimensions common stock, each of which will be entitled to one vote.
The representation, in person or by properly executed proxy, of the holders of
a majority of all the shares of common stock entitled to vote at the Data
Dimensions special meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at the Data
Dimensions special meeting. If you sign and send in your proxy card and do not
indicate how you want to vote, it will be voted in favor of approval of the
merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization.

   Under Delaware law, the charter documents of Data Dimensions and the
applicable rules of the Nasdaq National Market, approval of the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of
Data Dimensions common stock on the record date.

   If a quorum is present at the special meeting, the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Data Dimensions common stock outstanding
is required for the approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and
plan of reorganization. Shares of Data Dimensions common stock represented in
person or by

proxy will be counted for the purposes of determining whether a quorum is
present at the Data Dimensions special meeting. Abstentions from voting
identified as such on the proxy card and broker non-votes are treated as
present or represented for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a
quorum at the special meeting. Brokers and other "street name" nominees holding
shares for the account of the beneficial owner of shares generally may vote the
shares in their own discretion. However, brokers and nominees generally do not
have authority to vote for "non-routine" proposals without receiving voting
instructions with respect to such proposals from the beneficial owners of such
shares. The proposal to approve the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization is a "non-routine" proposal and consequently requires voting
instructions from the beneficial owner so that the shares may be voted by the
beneficial owner's broker or nominee. A "broker non-vote" will occur if a
broker or nominee does not receive instructions from the beneficial owners with
respect to the proposal to approve the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization. Accordingly, abstentions and broker non-votes will have the
same effect as votes against the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization.

   As of March 8, 2001, the directors and executive officers and 10%
stockholders of Data Dimensions and their affiliates who collectively
beneficially own approximately 18.9% of the outstanding shares of Data
Dimensions have already agreed under voting agreements to vote in favor of the
approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization. For more information, see "The Voting Agreements" on page 52.

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

   All shares of Data Dimensions common stock which are entitled to vote and
are represented at the Data Dimensions special meeting by properly executed
proxies received prior to or at such meeting, and not revoked, will be voted at
such meeting in accordance with the instructions indicated on such proxies. If
no instruction is indicated (other than broker non-votes), such proxies will be
voted FOR approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization.

   The Data Dimensions board of directors does not know of any matters other
than those described in the Notice of the Data Dimensions special meeting that
are to come before such meeting. If any other matters are properly presented at
the Data Dimensions special meeting for consideration, including, among other
things, consideration of a motion to adjourn or postpone such meeting to
another time and/or place (including, without limitation, for the purposes of
soliciting additional proxies or allowing additional time for the satisfaction
of conditions to the merger), the persons named in the enclosed proxy card and
acting thereunder generally will have discretion to vote on such matters in
accordance with their best judgment.

   Any proxy given pursuant to the solicitation may be revoked by the person
giving it at any time before it is voted. Proxies may be revoked by (i) filing
with the Secretary of Data Dimensions, at or before the taking of a vote at the
Data Dimensions special meeting, a written notice of revocation bearing a later
date then the proxy, (ii) duly executing a later dated proxy relating to the
same shares and delivering it to the Secretary of Data Dimensions before the
taking of the vote at the Data Dimensions special meeting, or (iii) attending
the Data Dimensions special meeting and voting in person (although attendance
at the Data Dimensions special meeting will not in and of itself constitute a
revocation of a proxy). Any written notice of revocation or subsequent proxy
should be sent to Data Dimensions, Inc., 3535 Factoria Boulevard SE, Sterling
Plaza, 3rd Floor, Bellevue, Washington 98006, Attn: Secretary, or hand-
delivered to the Secretary of Data Dimensions at or before the taking of the
vote at the Data Dimensions special meeting. Stockholders that have instructed
a broker to vote their shares must follow directions received from such broker
in order to change their vote or to vote at the Data Dimensions special
meeting.

   All expenses of Data Dimensions' solicitation of proxies for the Data
Dimensions special meeting will be borne by Data Dimensions. In addition to
solicitation by use of the mails, proxies may be solicited from Data Dimensions
stockholders by directors, officers and employees of Data Dimensions in person
or by telephone, facsimile or other means of communication. Such directors,
officers and employees will not be additionally compensated, but may be
reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such

solicitation. Arrangements will also be made with brokerage houses, custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries for forwarding of proxy solicitation materials to
beneficial owners of shares held of record by such brokerage houses,
custodians, nominees and fiduciaries, and Data Dimensions will reimburse such
brokerage houses, custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable
expenses incurred in connection therewith. In addition to this solicitation,
Data Dimensions has retained Mellon Investor Services LLC to assist in the
distribution and solicitation of proxies. Data Dimensions will pay Mellon
Investor Services LLC a fee of $7,500, plus $5.00 for each telephone
solicitation, plus expenses for these services.

                                   THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   On September 26, 2000, the board of directors of Data Dimensions retained
Updata Capital, an investment banking firm, to act as its financial advisor in
connection with evaluating strategic alternatives, including, but not limited
to, a sale or merger of Data Dimensions, a sale of one or more of its then
three business units, or a recapitalization of Data Dimensions and assisting
Data Dimensions management in the consummation of strategic alternatives
approved by its board of directors.

   At a meeting of the Data Dimensions board of directors on October 16, 2000,
after performing due diligence regarding Data Dimensions, Updata Capital
provided the Data Dimensions board of directors with a preliminary assessment
of various strategic alternatives available to Data Dimensions, including
actions to improve Data Dimensions' financial position and operations, possible
sales of business units and the sale of the entire company. Updata Capital also
provided the Data Dimensions board of directors with information about
financial market conditions, valuations in the information technology services
sector and a plan for evaluating the feasibility and merits of potential
transactions related to divestitures, acquisitions and a recapitalization. At
this meeting, the Data Dimensions board authorized Updata Capital to contact
parties potentially interested in considering transactions involving Data
Dimensions' business units.

   From mid October to early November, Updata Capital, with assistance from
Data Dimensions, management, prepared memoranda describing each business unit
and developed a list of potential acquirers of each business unit and Data
Dimensions as a whole. Shortly thereafter, Updata Capital began contacting
potentially interested parties. Lionbridge was among the entities contacted by
Updata Capital.

   Lionbridge regularly reviews private and public companies which it may
acquire to further its objectives in the globalization services market. On
November 16, 2000, Don More, Senior Vice President of Updata Capital, called
Stephen J. Lifshatz, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of Lionbridge, to inform him that he represented a company that was
potentially looking for a strategic buyer for one or more of its business
units. Mr. Lifshatz indicated Lionbridge's interest in learning more about the
company represented by Updata Capital, and Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
executed a confidentiality agreement on November 17, 2000 in order to receive
from Updata Capital a confidential offering memorandum relating to Data
Dimensions.

   Upon receipt of the confidential offering memorandum on November 21, 2000,
Mr. Lifshatz, along with Rory J. Cowan, the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Lionbridge, commenced internal company discussions regarding the
possibility of a strategic combination with Data Dimensions and the various
structures of a combination. In addition, Lionbridge commenced initial,
internal due diligence activities through an analysis of publicly available
materials.

   On November 29, 2001, Updata Capital arranged an introductory telephone
conference for executives of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge to describe the
business and operations of each company. Mr. Cowan, Peter A. Allen, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Data Dimensions, Laurence C. Leslie, Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Data Dimensions, and Jim
McLendon, Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Development of Data
Dimensions, participated in this telephone conference.

   On December 7, 2000, Mr. Lifshatz had a telephone conversation with Mr. More
to request additional information about Data Dimensions in order for Lionbridge
to submit an indication of interest. In addition, during the first two weeks of
December 2000, Mr. Cowan and Mr. Allen had additional telephone conversations
regarding the possibility of a strategic combination of the companies.

   On December 12, 2000, at a regular meeting of the board of directors of Data
Dimensions, Updata Capital reviewed Data Dimensions' strategic alternatives and
updated market valuation data, and discussed the status of its canvassing
effort. At this meeting, Data Dimensions' board of directors, together with
senior management of

Data Dimensions, Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert & Barer, Data Dimensions'
outside legal counsel, held an extensive discussion regarding the relative
merits and risks of a sale of Data Dimensions' business units and/or a sale of
the entire company. Garvey, Schubert & Barer outlined the directors' legal
duties and responsibilities in connection with considering these transactions.
The board of directors authorized Updata Capital to continue its efforts and
reviewed a timetable for Updata Capital to solicit indications of interest from
parties interested in such a transaction.

   On January 8, 2001, Mr. Cowan and Roger Jeanty, Lionbridge's President, met
with Messrs. Allen, McLendon, and Leslie, at Data Dimensions' headquarters in
Bellevue, Washington. At this meeting, the parties discussed various aspects of
Data Dimensions' business, including its financial condition and business
prospects, its technological capabilities, and an assessment of Data
Dimensions' personnel. The parties also discussed the potential synergies of a
strategic combination of the companies.

   Following the January 8 meeting, the parties continued telephone
conversations and, at the request of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions sent
additional due diligence materials to Lionbridge. During the weeks beginning
January 8 and January 15, 2001, Lionbridge received additional information from
Data Dimensions.

   On January 16, 2001, Mr. Lifshatz had a telephone conference with Messrs.
Allen, McLendon and Leslie, during which the Data Dimensions executives
presented a detailed overview of the Data Dimensions business. On January 25,
2001, Mr. Lifshatz and Boris Zverev, Lionbridge's Manager of Financial Planning
and Analysis, had a subsequent telephone conference with Messrs. Allen,
McLendon and Leslie during which Data Dimensions' financial projections for the
first quarter of 2001 and fiscal year 2001 were discussed.

   On January 30, 2001, Mr. Cowan sent Mr. Allen a letter outlining some of the
benefits and synergies that could result from a combination of the two
companies. Following up on this letter, on January 31, 2001, Lionbridge
provided Data Dimensions and Updata Capital with a formal indication of
interest in a merger with Data Dimensions.

   On the evening of January 31, 2001, during a dinner meeting in Boston,
Massachusetts, Mr. Cowan informed the board of directors of Lionbridge's
discussions with Data Dimensions and the potential of a strategic combination.

   On February 1, 2001, the Lionbridge board of directors met in a regularly
scheduled meeting during which Messrs. Cowan and Lifshatz discussed the results
of their due diligence investigations of Data Dimensions, and various methods
by which Lionbridge might effect a strategic combination with Data Dimensions.
The board of directors authorized its executive officers to proceed with
negotiations with Data Dimensions subject to its review of the proposed
definitive terms of a strategic combination with Data Dimensions.

   On February 1, 2001, the Data Dimensions board of directors held a special
meeting at which Updata Capital and Data Dimensions' management reported on
indications of interest from various parties, including Lionbridge. In
addition, the board, Updata Capital and Data Dimensions' management reviewed
the status of discussions with other parties and alternatives to a sale, as
well as the timing, risk and other issues associated with each alternative
available to Data Dimensions. Updata Capital provided the board of directors
with information about the business and management of Lionbridge. Mr. Allen
reviewed his meeting of January 8 with Mr. Cowan and Mr. Jeanty. After
discussion, the board of directors of Data Dimensions requested Updata Capital
to continue negotiations with Lionbridge to improve the terms of Lionbridge's
indication of interest while also maintaining communications with the other
interested parties.

   On February 5, 2001, Mr. Lifshatz, together with Cindy Rinchich,
Lionbridge's Controller of VeriTest operations, had a telephone conversation
with Mr. Leslie to further discuss Data Dimensions' financial information. On
February 6, 2001, Data Dimensions provided Lionbridge with data regarding its
significant stockholders as well as a detailed budget for Data Dimensions.

   During the weeks of February 5 and February 12, 2001, Lionbridge, Data
Dimensions and Updata Capital had numerous discussions with respect to the
principal terms that an acquisition could take.

   On February 9, 2001, the board of directors of Data Dimensions held a
special meeting to review the status of discussions with Lionbridge and to
consider the status of the other indications of interest and strategic
alternatives available to Data Dimensions. Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert
& Barer reviewed changes to Lionbridge's proposal from the prior meeting.
Management and Updata Capital provided background information on the parties'
discussions and outlined the benefits and risks of a proposed merger with
Lionbridge. Updata Capital provided the board of directors with information
concerning the business, management and financial condition of Lionbridge.
Representatives of Updata Capital and Garvey, Schubert & Barer reviewed and
discussed with the Data Dimensions board of directors the material items
included in the revised proposal presented by Lionbridge. In particular, the
Data Dimensions board of directors reviewed the proposed termination fee,
agreement not to entertain alternative proposals and the fixed exchange ratio.
Management and Updata Capital also reviewed the status of the other indications
of interest and strategic alternatives available to Data Dimensions. After a
discussion of the terms proposed by Lionbridge, the Data Dimensions board of
directors authorized management of Data Dimensions and Updata Capital to
continue discussions with Lionbridge and to conduct due diligence to determine
the merits and terms of an agreement and plan of reorganization.

   On February 20, 2001, Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP, outside legal counsel
to Lionbridge, delivered a draft agreement and plan of reorganization to Data
Dimensions and its financial and legal advisors. On February 22, 2001, Testa,
Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP delivered a draft of the voting agreement and the
stock option agreement to Data Dimensions and its financial and legal advisors.

   Between February 20 and February 23, 2001, a due diligence team from
Lionbridge met with Data Dimensions management for due diligence discussions at
the offices of Garvey, Schubert & Barer in Seattle, Washington. At these
meetings, the companies discussed, among other things, the companies'
accounting and other policies, operational issues associated with a potential
business combination and opportunities for the combined entity. In addition,
Mr. Cowan met with Mr. Allen to discuss the business of each entity and the
strategic benefits of a combination in more detail. Mr. Allen and Updata
Capital also met with Larry Martin, the owner of approximately 14.65% of Data
Dimensions' outstanding stock, to describe the potential combination between
the two companies. Mr. Martin executed a nondisclosure agreement governing
these discussions.

   From February 20 through March 8, 2001, Lionbridge and Data Dimensions and
the respective financial and legal advisors for Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
continued their respective business, legal, accounting and financial due
diligence and negotiated the terms of the agreement and the plan of
reorganization and related documents. Mr. Leslie met with Mr. Lifshatz and
James Bampos, Lionbridge's Senior Vice President, Worldwide Testing Services
and General Manager of VeriTest, at Lionbridge's headquarters in Waltham,
Massachusetts on March 3, 2001 to review Lionbridge's financial condition,
business and prospects, and visited a Lionbridge facility at that time. Also,
as part of Data Dimensions' due diligence, on February 26 and 27, 2001,
representatives of Updata Capital met with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Lifshatz and Mr.
Bampos at Lionbridge's headquarters.

   On March 7, 2001, at a special meeting of the board of directors of Data
Dimensions, the management of Data Dimensions reported on the business terms of
the proposed merger, the results of due diligence and business integration
issues. Garvey, Schubert & Barer reviewed the material terms of the proposed
transaction, the agreement and plan of reorganization and related agreements
and further advised the board of directors of its fiduciary duties. In
particular, the Data Dimensions board of directors reviewed the proposed
termination fee, agreement not to entertain alternative transactions and
termination rights, as well as other terms. Representatives of Updata Capital
made a presentation to the Data Dimensions board of directors regarding its due
diligence review of Lionbridge, the financial analyses Updata Capital and Data
Dimensions management had performed regarding Data Dimensions, Lionbridge and
the merger, and various considerations relating

to the merger. Updata Capital rendered an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed
by delivery to the Data Dimensions board of directors of a written opinion
dated March 8, 2001, that, as of that date, the conversion ratio provided in
the agreement and plan of reorganization was fair to Data Dimensions
stockholders from a financial point of view. The members of Data Dimensions'
board of directors present at the special meeting unanimously approved the
final terms of the merger. One member of the Data Dimensions board of directors
was unable to attend due to a family emergency, but all other directors were in
attendance. In light of the prior discussions and meetings of the board of
directors and the presentations and the discussions at the current meeting, the
board of directors determined that the transactions contemplated by the
agreement and plan of reorganization and related documents were in the best
interests of Data Dimensions and its stockholders, approved the merger and the
agreement and plan of reorganization and related agreements and determined to
recommend that Data Dimensions' stockholders vote to approve the proposed
transaction.

   On March 8, 2001, at a special meeting of the Lionbridge board of directors,
Lionbridge management reported on the status of the merger discussions with
Data Dimensions, and the Lionbridge board of directors discussed various issues
relating to the proposed business combination. The board of directors
considered and voted upon the proposed agreement and plan of reorganization and
related transactions. At that meeting, Mr. Cowan presented an overview of the
transaction and Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP made a presentation regarding
the significant terms of the proposed merger and the agreement and plan of
reorganization. Following these presentations and further discussion, the
Lionbridge board of directors approved the execution of the agreement and plan
of reorganization and related agreements.

   The final agreement was signed after the Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
board of directors meetings and a joint press release announcing the proposed
acquisition was issued on March 8, 2001.

Lionbridge's Reasons for the Merger

   The Lionbridge board of directors believes that the combined company will
have potential for greater market share and growth in the outsourced testing
services industry than either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions would have on its
own. The Lionbridge board of directors identified a number of potential
benefits to the merger which it believes could contribute to the success of the
combined company and thus benefit Lionbridge stockholders, including the
following:

  .  The merger will enhance the opportunity for Lionbridge to realize its
     strategic objectives of expanding its market share and increasing its
     ability to compete effectively as a provider of comprehensive outsourced
     testing services to the global technology industry;

  .  Through the merger, Lionbridge will acquire or enhance its ability to
     provide software testing, quality assurance consulting services, on-site
     training for test planning, and application development and maintenance
     services, and thus provide a broader range and expanded scope of testing
     and service offerings to its customers;

  .  The combination of Lionbridge's globalization services with Data
     Dimensions' testing, consulting, and applications maintenance services
     will enable Lionbridge to provide an integrated and comprehensive
     testing, certification and globalization solution for its customers;

  .  Acquiring Data Dimensions will allow Lionbridge to increase its testing
     labs from five to a total of 10, with six labs in the United States and
     four labs outside of the United States, and thereby increase its ability
     to rapidly and efficiently meet the needs of its global customers; and

  .  The combined businesses will bring Lionbridge additional geographic
     coverage, management depth, technical and project management resources
     to Lionbridge to address larger and more varied client projects, and
     economies of scale.

  .  The combined businesses will enhance Lionbridge's technical testing
     staff by adding additional personnel with testing expertise and
     experience.

   Lionbridge's board of directors also considered the following when assessing
the transaction:

  .  Historical information concerning the business operations, positions and
     results of operations, technology and management style, competitive
     position, industry trends and prospects of Data Dimensions and
     Lionbridge;

  .  Information contained in SEC filings by Data Dimensions;

  .  Current and historical market prices, volatility and trading data from
     the two companies;

  .  Information and advice based on due diligence investigations by members
     of management and Lionbridge's legal, financial and accounting advisors
     concerning the business, business trends, technology, services,
     operations, properties, assets, financial condition, operating results
     and prospects of Data Dimensions, and the expertise and capabilities of
     Data Dimensions' management team; and

  .  Data on companies comparable to Data Dimensions and other financial
     analyses.

   Except as outlined above, Lionbridge's board of directors did not find it
practicable to quantify, analyze or assign relative weights to each individual
factor to reach its determination. Individual members of Lionbridge's board of
directors may have assigned different relative weights or conclusions to each
factor affecting the board's determination.

Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Data Dimensions; Data Dimensions'
Reasons for the Merger

   DATA DIMENSIONS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE MERGER AND THE
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY
AND BELIEVES THE TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF,
DATA DIMENSIONS AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DATA DIMENSIONS
RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AND THE AGREEMENT
AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.

   Data Dimensions' board of directors believes that the merger with Lionbridge
will create a combined company with greater financial resources and business
opportunities than Data Dimensions would likely be able to achieve alone. Data
Dimensions' board of directors has considered several alternative means to
enhance stockholder value, including other potential business combinations, the
restructuring and/or sale of individual business units, as well as the sale of
the entire company. After consultation with Updata Capital, Data Dimensions'
financial advisor, and executive management of Data Dimensions, Data
Dimensions' board of directors concluded that the terms of the agreement and
plan of reorganization were fair to, and in the best interests of, Data
Dimensions and its stockholders.

   Data Dimensions' board of directors reviewed with its financial and legal
advisors the following additional material factors in reaching its conclusion:

  .  The merger affords the new combined company the opportunity to create
     one of the largest application testing services businesses and enables
     it to offer its customers a broader array of products and services from
     more locations;

  .  The merger has the potential to create a company with greater critical
     mass that is better positioned to compete for business opportunities and
     participate in industry growth;

  .  The potential cost synergies offered by the merger through consolidation
     and integration of certain operations and functions;

  .  The merger may provide Data Dimensions' stockholders with an opportunity
     to receive a premium over the market price for their Data Dimensions
     common stock immediately prior to the merger. However, this premium is
     subject to fluctuations in the price of Lionbridge common stock. For
     more information, see "Comparative Stock Prices and Dividend Policy" on
     page 23;

  .  The expectation that the merger will qualify as a tax-free
     reorganization under federal tax law;

  .  The presentation by Updata Capital to Data Dimensions' board of
     directors, as well as Updata Capital's fairness opinion dated March 8,
     2001, stating that, as of that date, the conversion ratio is fair to
     Data Dimensions stockholders;

  .  Increased liquidity for Data Dimensions stockholders through continued
     listing of Lionbridge common stock on the Nasdaq National Market; and

  .  The merger will provide Data Dimensions stockholders with the
     opportunity to share in the combined company's long-term growth.

   In addition to the factors set forth above, Data Dimensions' board of
directors reviewed and considered a wide range of information relevant to the
merger, including:

  .  Information concerning Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's respective
     businesses, historical financial performance and condition, operations,
     technology, products, customers, competitive positions, prospects and
     management;

  .  Reports from management and financial advisors as to the results of
     their due diligence investigation of Lionbridge;

  .  Estimates of future financial results of the two companies illustrating
     the potential financial results of the combined company;

  .  The view of Data Dimensions' management and board as to the long-term
     opportunities and prospects of Data Dimensions as an independent entity
     and of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge as a combined company; and

  .  The belief that the terms of the agreement and plan of reorganization,
     including the parties' representations, warranties and covenants, and
     the conditions to their respective obligations, are reasonable.

   Data Dimensions' board of directors also considered the following
potentially negative factors:

  .  The risk of establishing a fixed conversion ratio;

  .  The loss of control over Data Dimensions' future operations following
     the merger;

  .  Under the terms of the agreement and plan of reorganization, Data
     Dimensions cannot solicit other proposals regarding business
     combinations and must pay a termination fee of $600,000 under certain
     circumstances and be subject to dilution relating to the stock option
     granted to Lionbridge. For more information, see "The Agreement and Plan
     of Reorganization--Termination; Fees and Expenses" and "The Stock Option
     Agreement" on pages 50 and 52, respectively, of this proxy
     statement/prospectus;

  .  Both companies have had negative earnings per share and negative cash
     flow, and the combined company would have significant liquidity
     requirements. For more information, see "Description of Lionbridge--
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
     of Operations" on page 61 of this proxy statement/prospectus;

  .  The risk that the combined company might not realize the anticipated
     cost savings and revenue synergies; and

  .  The other risks described under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of
     this proxy statement/prospectus.

   In light of the extensive variety of factors, both positive and negative,
considered by Data Dimensions' board of directors, the board did not find it
practical to quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific
factors considered in making its determination. However, after taking into
account all of the factors set forth above, Data Dimensions' board of directors
agreed that the merger is fair to, and in the best interests of, Data
Dimensions and its stockholders.

Opinion of Data Dimensions' Financial Advisor

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated September 25, 2000, Data Dimensions
engaged Updata Capital to act as its financial advisor in connection with
evaluating strategic alternatives, including but not limited to a sale or
merger of Data Dimensions, a sale of one or more of its then three business
units, or a recapitalization of Data Dimensions, and assisting Data Dimensions
senior management in the consummation of strategic alternatives approved by the
Data Dimensions board of directors. Updata Capital, as part of its investment
banking services, is regularly engaged in the valuation of information
technology companies and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions and other strategic transactions. Data Dimensions' board of
directors selected Updata Capital based on its qualifications, expertise and
experience with regard to the information technology industry.

   On March 7, 2001, Updata Capital rendered its oral opinion, confirmed by
delivery of a written opinion dated March 8, 2001 to the Data Dimensions board
of directors that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to the
assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth in such opinion, the
conversion ratio to be used to determine the number of shares of Lionbridge
common stock to be received by the Data Dimensions stockholders in the merger
is fair to the Data Dimensions stockholders from a financial point of view. The
full text of the written opinion of Updata Capital addressed to the board of
directors is attached as Annex D to the proxy statement/prospectus and should
be read carefully and in its entirety by Data Dimensions stockholders.

   In rendering its opinion, Updata Capital, among other things:

  .  reviewed advanced drafts of the agreement and plan of reorganization,
     the voting agreements and the stock option agreement, and based its
     opinion on the understanding that the terms and conditions of these
     agreements would not materially change;

  .  reviewed Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's respective historical and
     projected financial statements and operating information;

  .  participated in discussions with selected senior management of Data
     Dimensions and Lionbridge concerning the operations, business strategy,
     financial performance and prospects of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge;

  .  reviewed recent reported closing prices and trading activity for Data
     Dimensions and Lionbridge common stock;

  .  compared certain aspects of the financial and market performance of Data
     Dimensions and Lionbridge with public companies deemed comparable in
     whole or in part;

  .  analyzed available information, both public and private, concerning
     other mergers and acquisitions comparable in whole or in part to the
     merger;

  .  reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
     information of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge, and Data Dimensions'
     unaudited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
     2000;

  .  assessed, based on discussions with Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's
     senior management, the strategic rationale for the merger;

  .  participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
     Data Dimensions and Lionbridge and their legal advisors; and

  .  conducted other financial studies, analyses and investigations as Updata
     Capital deemed appropriate for purposes of the opinion.

   Updata Capital relied, without independent verification, on the accuracy and
completeness of all the financial and other information, including without
limitation the representations and warranties contained in the

agreement and plan of reorganization, that was publicly available or furnished
to it by Data Dimensions or Lionbridge. With respect to financial projections,
Updata Capital assumed that they were reasonably prepared and reflected the
best available estimates and good faith judgments of company management as to
the future performance of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge. Analyses based upon
projections of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future
results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by
these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty,
being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties
or their respective advisors, none of Data Dimensions, Updata Capital or any
other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different
from those projected. Updata Capital has neither made nor obtained an
independent appraisal or valuation of any of Data Dimensions' assets.

   The opinion provided by Updata Capital speaks only as of March 8, 2001 and
does not constitute a recommendation to any of Data Dimensions' stockholders,
nor should it relied upon as such, as to how such stockholder should vote on
the merger. In its opinion, Updata Capital assumed that the merger will be
treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of
1986.

   In connection with preparing and rendering its opinion, Updata Capital
performed a variety of valuation, financial and comparative analyses. The
summary of the material analyses set forth below does not purport to be a
complete description. The summary of the opinion of Updata Capital set forth in
this proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the opinion set forth in Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process not necessarily susceptible to summary description. Selecting portions
of the analyses or of the summary, without considering the analysis as a whole,
could create an incomplete view of Updata Capital's process for arriving at its
opinion.

   Updata Capital's opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic,
financial and other conditions as they existed and can be evaluated as of the
date of the opinion and any subsequent change in such conditions would require
a reevaluation of such opinion. Although subsequent developments may affect its
opinion, Updata Capital has assumed no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm
it.

   The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Updata Capital in connection with providing its opinion to the
Data Dimensions board of directors.

   Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Companies. This analysis reviews Data
Dimensions' operating performance and outlook relative to a group of peer
companies to determine an implied value. Using published estimates, Updata
Capital used multiples of Net Enterprise Value over calendar year 2000,
calendar year 2001 and run-rate revenues and EBIT, which means earnings before
interest and taxes, in its analysis. Net Enterprise Value represents a
company's current stock price multiplied by its diluted shares outstanding,
plus debt and preferred stock, minus cash and cash equivalents on the most
recent publicly available balance sheet. Run rate results are derived by
annualizing the most recent reported quarter.

   Updata Capital analyzed comparable public companies to Data Dimensions in
two ways: (1) on a consolidated basis by using a universe of selected
information technology services firms offering a range of services, some of
which overlap with Data Dimensions; and (2) on a business line basis by
creating a separate universe of companies with operations comparable in whole
or in part to each of Data Dimensions' two business units--Testing and Quality
Assurance, and Applications Development and Maintenance--and adding together
the implied valuations of each of these units to get an implied valuation for
Data Dimensions in its entirety. Updata Capital used closing per share prices
as of March 2, 2001 in its calculations, and discounted trading multiples to
reflect liquidity and certain risk factors and limitations associated with the
Data Dimensions businesses.

   The publicly traded information technology services companies selected as
comparables to Data Dimensions on a consolidated basis consisted of: Cambridge
Technology Partners, Inc.; Covansys; Computer Horizons Corp.; Computer Task
Group, Inc.; Keane, Inc.; Information Analysis Inc.; iGATE Capital Corp.;

Peritus Software Service, Inc.; Syntel, Inc.; and TSR, Inc. The publicly traded
companies selected as comparables for Data Dimensions' Testing and Quality
Assurance business unit consisted of: Compuware Corp.; Keynote Systems, Inc.;
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.; Mercury Interactive Corp.; Rational Software
Corp.; Segue Software, Inc.; and Empirix. The publicly traded companies
selected as comparables for Data Dimensions' Applications Development and
Maintenance business unit consisted of: Affiliated Computer Systems, Inc.;
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp.; Covansys; Computer Horizons Corp.;
Computer Task Group, Inc.; iGATE Capital Corp.; IMRglobal Corp.; Keane, Inc.;
and Syntel, Inc.

   Updata Capital determined discounted mean and median revenue and EBIT
trading multiples for these companies, excluding outliers, not meaningful and
not available data. Although Updata Capital reviewed EBIT multiples, implied
valuations presented to the Data Dimensions board of directors focused on
revenue multiples because Data Dimensions generated negative EBIT in 2000 and
management forecasts relating to Data Dimensions also projected negative EBIT
in 2001; further, most of the public comparables either had negative or minimal
EBIT, or projections were not publicly available. Mean and median Net
Enterprise Value/revenue multiples for the companies deemed comparable to Data
Dimensions on a consolidated basis resulted in a range of implied value per
Data Dimensions share of $0.57 to $0.98. Mean and median Net Enterprise
Value/revenue multiples for the companies deemed comparable to each of Data
Dimensions' two business units yielded aggregate implied Data Dimensions per
share valuations ranging from $1.13 to $1.53. Note that this latter valuation
range assumes no tax liability from a divisional asset sale, which could
substantially reduce the implied per share value on a post corporate tax basis.

   Analysis of Selected Transactions. Updata Capital reviewed selected public
and private acquisitions of information technology testing and quality
assurance companies, and of application development and maintenance companies.
For each transaction, Updata Capital calculated multiples at closing based on
transaction value, which is equivalent to Net Enterprise Value, over last 12
month, or LTM, revenues and LTM EBIT, where data was available and meaningful.

   Acquisitions included by Updata Capital and for which data was available in
the information technology testing and quality assurance sector were: Keynote
System Inc.'s acquisition of Velogic, Inc. in May 2000; Exodus Communications,
Inc.'s acquisition of Keylabs, Inc. in February 2000; Exodus Communications,
Inc.'s acquisition of Service Metrics Inc. in November 1999; Lionbridge
Technologies Inc.'s acquisition of VeriTest in January 1999; Segue Software,
Inc.'s acquisition of Black & White Software, Inc. in December 1998; and
Rational Software Corp.'s acquisition of Performance Awareness Corp. in March
1997. Acquisitions included by Updata Capital and for which data was available
in the application development and maintenance sector were: Silverline
Technologies Ltd.'s acquisition of SeraNova, Inc. in February 2001; NCR Corp.'s
acquisition of 4Front Technologies Inc. in August 2000; Titan Corp.'s
acquisition of AverStar, Inc. in June 2000; FinTech Services Ltd.'s acquisition
of Saltus Technology in June 2000; Leapnet Inc.'s acquisition of SPR Inc. in
May 2000; SI International Inc.'s acquisition of System Technology Associates
in March 2000; IMRglobal Corp.'s acquisition of Neverdahl-Loft & Associates in
December 1999; Computer Associates International, Inc.'s acquisition of
Computer Management Sciences, Inc. in March 1999; and Complete Business
Solutions, Inc.'s acquisition of Costello & Associates, Inc. in January 1998.

   It should be noted that none of the precedent transactions are identical to
the Lionbridge-Data Dimensions merger and that, therefore, there are numerous
factors that may have impacted the resulting transaction multiples that would
affect the implied valuation of Data Dimensions.

   Although Updata Capital reviewed EBIT multiples where available, implied
valuations were presented to the Data Dimensions board based upon transaction
value/LTM revenue multiples because Data Dimensions generated negative EBIT in
2000; further, most of the acquisition comparables reviewed either had negative
EBIT or EBIT data that was not publicly available. Applying mean and median
revenue multiples based upon the transactions analyzed for each of Data
Dimensions' two business units and aggregating those implied valuations
resulted in an implied value per share of Data Dimensions of $1.68. Note that
this implied valuation

assumes no tax liability from a divisional asset sale, which could
substantially reduce the implied per share value on a post corporate tax basis.

   Analysis of Premiums Paid in Selected Transactions. Updata Capital reviewed
premiums paid in 17 mergers and acquisitions of publicly traded information
technology services companies at one day and thirty days prior to the
announcement of such transactions. The median premiums paid over target's stock
price one day and 30 days prior to announcement were, in both cases, 35%. The
average premiums paid over target's stock price one day and 30 days prior to
announcement were 37% and 44%, respectively. As of March 2, 2001, these mean
and median premiums implied a per share valuation range for Data Dimensions of
$0.55 to $0.91 per share.

   Other Analyses. Updata Capital conducted such other analyses as it deemed
necessary, including: performing a relative contribution analysis based upon
each of Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's financial profiles and pro forma
equity stake of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge stockholders in the combined
entity; analyzing selected research reports related to industry sectors in
which Data Dimensions and Lionbridge participate; and reviewing the stock price
performance of Data Dimensions, Lionbridge and other relevant publicly traded
companies.

   Pursuant to its engagement letter with Updata Capital, Data Dimensions has
agreed to pay Updata Capital a fee, upon consummation of an acquisition of Data
Dimensions or of any Data Dimensions business unit by any party, of 4% of the
first ten million dollars of consideration paid in any such transaction, 2% of
the next forty million dollars of consideration and 1% of all consideration
above fifty million dollars, with a minimum fee of $400,000. In addition, the
letter provides for payment to Updata Capital of a fairness opinion fee of
$200,000. The engagement letter also provides that Data Dimensions will
reimburse Updata Capital for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will
indemnify Updata Capital and certain related persons against certain
liabilities arising out of its engagement. Updata Capital also received a fee
of $400,000 in connection with the sale of Data Dimensions Information
Services, a subsidiary of Data Dimensions, on December 28, 2000.

Important United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
generally applicable to U.S. holders of Data Dimensions common stock who,
pursuant to the merger, exchange their shares of Data Dimensions common stock
for Lionbridge common stock. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative
interpretations and court decisions as in effect as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive
effect.

   This discussion only addresses shares of Data Dimensions common stock held
as capital assets. It does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income
taxation that may be important to a Data Dimensions stockholder in light of
that stockholder's particular circumstances or to a Data Dimensions stockholder
subject to special rules, such as:

  .  a stockholder who is not a citizen or resident of the U.S.;

  .  a financial institution or insurance company;

  .  a tax-exempt organization;

  .  a dealer or broker in securities;

  .  a stockholder that holds Data Dimensions common stock as part of a
     hedge, appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion
     transaction; or

  .  a stockholder who acquired Data Dimensions common stock pursuant to the
     exercise of options or otherwise as compensation.

   Tax Opinion. Data Dimensions has received an opinion of Garvey, Schubert &
Barer ("tax counsel"), dated as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus,
that the merger will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code and that Lionbridge, its merger subsidiary and Data Dimensions will each
be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code. Garvey, Schubert & Barer will issue a confirmation
opinion to the same effect at the effective time of the merger.

   The opinion of tax counsel regarding the merger has relied, and the
confirmation opinion regarding the merger as of the effective time of the
merger will rely, on (1) representations and covenants made by Lionbridge and
Data Dimensions, including those contained in certificates of officers of
Lionbridge, its merger subsidiary and Data Dimensions, and (2) specified
assumptions, including an assumption regarding the completion of the merger in
the manner contemplated by the agreement and plan of reorganization. In
addition, the opinion of tax counsel has assumed, and tax counsel's ability to
provide the opinion at the effective time will depend on, the absence of
changes in existing facts or in law between the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the effective time of the merger. If any of those
representations, covenants or assumptions is inaccurate, tax counsel may not be
able to provide the required opinion at the effective time or the tax
consequences of the merger could differ from those described in the opinion
that tax counsel has delivered. Tax counsel's opinion neither binds the
Internal Revenue Services ("IRS") nor precludes the IRS or the courts from
adopting a contrary position. Neither Lionbridge nor Data Dimensions intends to
obtain a ruling from the IRS on the tax consequences of the merger.

   U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Data Dimensions Stockholders Who
Participate in the Merger. Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, there are
the following U.S. federal income tax consequences:

  .  A holder of Data Dimensions common stock will not recognize any gain or
     loss upon its exchange of shares of Data Dimensions common stock for
     shares of Lionbridge common stock, except with respect to cash, if any,
     received instead of fractional shares of Lionbridge common stock.

  .  If a holder of Data Dimensions common stock receives cash instead of a
     fractional share of Lionbridge common stock, the holder will be required
     to recognize capital gain or loss (provided that the shares surrendered
     are held as capital assets immediately prior to the merger), measured by
     the difference between the amount of cash received instead of that
     fractional share and the portion of the tax basis of that holder's
     shares of Data Dimensions common stock allocable to that fractional
     share. This capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss
     if the share of Data Dimensions common stock exchanged for that
     fractional share of Lionbridge common stock was held for more than one
     year at the effective time of the merger.

  .  A holder of Data Dimensions common stock will have a tax basis in the
     Lionbridge common stock received in the merger equal to (1) the tax
     basis of the Data Dimensions common stock surrendered by that holder in
     the merger, less (2) any tax basis of the Data Dimensions common stock
     surrendered that is allocable to any fractional share of Lionbridge
     common stock for which cash is received.

  .  The holding period for shares of Lionbridge common stock received in
     exchange for Data Dimensions common stock in the merger will include the
     holding period for the shares of Data Dimensions common stock
     surrendered in the merger; provided that the Data Dimensions stock so
     surrendered is held as a capital asset at the time of the merger.

  .  No gain or loss will be recognized by Lionbridge, its merger subsidiary
     or Data Dimensions solely as a result of the merger.

   If the IRS were to successfully challenge the "reorganization" status of the
merger, each Data Dimensions stockholder would recognize taxable gain or loss
with respect to the Data Dimensions common stock surrendered, measured by the
difference between (1) the fair market value, as of the time of the merger, of
the Lionbridge common stock received in the merger, and (2) the stockholder's
tax basis in the Data Dimensions

common stock surrendered therefor in the merger. In such event, a stockholder's
aggregate basis in the Lionbridge common stock so received would equal its fair
market value as of the time of the merger and the holding period for such stock
would begin the day after the merger.

   Under the agreement and plan of reorganization, each Data Dimensions
stockholder will receive outright, upon surrender of its shares of Data
Dimensions stock, 0.190884 of a share of Lionbridge common stock for each share
of Data Dimensions common stock surrendered. Data Dimensions stockholders will
be required to attach a statement to their tax returns for the year of the
merger that contains the information listed in Treasury Regulation Section
1.368-3(b). Such statement must include the stockholder's tax basis in the
stockholder's Data Dimensions common stock and a description of the Lionbridge
common stock received therefor. Data Dimensions stockholders are urged to
consult their tax advisors with respect to this statement and any other tax
reporting requirements.

   This discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences is not a
complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger. This discussion does not address tax consequences
that may vary with, or are contingent upon, individual circumstances. In
addition, this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign,
state or local tax consequences of the merger.

   LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS INTEND THIS DISCUSSION TO PROVIDE ONLY A
SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER. LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS DO NOT INTEND THAT IT BE A COMPLETE
ANALYSIS OR DESCRIPTION OF ALL POTENTIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER. LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS DO NOT ADDRESS CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF
STOCKHOLDERS, AND LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS DO NOT ADDRESS STATE, LOCAL OR
FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES. IN ADDITION, AS NOTED ABOVE, LIONBRIDGE AND DATA
DIMENSIONS DO NOT ADDRESS TAX CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY VARY WITH, OR ARE
CONTINGENT UPON, INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES. LIONBRIDGE AND DATA DIMENSIONS
STRONGLY URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE YOUR PARTICULAR
UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES
RESULTING FROM THE MERGER, IN LIGHT OF YOUR INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCES.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

   Lionbridge intends to account for the merger as a purchase for accounting
and financial reporting purposes, which means that Data Dimensions will be
treated as a separate entity for periods prior to the effective time of the
merger, and thereafter as a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge.

Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Data Dimensions in the Merger

   When considering the recommendation of Data Dimensions' board of directors,
you should be aware that the directors and executive officers of Data
Dimensions have interests in the merger that are different from the interests
of Data Dimensions' stockholders generally. As a result, these officers and
directors may be more likely to vote to approve and to recommend the merger and
agreement and plan of reorganization than if they did not hold these interests.
These interests include:

  .  Howard H. Hayakawa, an executive officer of Data Dimensions, will become
     an executive of the combined company after the merger.

  .  Each of Peter A. Allen, Laurence C. Leslie and John W. Cramer, executive
     officers of Data Dimensions, is entitled to receive benefits under
     severance agreements or Data Dimensions' severance policy, as the case
     may be, in the event the merger is approved and completed. The benefits
     under the severance arrangements include:

       (i) Cash payments of $350,000 to Mr. Allen and $195,000, in the
    aggregate, to the other executive officers.

       (ii) Continuation of health benefits of twelve months for Mr. Allen
    and six months for Mr. Leslie and Mr. Cramer; and

       (iii) All accrued and unused vacation will be paid to the executive
    officers.

  .  Executive officers and directors of Data Dimensions have options, the
     vesting of which will accelerate upon the giving of notice by Data
     Dimensions to optionees of the merger, which notice shall be given not
     less than 30 days before the effective time of the merger.

  .  Data Dimensions' directors and officers have customary rights to
     indemnification against specified liabilities.

Nasdaq National Market Quotation of Lionbridge Common Stock

   The approval for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
Lionbridge common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the
consummation of the merger.

Resale of Lionbridge Common Stock Issued in connection with the Merger

   The shares of Lionbridge common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act, except for shares of Lionbridge common
stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of either
Lionbridge or Data Dimensions at the effective time of the merger. Persons who
may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that control,
are controlled by, or are under common control with either Lionbridge or Data
Dimensions and may include some of the officers, directors, or principal
stockholders of Lionbridge or Data Dimensions. Affiliates may not sell their
shares of Lionbridge common stock acquired in connection with the merger except
pursuant to:

  .  an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
     the resale of those shares;

  .  an exemption afforded by Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

  .  another applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

   Lionbridge's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of
Lionbridge common stock to be received by affiliates in the merger.

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   Lionbridge and Data Dimensions believe this document contains "forward-
looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and
are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management of Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions, based on information currently available to each company's
management. When we use words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates,"
"intends," "future," "could," "plans," "estimates," "should," "likely" or
similar words or expressions, we are making forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or
assumed future results of operations of Lionbridge set forth:

  .  under "Summary," "Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
     Financial Data of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions," "Risk Factors" "--
     Background of the Merger," "--Lionbridge's Reasons for the Merger," "--
     Recommendation of the Board of Directors of Data Dimensions; Data
     Dimensions' Reasons for the Merger," "--Opinion of Data Dimensions'
     Financial Advisor," "Business" of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions,
     "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
     of Operations" of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions and "Unaudited Pro
     Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements of Lionbridge and Data
     Dimensions."

   Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The future results and stockholder values
of Lionbridge or Data Dimensions may differ materially from those expressed in
the forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine these
results and values are beyond our ability to control or predict. Stockholders
are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. For
those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-
looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995.

   For a discussion of some of the factors that may cause actual results to
differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements,
please read carefully the information under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9.
In addition to the risk factors, you should understand that the following
important factors could affect the future results of Lionbridge and could cause
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking
statements:

  .  increased competitive pressures, both domestically and internationally,
     which may affect sales of Lionbridge's services and impede Lionbridge's
     ability to maintain its market share and pricing goals;

  .  changes in United States, global or regional economic conditions,
     including uncertainty in the technology market, which may affect sales
     of the combined company's services and increase costs associated with
     providing such services;

  .  changes in United States and global financial and equity markets,
     including significant interest rate fluctuations, which may increase the
     cost of external financing for Lionbridge's operations, and currency
     fluctuations, which may negatively impact Lionbridge's reportable
     income;

  .  changes in laws or regulations, third party relations and approvals,
     decisions of courts, regulators and governmental bodies which may
     adversely affect Lionbridge's business or ability to compete; and

  .  other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in
     Lionbridge's public announcements and SEC filings.

   This list of factors that may affect future performance and the accuracy of
forward-looking statements is illustrative, but by no means exhaustive.
Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the
understanding of their inherent uncertainty.

                    THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

   The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the agreement
and plan of reorganization, as amended, a copy of which is attached as Annex A
to this proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this
summary. The summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the agreement and plan of reorganization. Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions urge all stockholders of Data Dimensions to read the agreement and
plan of reorganization in its entirety for a more complete description of the
terms and conditions of the merger.

Effect of the Merger

   Following the approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement and plan
of reorganization by the stockholders of Data Dimensions and the satisfaction
or waiver of the other conditions to the merger, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Lionbridge, named "Diamond Acquisition Corp.," will be merged into Data
Dimensions. Data Dimensions will survive the merger as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Lionbridge. If all conditions to the merger are satisfied or
waived, the merger will become effective at the time of the filing by the
surviving corporation of a duly executed certificate of merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at any later time as Lionbridge
and Data Dimensions shall agree and specify in the certificate of merger. The
agreement and plan of reorganization provides that the certificate of
incorporation of Diamond Acquisition Corp. as in effect immediately prior to
the effective time, will be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving
corporation, except that the name of the surviving corporation will be changed
to "Data Dimensions, Inc." The agreement and plan of reorganization also
provides that the by-laws of Diamond Acquisition Corp. as in effect immediately
prior to the effective time will be the by-laws of the surviving corporation.
The directors of Diamond Acquisition Corp. immediately prior to the completion
of the merger will become the directors of the surviving corporation, to hold
office in accordance with the by-laws of the surviving corporation. Each share
of Diamond Acquisition Corp. common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the merger will be converted into and exchanged for one validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the surviving
corporation.

Exchange of Shares

   Treatment of Data Dimensions Common Stock. At the effective time of the
merger, each issued and outstanding share of Data Dimensions common stock other
than shares held by Data Dimensions, Lionbridge or Diamond Acquisition Corp.,
will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Lionbridge
common stock equal to the conversion ratio. The conversion ratio is 0.190884.
At the effective time, all shares of Data Dimensions common stock will no
longer be outstanding and will automatically be canceled and retired and will
cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the
effective time represented any shares of Data Dimensions common stock will
cease to have any rights as to these shares, except the right to receive shares
of Lionbridge common stock and any cash instead of fractional shares of
Lionbridge common stock.

   Based on the conversion ratio of 0.190884 and the 13,560,972 shares of Data
Dimensions common stock issued and outstanding as of March 8, 2001,
approximately 2,588,570 shares of Lionbridge common stock will be issued to the
holders of Data Dimensions common stock in the merger. The actual number of
shares of Lionbridge common stock issued may differ because the number of
shares of Data Dimensions common stock outstanding at the effective time of the
merger may differ.

   Treatment of Data Dimensions Stock Options and Warrants. Data Dimensions'
stock option plan provides that each issued and outstanding but unvested option
to purchase shares of Data Dimensions common stock under the stock option plan
shall accelerate upon the giving of notice by Data Dimensions to optionees of a
change in control of Data Dimensions (such as the merger), which notice shall
be given not less than 30 days before the effective time of the merger. At the
effective time of the merger, each unexpired and unexercised outstanding option
or warrant to purchase shares of Data Dimensions common stock, whether vested
or unvested, previously granted by Data Dimensions will be assumed by
Lionbridge and converted into options or

warrants, as the case may be, to purchase shares of Lionbridge common stock
upon substantially the same terms and conditions. The number of shares of
Lionbridge common stock subject to the assumed Data Dimensions stock options
and warrants will equal the number of shares of the Data Dimensions common
stock issuable under the original stock options or warrants multiplied by the
conversion ratio. Based on the conversion ratio of 0.190884 and options and
warrants to purchase 2,298,343 shares of Data Dimensions common stock
outstanding as of March 8, 2001, the Data Dimensions options and warrants
assumed by Lionbridge will represent the right, in the aggregate, to purchase
up to approximately 438,717 shares of Lionbridge common stock. Any fractional
shares of Lionbridge common stock resulting from this assumption will be
rounded down to the nearest share. The exercise price per share of Lionbridge
common stock under the assumed Data Dimensions stock options and warrants will
equal the exercise price per share of the Data Dimensions common stock under
the original stock options or warrants divided by the conversion ratio. The
exercise prices will be rounded up to the next highest whole cent.

   Fractional Shares. Lionbridge will not issue any fractional shares of
Lionbridge common stock in the merger. Instead, each holder of shares of Data
Dimensions common stock exchanged in the merger who would otherwise have been
entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Lionbridge common stock will be
entitled to receive cash (without interest) in an amount equal to the product
of the fractional part of Lionbridge common stock multiplied by $5.6688, the
average closing sales price of Lionbridge common stock over the five trading
days ended on the last trading day prior to the date of the agreement and plan
of reorganization.

Exchange of Stock Certificates

   Surrender of Shares of Data Dimensions Stock; Stock Transfer Books. After
the effective time of the merger, Lionbridge will mail a notice and letter of
transmittal to each record holder of certificates representing Data Dimensions
stock advising the holders of the effectiveness of the merger and the
instructions for surrendering the certificates for Lionbridge common stock and
for the payment in lieu of fractional shares. Holders of certificates who
properly surrender their certificates in accordance with the instructions in
the notice will receive certificates representing the number of shares of
Lionbridge common stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Lionbridge
common stock and any dividends or distributions to which they are entitled. The
surrendered certificates will be cancelled.

   No Further Registration or Transfer of Data Dimensions Common Stock. At the
effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of Data Dimensions will
be closed and there will be no further transfers of shares of Data Dimensions
common stock on the records of Data Dimensions or exercises of any options,
warrants or other rights to acquire Data Dimensions stock for shares of Data
Dimensions capital stock. After the effective time of the merger, the holders
of Data Dimensions stock certificates will cease to have any rights with
respect to the shares of Data Dimensions capital stock except as otherwise
provided for in the agreement and plan of reorganization or by applicable law.

   Dividends and Distributions. No dividends or other distributions declared or
made on or after the closing date of the merger with respect to shares of
Lionbridge common stock will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Data
Dimensions certificate with respect to the shares of Lionbridge common stock
that the holder is entitled to receive until the holder surrenders the Data
Dimensions certificate as provided above and provides customary representations
and certifications as are requested in the transmittal form sent to each
holder. Upon surrender of the certificates, Lionbridge will pay to the person
in whose name the Data Dimensions certificates representing the shares of
Lionbridge common stock will be issued, without interest, any dividends or
distributions with respect to the shares of Lionbridge common stock which have
a record date on or after the effective time of the merger and have become
payable between the effective time of the merger and the time of surrender.

   Lost Certificates. If any certificates representing shares of Data
Dimensions stock or instruments representing Data Dimensions options or
warrants are lost, stolen or destroyed, the Data Dimensions

stockholder must provide an appropriate affidavit of that fact. Lionbridge may
require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed Data Dimensions certificate
or instrument to deliver a bond as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against Lionbridge with respect to the Data Dimensions certificate or
instrument alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

   Holders of Data Dimensions common stock should not send in their
certificates until they receive a letter of transmittal from Lionbridge.

Representations and Warranties

   The agreement and plan of reorganization contains representations and
warranties of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition Corp. These
relate to:

  .  their organization, standing and power;

  .  their capitalization;

  .  their authorization, execution and delivery of, and the enforceability
     of, the agreement and plan of reorganization and related matters;

  .  compliance with laws and the absence of conflicts, violations and
     defaults under their corporate charters and by-laws and other agreements
     and documents;

  .  the accuracy and completeness of documents and reports filed with the
     SEC;

  .  accounting matters and financial statements;

  .  required consents and approvals of governmental authorities;

  .  litigation;

  .  filing of tax returns and payment of taxes; and

  .  the absence of certain changes and events.

   Data Dimensions has also represented and warranted as to:

  .  its subsidiaries;

  .  required third-party consents;

  .  its licenses and permits;

  .  its intellectual property;

  .  the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

  .  its accounts receivable;

  .  its leases;

  .  its personal and real property;

  .  its business relationships and transactions with affiliates;

  .  its material contracts and the enforceability of its contracts;

  .  material reductions in customer contracts;

  .  insurance and banking facilities;

  .  its employees and consultants;

  .  its employee benefit plans;

  .  the absence of "excess parachute payments" upon the execution of the
     agreement and plan of reorganization or consummation of the merger;

  .  guarantees and suretyships;

  .  brokers and finders;

  .  environmental, health and safety matters;

  .  the accuracy of information provided to Lionbridge;

  .  the absence of restrictions on its business activities;

  .  receipt of a fairness opinion from its financial advisor;

  .  the status of its Nasdaq National Market listing;

  .  the required vote of its stockholders to approve and adopt the merger
     and the agreement and plan of reorganization;

  .  the inapplicability of state takeover statutes to the merger; and

  .  lack of any indemnity claims against Data Dimensions.

   Lionbridge has also represented and warranted as to the validity of the
shares of its common stock to be issued in connection with the merger.

Certain Covenants

   Conduct of Business Prior to the Merger. Data Dimensions has agreed that it
will carry on its business in the ordinary course in substantially the same
manner as previously conducted, except as contemplated by the agreement and
plan of reorganization. Specifically, Data Dimensions has agreed not to,
without the prior written consent of Lionbridge:

  .  issue or sell any shares of capital stock, options, warrants or other
     securities, except pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants
     issued and outstanding as of the date of the agreement and plan of
     reorganization or, with respect to the issuance of new options, at the
     request of Lionbridge;

  .  repurchase or acquire any shares of its capital stock;

  .  accelerate the vesting or otherwise modify the terms of any outstanding
     option or warrant;

  .  effect a stock split or declare or make any dividends or other
     distribution on its shares of capital stock;

  .  with certain exceptions, enter into any material commitment or
     transaction;

  .  incur or assume indebtedness other than existing agreements, guarantee
     the obligations of any other person or entity or make any loans or
     investments in any other person or entity;

  .  enter into, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan or employment or
     severance arrangement or increase the compensation or fringe benefits
     of, or materially modify the employment terms of, its directors,
     officers or employees generally, or pay any benefit not required by any
     existing employee benefit plan;

  .  acquire, sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any assets or
     property other than in the ordinary course of business;

  .  authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to authorize,
     recommend or propose, or enter into a letter of intent, an agreement in
     principle or an agreement with respect to any merger, consolidation, or
     business combination, or any acquisition of assets or securities;

  .  amend its charter or by-laws;

  .  with certain exceptions, commence a lawsuit or settle any claim, action
     or proceeding;

  .  discontinue any insurance;

  .  take or fail to take any action with the knowledge that the action or
     failure to take action would cause or constitute a breach of any of its
     representations and warranties in the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  with certain exceptions, enter into or amend any agreements pursuant to
     which any other party is granted support, service, marketing or
     publishing rights, or is granted distribution rights of any type or
     scope with respect to any products of Data Dimensions;

  .  with certain exceptions, enter into or terminate any contracts,
     arrangements, plans, agreements, leases, licenses, franchises, permits,
     indentures, authorizations, instruments, or commitments, or amend or
     otherwise change in any material respect the terms thereof in a manner
     adverse to Data Dimensions;

  .  make or change any material election in respect of taxes, adopt or
     change any accounting method in respect of taxes, enter into any closing
     agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of taxes, or
     consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable
     to any claim or assessment in respect of taxes;

  .  modify in any material respect existing discounts or other terms and
     conditions with dealers, distributors and other resellers of Data
     Dimensions' products or services in a manner adverse to Data Dimensions;
     or

  .  grant any bonus, severance or termination pay.

   Lionbridge and Data Dimensions have each agreed to use their reasonable
efforts to take all actions and to do all things necessary, proper or advisable
to consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
agreement and plan of reorganization.

   Director and Officer Indemnification. Lionbridge has agreed that all rights
to indemnification and exculpation existing on the date of the agreement and
plan of reorganization in favor of the present officers and directors of Data
Dimensions with respect to actions taken in their capacities as officers and
directors of Data Dimensions as provided in Data Dimensions' certificate of
incorporation or by-laws prior to the effective time of the merger shall
continue in full force and effect. In addition, Lionbridge has agreed to
maintain in effect, for three years following the effective time of the merger,
for the current directors and officers of Data Dimensions, any policies of
directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance
maintained by Data Dimensions immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.

   Third-Party Approvals. Data Dimensions and Lionbridge have agreed to use
their respective reasonable best efforts to obtain all consents, and make all
filings with governmental entities, which are necessary to be obtained by them
to consummate the merger. They have also agreed to advise and consult with each
other regarding material events.

   Nasdaq National Market. Lionbridge has agreed to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the shares of Lionbridge common stock to be issued to the Data
Dimensions stockholders to be listed for quotation on the Nasdaq National
Market.

No Solicitation

   Data Dimensions has agreed that it will not, and will use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that none of its officers, directors, stockholders,
agents, representatives or affiliates, (1) solicit, encourage, initiate or
participate in discussions, inquiries or negotiations with respect to any offer
or proposal to acquire all or a significant part of Data Dimensions' business,
assets or capital stock whether by merger, consolidation, other business
combination, purchase of assets, tender or exchange offer or otherwise; (2)
provide any non-public information concerning the business, properties or
assets of Data Dimensions to any person or entity (other than Lionbridge) in
connection with any proposal relating to any acquisition; (3) enter into any
agreement relating to a transaction described in (1) above; or (4) make or
authorize any public statement in support of any transaction described in (1)
above. If any party commences a tender offer for Data Dimensions capital stock,
Lionbridge has agreed that Data Dimensions may make certain disclosures to its
stockholders contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 if the Data Dimensions board of directors concludes in good faith that
these actions are necessary or appropriate because the failure to make these
disclosures would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the Data
Dimensions board of directors to its stockholders. Data Dimensions has agreed
that it will promptly notify Lionbridge about any inquiries, discussions or
negotiations of the nature described above.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

   The respective obligations of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions to effect the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:
(1) this registration statement shall have been declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and shall be effective under the Securities
Act; and (2) the shares of Lionbridge common stock issuable to the Data
Dimensions stockholders shall have been approved for quotation on the Nasdaq
National Market.

   In addition, the obligations of Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition Corp. to
effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

  .  Data Dimensions must have obtained all waivers, permits, consents,
     approvals or other authorizations required by the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  the representations and warranties of Data Dimensions in the agreement
     and plan of reorganization which are qualified as to materiality must be
     true and correct, and the representations and warranties of Data
     Dimensions which are not qualified as to materiality must be true and
     correct in all material respects, in each case, as of the date of the
     agreement and plan of reorganization and at the effective time of the
     merger, except to the extent that the inaccuracy of any representation
     or warranty (i) is contemplated by the agreement and plan of
     reorganization; (ii) relates to a representation or warranty
     specifically limited to an earlier date; or (iii) results from actions
     taken or not taken with the written concurrence of Lionbridge;

  .  Data Dimensions will have performed all agreements and covenants
     required to be performed under the agreement and plan of reorganization
     at or prior to the effective time of the merger, except (i) as otherwise
     contemplated by the agreement and plan of reorganization; (ii) as a
     result of actions taken or not taken with the written concurrence of
     Lionbridge; or (iii) for failures to perform which, individually or in
     the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the business
     condition of Data Dimensions;

  .  Lionbridge will have received certificates executed on behalf of Data
     Dimensions regarding representations and performance as required by the
     agreement and plan of reorganization;

  .  no action, suit or proceeding shall be pending or threatened where an
     unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction would
     prevent or cause the rescission of the merger or prohibit or impose any
     limitations on Lionbridge's ownership or operation of all or any portion
     of Data

     Dimensions' business or assets which would have a material adverse
     effect on Lionbridge's ability to receive the anticipated benefits of
     the merger;

  .  Lionbridge will have received an opinion from counsel to Data Dimensions
     in a form reasonably satisfactory to Lionbridge;

  .  Lionbridge will have received a letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
     containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in
     accountants' "comfort letters";

  .  stockholders of Data Dimensions representing at least a majority of the
     outstanding shares of Data Dimensions common stock entitled to vote will
     have approved and adopted the merger and the agreement and plan of
     reorganization;

  .  Data Dimensions will have terminated its 401(k) plan;

  .  any registration rights, rights of first refusal, voting rights,
     liquidation preference or redemption rights relating to any security of
     Data Dimensions will be terminated, waived or satisfied;

  .  holders of not more than 4% of the outstanding capital stock of Data
     Dimensions will have exercised appraisal rights with respect to the
     merger; and

  .  Lionbridge will have received the resignations of all officers and
     directors of Data Dimensions and its subsidiaries.

   In addition, the obligation of Data Dimensions to effect the merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

  .  Data Dimensions must have received an opinion from counsel to Lionbridge
     in a form reasonably satisfactory to Data Dimensions;

  .  the representations and warranties of Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition
     Corp. in the agreement and plan of reorganization which are qualified as
     to materiality must be true and correct, and the representations and
     warranties of Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition Corp. which are not
     qualified as to materiality must be true and correct in all material
     respects, in each case, as of the date of the agreement and plan of
     reorganization and at the effective time of the merger, except to the
     extent that the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty (i) is
     contemplated by the agreement and plan of reorganization; (ii) relates
     to a representation or warranty specifically limited to an earlier date;
     or (iii) results from actions taken or not taken with the written
     concurrence of Data Dimensions;

  .  Lionbridge and Diamond Acquisition Corp. shall have performed all
     agreements and covenants required to be performed under the agreement
     and plan of reorganization at or prior to the effective time of the
     merger, except (i) as otherwise contemplated by the agreement and plan
     of reorganization; (ii) as a result of actions taken or not taken with
     the written concurrence of Data Dimensions; or (iii) for failures to
     perform which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
     material adverse effect on the business condition of Lionbridge; and

  .  no action, suit or proceeding shall be pending or threatened in writing
     where an unfavorable judgment, order, decree, stipulation or injunction
     would prevent or cause the rescission of the merger or restrict in any
     way the receipt, ownership, or ability to dispose of the shares of
     Lionbridge common stock to be received by any Data Dimensions
     stockholder as a result of the merger.

Termination; Fees and Expenses

   The agreement and plan of reorganization may be terminated in the following
ways at any time prior to the effective time of the merger:

     (1) Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition Corp. may
  terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization by mutual written
  consent;

     (2) Lionbridge may terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization if
  it is not in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
  agreement contained in the agreement and plan of reorganization and Data
  Dimensions is in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
  or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of reorganization if the
  breach would result in a failure of Data Dimensions to satisfy the closing
  conditions and the breach is not remedied by Data Dimensions within five
  business days of notice of the breach;

     (3) Data Dimensions may terminate the agreement and plan of
  reorganization (i) if it is not in material breach of any representation,
  warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of
  reorganization and Lionbridge is in material breach of any representation,
  warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the agreement and plan of
  reorganization if the breach would result in a failure of Lionbridge to
  satisfy the closing conditions and the breach is not remedied by Lionbridge
  within five business days of notice of the breach; or (ii) if Data
  Dimensions fails to obtain stockholder approval of the merger and the
  agreement and plan of reorganization by July 31, 2001; or

     (4) Either party may terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization
  by giving written notice to the other party if the effective time of the
  merger has not occurred on or before July 31, 2001, except that this right
  to terminate the agreement and plan of reorganization is not available to
  any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the agreement and
  plan of reorganization has been a significant cause of, or resulted in, the
  failure of the effective time of the merger to occur by July 31, 2001.

   If either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions terminates the agreement and plan of
reorganization pursuant to any of the reasons above, all obligations of the
parties under the agreement and plan of reorganization shall terminate and
there will be no liability, except for (i) any liability of a party for willful
breaches of the agreement and plan of reorganization on the part of Lionbridge,
Data Dimensions, or Diamond Acquisition Corp. and (ii) the payment of a
termination fee as set forth below.

   In addition, if (a) the agreement and plan of reorganization is terminated
by Data Dimensions pursuant to proviso 3(ii) above or by Lionbridge or Data
Dimensions pursuant to proviso 4 above and (b) Data Dimensions' board of
directors shall have not recommended to its stockholders to vote in favor of
approval of the merger, then Data Dimensions shall pay to Lionbridge a
termination fee of $600,000. Data Dimensions must also pay a $600,000
termination fee to Lionbridge if (x) either Lionbridge or Data Dimensions
terminates the agreement and plan of reorganization pursuant to proviso 4 above
or if Data Dimensions terminates pursuant to proviso 3(ii) above and (y) Data
Dimensions consummates an acquisition with a party other than Lionbridge at any
time on or prior to the nine-month anniversary of the termination of the
agreement and plan of reorganization. If Lionbridge terminates the agreement
and plan of reorganization pursuant to proviso 2 above, Data Dimensions shall
also pay a $600,000 termination fee to Lionbridge. If Data Dimensions
terminates the agreement and plan of reorganization pursuant to proviso 3(i)
above, then Lionbridge shall pay a $600,000 termination fee to Data Dimensions.

   Except as described in the following sentence, whether or not the merger is
consummated, all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization will be paid by the party
incurring the expenses. Lionbridge will pay all expenses incurred in relation
to the printing of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Amendment and Waiver

   Generally, the boards of directors of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions may
amend the agreement and plan of reorganization at any time prior to the
effective time. However, after the stockholders of Data Dimensions approve the
merger, any amendment will be restricted by the Delaware general corporation
law. Amendments must be in writing and signed by all parties.

                             THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

   The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the voting
agreements, a copy of the form of which is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary. The
summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
form of the voting agreement.

   In connection with the execution of the agreement and plan of
reorganization, Lionbridge entered into voting agreements with all of the
directors, executive officers, affiliates and 10% stockholders of Data
Dimensions. These stockholders beneficially own 2,571,020 shares of Data
Dimensions common stock representing approximately 18.9% of the outstanding
capital stock of Data Dimensions as of March 8, 2001. Each signing stockholder
has agreed to vote all shares of Data Dimensions common stock held by the
stockholder in favor of approval and adoption of the merger and the agreement
and plan of reorganization and has agreed to grant Lionbridge an irrevocable
proxy to vote the stockholder's shares in favor of approval and adoption of
the merger and the agreement and plan of reorganization. The voting agreements
further require that each signing stockholder will not, nor permit any entity
under the stockholder's control to, deposit any of the stockholder's shares in
a voting trust or subject any of the stockholder's shares to any arrangement
with respect to the voting of the shares inconsistent with the voting
agreement. The signing stockholders also have agreed not to transfer any of
their shares, or make any offer or agreement relating to any transfer of the
shares, at any time prior to the expiration of the voting agreement. The
general effect of the voting agreements is to increase the likelihood that
Data Dimensions stockholder approval will be obtained and possibly discourage
third parties who are interested in acquiring a significant ownership interest
in Data Dimensions. The voting agreements will terminate upon the earliest to
occur of (1) the effective time of the merger, (2) the date of any termination
of the agreement and plan of reorganization in accordance with the terms
thereof or (3) the date on which the Data Dimensions board of directors
withdraws its recommendation to the Data Dimensions stockholders to vote in
favor of adoption of the agreement and plan of reorganization and approval of
the merger.

                          THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

   The following is a brief summary of the material provisions of the stock
option agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary. The
summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
stock option agreement.

   In connection with the execution of the agreement and plan of
reorganization, Data Dimensions entered into a stock option agreement with
Lionbridge as of March 8, 2001. The stock option agreement grants to
Lionbridge the option to purchase the number of shares of Data Dimensions
common stock equal to 19.9% of the shares of Data Dimensions common stock
issued and outstanding as of the date of the consummation of an acquisition
transaction which triggers Lionbridge's right to exercise the option. The
option is exercisable for the one-year period following the consummation of an
acquisition of all or a significant part of Data Dimensions' business, assets
or capital stock, whether by merger, consolidation, other business
combination, purchase of assets, tender or exchange offer or otherwise with a
party other than Lionbridge. The option exercise price is $1.08 per share.

   The option will terminate and no longer be exercisable upon the earliest to
occur of any of the following:

  .  the effective time of the merger;

  .  the termination of the agreement and plan of reorganization (i) by the
     mutual agreement of Lionbridge, Data Dimensions and Diamond Acquisition
     Corp., or (ii) by Data Dimensions as a result of a material breach by
     Lionbridge of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set
     forth in the agreement and plan of reorganization; or

  .  the nine-month anniversary of any termination of the agreement and plan
     of reorganization, provided that Data Dimensions has not consummated an
     acquisition transaction with a party other than Lionbridge prior to this
     date.

   At any time after the occurrence of an acquisition transaction that triggers
Lionbridge's right to exercise the option, at the request of Lionbridge or any
owner of shares of Data Dimensions common stock issued pursuant to the option,
Data Dimensions will repurchase the option or any shares issued upon exercise
of the option, as the case may be, at a price per share equal to the difference
between the price per share of Data Dimensions common stock paid to the
stockholders of Data Dimensions (as determined in accordance with the terms of
the stock option agreement) pursuant to the acquisition transaction and the
option exercise price. In addition, the stock option agreement grants
registration rights to Lionbridge and/or any other owner of shares of Data
Dimensions common stock issued upon exercise of the option with respect to the
shares of Data Dimensions common stock issued or issuable pursuant to the
option.

                           DESCRIPTION OF LIONBRIDGE

BUSINESS

General

   Lionbridge is a leading provider of globalization services to Global 2000
and emerging companies in industries such as technology, telecommunications,
life sciences, and financial services. Lionbridge also provides functionality,
compatibility, and logo certification testing services through its global
network of VeriTest labs. Lionbridge's full suite of services allows its
clients to outsource their critical globalization needs and improve the
quality, consistency, and timeliness of their international offerings.
Lionbridge serves as globalization partner throughout a client's product
development and support lifecycle and offers the following key benefits to its
clients:

   In-Depth Globalization Expertise. Lionbridge possesses significant
globalization expertise that helps its clients expand internationally.
Lionbridge has linguistic and technical expertise in over 30 languages which
increases the accuracy and efficiency of solutions. Along with its linguistic
and technical expertise, Lionbridge has the project management expertise to
concurrently handle the localization of product and content in multiple
languages. Lionbridge is able to apply knowledge learned from localizing
product or content in one language of a given project to the localization of
the product or content in the other languages required for the same project as
well as knowledge from one language to multiple localization projects in the
same language. Lionbridge has been able to utilize its global expertise from
its client engagements around the world to better serve its clients across all
industries.

   Leading Globalization Technologies. Lionbridge is committed to identifying
and developing globalization technologies. The Lionbridge Globalization
Platform is Lionbridge's proprietary internal workflow and language management
system. The Lionbridge Globalization Platform is a suite of integrated
technologies used to adapt content to a target locale's technical, linguistic,
and cultural expectations and thereafter manage that content on a real-time
basis. Lionbridge's expertise also extends to its patented language automation
translation technology. Through these technologies, it is able to provide
advanced globalization solutions to its clients.

   Integrated Full-Service Offering. Lionbridge offers a full suite of
globalization services comprised of strategic consulting, linguistic and
technical implementation, product testing, and ongoing multilingual content
management. Its enterprise-wide services address the full range of
globalization needs of its clients' customers, suppliers, and employees. Its
functionality and compatibility testing assure that its clients' products work
as intended and interoperate as required, while its logo certification testing
confirms that independent software vendors' applications properly interact with
those of the platform vendor. Thus, its end-to-end service offering allows its
clients to work with a single outsource provider, which results in time and
cost savings benefits to its clients.

   Established Global Presence. Lionbridge operates 20 localization and testing
centers in eleven countries throughout the world. Lionbridge believes its
strong geographic coverage allows it to better serve clients on a local basis,
helping to forge strong, long-term client relationships and service the
widespread offices of its clients, their customers and vendors. In addition to
over 750 consulting and service professionals, Lionbridge maintains a global
network of over 2,500 third-party translators. This global network of
translators provides it with local-country linguistic and cultural expertise in
many languages and cultures and enables it to handle larger, more complex
engagements.

   Industry Expertise. Lionbridge has developed significant globalization
expertise in targeted industries by offering services that accommodate the
various needs of organizations in these industries. Lionbridge currently
organizes its delivery of services into four primary industry groups:
technology, telecommunications, life sciences and financial services.
Lionbridge leverages its expertise in these industries across the entire
company to provide clients the full value of its expertise.

   Lionbridge, through its predecessor and current wholly owned subsidiary,
Lionbridge America, Inc., was incorporated in Delaware in September 1996. Its
principal executive offices are located at 950 Winter Street, Waltham,
Massachusetts 02451, its telephone number is (781) 434-6000, and its Web site
is www.lionbridge.com.

Recent Developments

   In January 2001, Lionbridge acquired Quality Group Labs, Inc., a provider of
testing services based in Massachusetts, for total initial consideration of
approximately $762,000, comprised of $250,000 of cash and 163,874 shares of
Lionbridge common stock valued at $512,000. The transaction will be accounted
for using the purchase method of accounting. Lionbridge has the right to
repurchase up to 89,386 shares of the common stock issued as part of the
acquisition at a price of $0.01 per share, dependent on future operating
performance of Quality Group Labs, Inc. through December 31, 2001.

Lionbridge Services

   Lionbridge provides a full suite of globalization services to businesses to
improve the quality, consistency, and timeliness of their international product
releases, technical support, training materials, and sales and marketing
information. Its globalization services consist of the following:

   Strategic Consulting Services. Lionbridge provides strategic globalization
consulting services throughout the client's product life cycle which are geared
towards making the client and their globalization activities more successful.
These service include:

  .  Web Globalization Audits. Lionbridge analyzes Web site infrastructure,
     design, and content with respect to issues ranging from cultural
     appropriateness to localization of content;

  .  Authoring and Design. Lionbridge assists clients in writing the copy for
     and the design of product packaging and user manuals, which enables more
     efficient downstream localization activities by controlling initial
     content development;

  .  Content Design. Lionbridge enables clients to properly design their
     content repositories in order to facilitate translation into multiple
     languages as well as multiple delivery options;

  .  Global Identity Consulting. Lionbridge provides analysis and assistance
     on the cultural fit of product naming and identity in a particular
     country; and

  .  ChinaConnect. Lionbridge's ChinaConnect consulting services range from
     content identification through development and deployment of
     multilingual Web sites. Its services generally focus on those China- or
     Taiwan-based clients who are creating their initial Web sites as a means
     to attract customers who may not speak their local languages. Therefore,
     ChinaConnect also has a large linguistic and technical implementation
     component in addition to strategic consulting.

   Linguistic and Technical Implementation Services. Lionbridge provides the
following linguistic and technical implementation services:

  .  Localization. Lionbridge creates foreign language versions of its
     clients' products, content, and software applications, including the
     user interface, on-line help systems, documentation, technical support
     databases, training materials, and sales and marketing information.
     Lionbridge provides its clients with re-engineered, fully tested, and
     culturally adapted multilingual versions of their products and
     applications. Lionbridge uses a combination of internal and external
     translators, as well as translation software, for its localization
     services. Lionbridge has approximately 125 translators and editors who
     are employees and established relationships with a global network of
     over 2,500 third-party, local-country translators, including independent
     agencies and freelance professionals. Lionbridge also uses translation
     memory software to identify previously translated material for re-use.
     Its Rapid Globalization Methodology standardizes processes, defines key
     activities, and specifies

     goals for each localization project enabling it to deliver high quality,
     localized versions of products and related materials across multiple
     languages and cultures in a timely fashion.

  .  Internationalization. Lionbridge provides source code analysis and
     engineering services that enable software and Web application source
     code to be compatible with country-specific operating systems and
     localized software. Internationalization services are particularly
     critical when working with non-Roman languages such as in Asia and the
     Middle East. Internationalization may include re-engineering source code
     through a complex and highly specialized process to support the "double
     byte" character set requirements of the Japanese, Chinese and Korean
     languages, solving display issues for bi-directional languages such as
     Arabic or Hebrew, or making software compliant with the Unicode
     standard, which is a global standard for representing dozens of
     languages.

  .  Multilingual Technical Publishing  Lionbridge localizes user manuals,
     marketing and training materials and other product support information
     using a variety of desktop publishing and graphics software. Using its
     proprietary workflow technology included in the Lionbridge Globalization
     Platform, multiple language versions are simultaneously delivered to its
     clients in formats ready for printing or Internet delivery.

   Comprehensive Testing Services. As products are deployed throughout the
world, localized platforms can add complexity not existing in the originating
version. Lionbridge tests not only hardware and software products, but also
Web sites. Through its VeriTest division and its global network of labs,
Lionbridge provides the following product testing services:

  .  Functionality Testing. Lionbridge provides functionality and stress
     testing of its clients' products. Early in product development cycles,
     Lionbridge can assist software developers with compatibility or
     functional testing, assuring that the product works as intended and
     interoperates as required. In addition, as many of Lionbridge's clients
     across all industries deploy Web sites, there may be uncertainty
     understanding how much volume these Web sites can accommodate.
     Lionbridge's worldwide infrastructure enables it to provide real world
     concurrent testing from multiple locations to test the capabilities of a
     specific site under a number of scenarios.

  .  Multilingual Product Testing. Lionbridge provides localization testing,
     and software, hardware, and telecommunications internationalization
     testing, through its global network of VeriTest labs. Localization
     testing provides an opportunity to uncover errors that may result during
     the localization process before the product is placed into production
     and into the hands of end users. The goal of localization testing is to
     ensure that local language versions of the product perform consistently
     with the source language version. Internationalization testing is
     necessary to ensure that localized products function properly in the
     local hardware and software environment, including local operating
     systems, peripheral devices, and networking and communication standards.

  .  Logo Certification. Lionbridge, under its VeriTest brand, provides logo
     certification programs for many leading software companies, including
     Autodesk, BMC Software, Microsoft and Oracle. These sponsoring companies
     retain Lionbridge to develop and administer test criteria that
     independent software vendors must satisfy before they may display the
     sponsor's logo (such as Microsoft's Certified for Windows 2000) on their
     products. These certification tests confirm that independent software
     vendors' applications properly interact with those of the platform
     vendor. The logo is an indication to consumers of software quality and
     compatibility. Other Lionbridge logo programs include |Built with Object
     ARX (Autodesk), BMC Certified for Patrol, Designed for Microsoft Windows
     NT and Windows 98, and Oracle E-certified Warehouse.

   Multilingual Content Management Services. Lionbridge provides multilingual
content management services which consist of the continuous updating and other
ongoing management of its clients' localized software products and
multilingual Web content. By utilizing its proprietary technology and
integrating its processes and infrastructure with its clients' content
management processes and technology, Lionbridge is able to manage the
localization process in a semi-automated manner for large volumes of content.
Lionbridge's

multilingual content management services range from the localization of
streaming content and rolling software product releases to the continuous
updating of business information and other localized database content. Examples
of client content requiring these types of globalization services include: a
continuously updating on-line support site maintained in multiple languages; a
learning program which is constantly updated to reflect the latest products and
terminology; a marketing product database which is constantly evolving; and an
e-commerce site with rapidly changing products.

   As corporate Web sites become an integrated global resource, Lionbridge's
clients are increasingly using the Internet to deliver products, technical
support, training materials, and sales and marketing information. Its
globalization services help its clients maintain the quality and consistency of
their Web-based products and content in multiple languages and cultures.
Lionbridge's globalization service offerings support its clients' Web-based
initiatives in the following ways:

  .  eRelease. With the emergence of the Internet, its software clients are
     redesigning their products as Web components and applications, then
     releasing them and providing continuous updates over the Internet.
     Lionbridge provides the methodology and workflow systems to support
     continuous release of multilingual products and updates via the Web.

  .  eSupport. Lionbridge offers localization and maintenance of technical
     support Web sites, including frequently asked questions, product
     specifications, white papers, and technical support databases. As its
     clients continuously update this Web-based information, Lionbridge
     automatically updates the multilingual versions as well. Lionbridge has
     also begun to assist its clients in providing local language responses
     to technical support questions through e-mail.

  .  eLearning. Lionbridge's multilingual eLearning services enable its
     clients to provide updated training materials on the Web in multiple
     languages and culturally appropriate formats as they move from
     instructor-led classroom training to Internet distance learning.

  .  eCommerce. Lionbridge localizes Web-deployed products and information
     including sales and marketing materials, analyst reports, and on-line
     retail catalogs. Its services support continuous updates and revisions
     to these materials.

   For more information, see Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements of Lionbridge included in this proxy statement/prospectus for
financial information relating to Lionbridge's operating segments and
geographic areas of operation.

Sales and Marketing

   Substantially all of Lionbridge's revenue has been generated through its
dedicated direct sales force. Lionbridge currently has more than 50 direct
sales professionals based in the United States, Europe and Asia who sell the
full range of Lionbridge globalization services. Its sales approach is highly
consultative and often involves planning for an organization's ongoing
requirements, including future versions of products, and ongoing support,
maintenance, and training, related to both traditional and Web deployment.
There are often several different functional areas within the same organization
that require one or more of its services. Many of its clients do not coordinate
these purchases but buy these services at the department head level. As a
result, its sales professionals may call on several functional departments and
at various management levels within the same client organization.

   Lionbridge's marketing efforts are designed to create brand recognition and
demand for Lionbridge services throughout the world. Marketing programs include
targeted industry and solution-specific advertising campaigns, trade show
participation, speaking engagements, and promotion of customer success stories.
Lionbridge plans to continue to expand its sales and marketing activities.

Clients

   Lionbridge clients are generally Global 2000 and emerging companies in the
technology, telecommunications, life sciences and financial services
industries. During the year ended December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had provided
services to more than 500 clients worldwide. The following companies are
representative Lionbridge clients, each of whom had purchased more than
$1,000,000 in services from it in the year ended December 31, 2000:

      3 Com                     Informix                          Page Factory
      Cisco Systems             Intel                             Parametric Technology
      Cognos                    Microsoft                         Rational Software
      Hewlett Packard           Nortel Networks                   SAP
      Hyperion                  Novell                             Schneider Automation
      IBM

   In 2000, Lionbridge's largest client accounted for approximately 9% of total
revenue. In 2000, 1999 and 1998, its five largest clients accounted for
approximately 33%, 29% and 32%, respectively, of revenue.

Competition

   Lionbridge provides a broad range of globalization and multilingual Internet
service offerings to its clients. The market for its services is highly
fragmented, and it has many competitors. Lionbridge's current competitors
include the following:

  .  Localization or translation services providers such as Berlitz
     International, Bowne & Co., SDL Limited and regional vendors of
     translation services specializing in specific languages in particular
     geographic areas. More recently, companies which provide tool subsets or
     specific services have entered the market, including eTranslate, Idiom,
     Uniscape, and others;

  .  Independent testing labs providing testing and logo certification
     services such as National Software Testing Laboratories (a division of
     CMP Media), and Keylabs (a subsidiary of Exodus Communications); and

  .  Internal localization departments of Global 2000 and large emerging
     companies.

   Lionbridge may also face competition from a number of other companies in the
future, including some companies that currently seek localization services from
it. As businesses shift from telephonic support centers to Web-based support,
technical support call centers and others that currently provide traditional
outsourcing services may decide to provide comparable globalization services
over the Internet. Other potential entrants into Lionbridge's market include
Web consulting companies who are being asked by their customers to assist them
with international Web deployments. Currently, these companies are often
requesting localization assistance from Lionbridge. Over time, however, they
may determine to expand into localization to directly serve their customers'
requirements. Additionally, as hosting companies expand internationally and
require localization of the content they host, these companies may expand to
provide localization services themselves. As content management providers are
brought international by their customers, they will be required to assist their
customers with maintaining a multilingual database. While today they are often
working with us to assist in meeting their customers' needs, it is possible
that over time they will expand into offering competitive services.

   There are relatively few barriers preventing companies from competing with
Lionbridge. Its technology does not preclude or inhibit others from entering
its market. As a result, new market entrants pose a threat to its business.
While Lionbridge presently uses translation memory software licensed from third
parties in its localization process, and to a lesser extent machine translation
software also licensed from third parties, these technologies may improve and
become sophisticated enough to compete with its localization service offering.

   Lionbridge believes the principal competitive factors in providing its
services include project management expertise, quality and speed of service
delivery, vertical industry expertise, the ability to provide clients end-to-
end globalization solutions, expertise and presence in certain geographic
areas, corporate reputation, and expertise in Internet-related services.
Lionbridge believes it has competed favorably with respect to these factors and
has developed a strong reputation in its industry. However, it cannot assure
you that it will be able to do so in the future.

Intellectual Property Rights

   Lionbridge's success is dependent, in part, upon its proprietary Rapid
Globalization Methodology, its Lionbridge Globalization Platform connectivity,
workflow, language automation, and portal technologies, and other intellectual
property rights. Lionbridge has patents or patent applications pending relating
to its language automation translation memory engine. Lionbridge relies on a
combination of trade secret, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements,
and copyright and trademark laws to protect its intellectual property rights.
Existing trade secret and copyright laws afford it only limited protection.
Lionbridge enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees, require
that its outside consultants and generally its clients enter into these
agreements, and limits access to and distribution of its proprietary
information. Lionbridge cannot assure you that these arrangements will be
adequate to deter misappropriation of its proprietary information or that it
will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce
its intellectual property rights.

Human Resources

   As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had 1,062 employees. Of these, 750 were
consulting and service delivery professionals and 312 were management and
administrative personnel performing marketing, sales, operations, process and
technology, research and development, finance, accounting, and administrative
functions.

   Lionbridge has been successful in hiring individuals with leading-edge
technical skills and project management experience. In addition, Lionbridge is
committed to employee training and retention. Lionbridge has a dedicated
knowledge management team that initiates and oversees the training and
development of Lionbridge consulting and service delivery professionals. Key
organizational development initiatives include ongoing technical and project
management classes as well as career path management and guidance. Lionbridge
plans to continue to invest in attracting qualified employees.

   Most employees are eligible to participate in its stock option program,
under which it makes annual grants in varying amounts to its employees based
upon their position and individual contribution to the company. Additionally,
substantially all of its employees are eligible to participate in its employee
stock purchase program.

   Lionbridge's employees in Paris, France are represented by a labor union,
and it has works councils in The Netherlands and Germany. Lionbridge has never
experienced a work stoppage. Lionbridge believes that its employee relations
are good.

Properties

   Lionbridge maintains offices in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Ireland,
France, Germany, The Netherlands, China, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.
Lionbridge maintains sales offices in Charlotte, North Carolina and the
metropolitan areas of Albuquerque, Chicago, Seattle, Houston, Los Angeles, San
Francisco and New York in the United States; Dublin, Ireland; Paris, France;
Rendsburg and Hamburg, Germany; Beijing, China; and Tokyo, Japan.

   Lionbridge's headquarters and principal administrative, finance, legal, and
marketing operations are located in leased office space in Waltham,
Massachusetts. Lionbridge's lease is for a term of 3 years and expires on

August 1, 2002. Lionbridge maintains a facility in metropolitan Dublin, Ireland
and leases three floors under three separate leases expiring between September
14, 2025 and March 1, 2026. Lionbridge also maintains an operations center in
Framingham, Massachusetts under a lease with a 6-year term that expires in
February 2002. Lionbridge expects that it will need additional space as its
business expands and believe that it will be able to obtain additional space as
needed on commercially reasonable terms.

Legal Proceedings

   Lionbridge is not a party to any material legal proceedings.

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

   The following discussion contains forward-looking statements which involve
risks and uncertainties. Lionbridge makes these forward-looking statements
under the provision of the "Safe Harbor" section of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements should be
considered in light of the factors described in this proxy
statement/prospectus. For more information, see "Risk Factors." Actual results
may vary materially from those projected, anticipated or indicated in any
forward-looking statements. In this Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the words "anticipates,"
"believes," "expects," "intends," "future," "could," and similar words or
expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events,
conditions, or circumstances) identify forward-looking statements. The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with "Selected
Consolidated Financial Data of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions" and the
consolidated historical financial statements and related notes thereto, of
Lionbridge presented in this proxy statement/prospectus. For more information,
see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 105.

Overview

   Lionbridge provides globalization services to Global 2000 and emerging
companies. Founded in 1996, Lionbridge has clients in industries such as
technology, telecommunications, life sciences, and financial services.
Lionbridge services include strategic consulting, linguistic and technical
implementation, product testing, and multilingual content management.
Lionbridge manages some of its services under the VeriTest brand for functional
and logo certification testing, the Harvard Translations brand for specialty
translation and print/Web publishing services for the financial services and
life sciences industries, and the ChinaConnect brand for Web integration
services applicable to the Chinese-speaking market.

   Lionbridge's revenue is derived from project-by-project fees and, to a
lesser extent, long-term service agreements. Projects are generally billed on a
time and expense basis, and long-term service agreements are generally billed
on the basis of minimum volume commitments. Revenue is recognized using the
percentage-of-completion method of accounting, based on all costs incurred to
date as a percentage of management's estimate of total costs of individual
projects. The agreements entered into in connection with projects are generally
terminable by clients upon 30 days' prior written notice. If a client
terminates an agreement, it is required to pay Lionbridge for time and expenses
incurred through the termination date. If clients terminate existing projects
or if Lionbridge is unable to enter into new engagements, its financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

   Lionbridge has experienced operating losses, as well as net losses, for each
year of its operations as an independent company and, as of December 31, 2000,
had an accumulated deficit of $79.3 million.

Acquisitions

   Lionbridge has grown its business through a combination of acquisitions and
organic growth. Such acquisitions through December 31, 2000 have resulted in
the cumulative recognition of approximately $31.8 million of goodwill and other
intangible assets on its balance sheet, which are generally being amortized
over five years.

   In May 2000, Lionbridge acquired Harvard Translations, Inc., a company based
in Massachusetts, by means of a merger. Upon the effective date of the merger,
each outstanding share of Harvard Translations common stock was converted into
the right to receive 3.8864 shares of Lionbridge common stock. In addition,
long-term debt of Harvard Translations payable to its former sole stockholder
in the amount of approximately $203,000 and all accrued interest thereon was
paid in full by the issuance of 13,820 shares of Lionbridge common stock. As a
result of the merger, Lionbridge issued an aggregate of 285,865 shares of
Lionbridge common stock. Upon the completion of the acquisition, all
outstanding options to purchase common stock of

Harvard Translations were assumed by Lionbridge and converted into options to
purchase common stock of Lionbridge under similar terms. The transaction was
accounted for using the pooling-of-interests method of accounting.

   In May 2000, Lionbridge acquired INT'L.com, Inc., a company based in
Massachusetts, by means of a merger. Upon the effective date of the merger, (i)
each outstanding share of INT'L.com Series A common stock, Series B common
stock, Series A preferred stock and Series B preferred stock was converted into
the right to receive 0.7567 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (ii) each
outstanding share of INT'L.com Series C preferred stock was converted into the
right to receive 5.4590 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (iii) each
outstanding share of INT'L.com Series D preferred stock was converted into the
right to receive 0.5472 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (iv) the $2.0
million of INT'L.com convertible debt and all accrued interest thereon was paid
in full and cancelled in exchange for 109,158 shares of Lionbridge common
stock, and (v) the $5.0 million of INT'L.com subordinated debt and all accrued
interest thereon was paid in full and cancelled in exchange for 258,360 shares
of Lionbridge common stock. As a result of the merger, Lionbridge issued an
aggregate of 8,302,960 shares of common stock. Upon the completion of the
acquisition, all outstanding options to purchase common stock of INT'L.com were
assumed by Lionbridge and converted into options to purchase common stock of
Lionbridge under similar terms. The transaction was accounted for using the
pooling-of-interests method of accounting.

   The financial information presented below reflects the combined financial
position, operating results and cash flows of Lionbridge, Harvard Translations
and INT'L.com and their subsidiaries as if they had been combined for all
periods presented.

   In 1996, Lionbridge acquired the localization businesses of Stream
International in Ireland, The Netherlands, and France. Lionbridge acquired
these businesses on December 23, 1996 for $11.3 million in cash and the
assumption of $100,000 of liabilities. Lionbridge's acquisition of the
businesses was recorded as though the purchase had occurred on December 31,
1996, as the results of operations and changes in financial position between
the actual date of the purchase and this date were immaterial. The acquisition
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. In connection with
this acquisition, Lionbridge recorded $9.2 million of goodwill, which is being
amortized over five years. Additionally, during 1997, Lionbridge renegotiated
an earlier agreement with Stream International and purchased assets from three
subsidiaries of Stream International which represented the localization
businesses of Stream International in Japan, China, South Korea and Taiwan.
Lionbridge paid approximately $100,000 in cash and assumed liabilities of
$317,000 in exchange for these assets.

   In June 1998, Lionbridge entered into an agreement with Stream International
settling outstanding intercompany balances as well as claims that it had made
that Stream International had breached some of the representations, warranties
and covenants that it had made in connection with its acquisition of the
European businesses. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, Lionbridge's
purchase price for the European business was reduced by $531,000.

   In January 1998, Lionbridge acquired Japanese Language Services, Inc.
("JLS"), a company specializing in Japanese localization services with
operations in the United States and Japan, for total initial consideration of
$2.3 million consisting of cash of $2.2 million and 286,959 shares of common
stock valued at $86,000. Subsequent to the acquisition date, Lionbridge paid a
further $449,000 and issued 24,268 shares of common stock, valued at
approximately $35,000, in connection with the purchase. The acquisition was
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. In connection with this
acquisition, Lionbridge has recorded $2.8 million of goodwill, which is being
amortized over five years.

   In April 1998, Lionbridge acquired the business and assets of the Monterey,
California-based localization services division of Lucent Technologies, Inc.
for $1.0 million in cash. In connection with this acquisition, Lionbridge
recorded $470,000 of goodwill, which is being amortized over five years.

   In May 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired all
of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Sprache und Dokumentation GmbH
("S&D"), a company based in Germany, for total consideration of $512,000,
consisting of cash of $200,000 and 72,575 shares of common stock valued at
$312,000. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. In connection with this acquisition, $589,000 of goodwill was
recorded, which is being amortized over five years.

   In August 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired
Direct Language Communications, Inc. ("DLC"), a company based in California,
for total consideration of approximately $3.2 million, consisting of 666,165
shares of common stock valued at $511,000, 867,047 shares of Series A
convertible preferred stock valued at $1.8 million and 228,467 shares of Series
B redeemable convertible preferred stock valued at $850,000. The acquisition
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. In connection with
this acquisition, $2.2 million of goodwill was recorded, which is being
amortized over five years. In addition, warrants to purchase shares of DLC
common stock were exchanged for warrants to purchase 206,998 shares of
Lionbridge's common stock under similar terms. Warrants to purchase 10,170
shares of common stock were issued with an exercise price of $4.92 per share.
Additionally, warrants to purchase 196,828 shares of common stock were issued
with an exercise price of $1.43 per share. These warrants were exercised in
full in May 2000.

   In January 1999, Lionbridge acquired all of the stock of VeriTest, Inc.
("VeriTest"), a California-based provider of contract and logo certification
testing services. Lionbridge paid $3.3 million in cash and issued notes
totaling $750,000 and 66,668 shares of its common stock valued at $344,000.
Subsequent to the acquisition date, pursuant to terms of the original
agreement, Lionbridge paid a further $900,000 in cash in connection with the
purchase. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. In connection with this acquisition, Lionbridge has recorded $4.1
million of goodwill, which is being amortized over five years.

   In April 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired
International Language Engineering Corporation ("ILE"), a company based in
Colorado with additional operations in The Netherlands, for total consideration
of $9.2 million, consisting of 1,983,017 shares of common stock valued at $3.4
million and 936,991 shares of Series D redeemable preferred stock valued at
$5.8 million. In addition, long-term debt of ILE in the amount of $3.3 million
was assumed. Upon the completion of the acquisition, all outstanding options to
purchase common stock of ILE were exchanged for options to purchase common
stock of INT'L.com under similar terms. The transaction was accounted for using
the purchase method of accounting. In connection with this acquisition, $7.9
million of goodwill was recorded, which is being amortized over five years.

   At December 31, 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, had a
32.8% equity investment in Motus!, a French-based provider of localization and
translation services. This investment was accounted for using the equity
method, under which Lionbridge recorded its proportionate share of the (income)
loss of Motus! as other (income) expense, net. On September 30, 1999, INT'L.com
acquired the remaining shares of common stock of Motus! for $124,000 in cash
and options to purchase 4,540 shares of common stock of INT'L.com valued at
$20,000. The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. Goodwill of $217,000 was recorded in connection with this
acquisition, which is being amortized over five years.

   In January 2000, Lionbridge acquired certain assets and operations of the
language services operation of Nortel Networks Corporation ("Nortel") in
Montreal and Ottawa, Canada; Beijing, China; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Sunrise,
Florida; and Bogota, Colombia for total initial consideration of $2.5 million
in cash. In connection with the acquisition, Nortel awarded a preferred vendor
designation to Lionbridge as part of a three-year services agreement. The
purchase agreement provides for certain contingent payments to be made by
Lionbridge during the first three years of the services agreement, dependent on
the level of revenues generated under the services agreement during those
periods. No such contingent payments are due for the first year of the services
agreement. Lionbridge recorded $323,000 of goodwill related to this
acquisition, not including any

additional amounts that may be paid in the future, which is being amortized
over five years. The purchase was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting.

   Lionbridge believes its acquisitions contributed to its growth by rapidly
expanding its employee base, geographic coverage, client base, industry
expertise, and technical skills. Lionbridge anticipates that a material portion
of its future growth will be accomplished by acquiring existing businesses. The
success of this plan depends upon, among other things, its ability to integrate
acquired personnel, operations, products, and technologies into its
organization effectively; to retain and motivate key personnel of acquired
businesses; and to retain customers of acquired firms. Lionbridge cannot
guarantee that it will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities,
obtain any necessary financing on acceptable terms to finance any acquisitions,
consummate any acquisitions, or successfully integrate acquired personnel and
operations.

Non-Cash Charges

 Deferred Compensation

   Lionbridge recorded deferred compensation of approximately $3.8 million in
1999, representing the difference between the exercise price of stock options
granted to employees and the fair market value for accounting purposes of the
underlying common stock at the date of the grant. The deferred compensation is
being amortized over the four-year vesting period of the applicable options. Of
the total deferred compensation amount, $1.5 million had been amortized and
$584,000 had been reversed due to forfeitures of the underlying options at
December 31, 2000. The amortization of deferred compensation is recorded as an
operating expense and totaled $799,000 and $730,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Lionbridge currently expects to
amortize the following remaining amounts of deferred compensation as of
December 31, 2000 in the fiscal periods ending:

      December 31, 2001................................................ $756,000
      December 31, 2002................................................ $756,000
      December 31, 2003................................................ $178,000

 Original Issue Discount on Debt

   Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 includes
approximately $212,000 and $42,000, respectively, for the accretion of the
original issue discount on $2.0 million of convertible promissory notes issued
in August 1999 by Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com. This
discount represents the $254,000 value attributable to warrants to purchase
56,753 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of $1.45 per share, granted
in connection with these notes. These warrants were fully exercised in May 2000
in connection with its merger with INT'L.com.

   Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 1999 includes approximately
$6.0 million for the accretion of the original issue discount on $12.0 million
of subordinated notes issued in the first quarter of 1999. This discount
represents the $6.0 million value attributable to detachable warrants to
purchase 1,533,260 shares of common stock, at an exercise price of $0.015 per
share, granted in connection with this debt financing. As Lionbridge was
previously required to repay the subordinated notes in full upon the closing of
its initial public offering, it recorded the expense of this discount on a
straight-line basis over a six-month period from date of debt issuance to the
date by which it expected the initial public offering to occur. Pursuant to an
amendment of the debt agreements effective August 19, 1999, Lionbridge was
required to redeem only $6.0 million of the subordinated notes upon the closing
of its initial public offering of securities on August 25, 1999.

Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial data as a
percentage of total revenues.

                                                        Year Ended December
                                                                31,
                                                        ---------------------
                                                         2000    1999   1998
                                                        ------  ------  -----

   Revenue.............................................  100.0%  100.0% 100.0%
   Cost of revenue.....................................   63.2    70.6   66.7
                                                        ------  ------  -----
     Gross profit......................................   36.8    29.4   33.3
                                                        ------  ------  -----
   Operating expenses:
     Sales and marketing...............................    9.9    11.4    8.5
     General and administrative........................   28.8    33.0   27.5
     Research and development..........................    2.2     2.5    0.4
     Amortization of acquisition-related intangible
      assets...........................................    5.6     6.9    4.1
     Merger, restructuring and other charges...........    3.7     1.3    0.8
     Acquired in-process research and development......    --      0.3    --
     Stock-based compensation..........................    0.7     0.8    --
                                                        ------  ------  -----
       Total operating expenses........................   50.9    56.2   41.3
                                                        ------  ------  -----
   Loss from operations................................  (14.1)  (26.8)  (8.0)
   Interest expense:
     Interest on outstanding debt......................    2.2     2.7    1.4
     Accretion of discount on debt.....................    0.2     6.7    --
   Other (income) expense, net.........................    0.6     0.4   (0.1)
                                                        ------  ------  -----
   Loss before income taxes............................  (17.1)  (36.6)  (9.3)
   Provision for (benefit from) income taxes...........    0.5     0.8   (0.5)
                                                        ------  ------  -----
   Net loss............................................ (17.6)% (37.4)% (8.8)%
                                                        ======  ======  =====

Year Ended December 31, 2000 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1999

   Revenue. In 2000, revenue increased 29.7% to $115.1 million from $88.8
million in 1999. This increase results from both an increase in the number of
customers as well as an increase in project size during 2000 as compared to
1999. Additionally, results for 2000 reflected revenue derived from the
operations acquired from Nortel in January 2000 which accounted for $6.4
million of the increase as well as the operations of ILE which were only
included in 1999 for nine months.

   Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses incurred for
translation services provided by third parties as well as salaries and
associated employee benefits for personnel related to client projects. As a
percentage of revenue, cost of revenue was 63.2% in 2000, a decrease of 7.4%
from the 70.6% level of 1999. These decreases are primarily attributable to
decreased outsourcing costs as INT'L.com adopted the Lionbridge outsourcing
pricing structure in the second half of 2000 as well as a reduction in the
internal cost of sales due to the consolidation of certain offices in 2000.

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries, commissions and associated employee benefits, travel expenses of
sales and marketing personnel, and promotional expenses. Sales and marketing
costs increased 12.3% to $11.4 million in 2000 from $10.1 million in 1999. This
increase was primarily due to expenses associated with the hiring of seven
additional direct sales personnel in 2000. As a percentage of revenue, sales
and marketing expenses decreased to 9.9% from 11.4% during 2000 as a result of
the rate of revenue growth during the year exceeding the corresponding rate of
increase in sales and marketing expense. Sales and marketing expenses are
expected to continue to increase in absolute dollars as Lionbridge continues to
expand its marketing programs.

   General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses consist of
salaries of the management, purchasing, process and technology, finance and
administrative groups, and associated employee benefits; facilities costs,
including related depreciation and amortization; information systems costs;
professional fees; travel; and all other site and corporate costs. General and
administrative costs increased 13.4% to $33.1 million in 2000 from $29.2
million in 1999, partially as a result of the acquisition of the Nortel
operations in January 2000 and the full-year impact of the acquisition of ILE
in the second quarter of 1999. Also contributing to the increase are higher
depreciation expense, the full-year impact of expenses related to being a
publicly traded company and costs associated with an increased number of
employees. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses were
28.8% in 2000 compared to 33.0% in 1999.

   Research and Development. Research and development expenses relate to
Foreign Desk(R) and LionTrack(R), Lionbridge's proprietary translation memory
and internal workflow systems which are components of the Lionbridge
Globalization Platform, and include salaries and associated employee benefits,
equipment depreciation and third-party contractor expenses. Research and
development expense increased 13.6% to $2.5 million in 2000 from $2.2 million
in 1999. This increase reflects the full-year impact of LionTrack development
efforts which commenced during the first quarter of 1999.

   Merger, Restructuring and Other Charges. Merger costs for the year ended
December 31, 2000 of $2.5 million consist of fees for investment banking, legal
and accounting services and other direct costs incurred in connection with
Lionbridge's mergers with Harvard Translations and INT'L.com.

   Restructuring charges of $915,000 recorded in the year ended December 31,
2000 relate to (i) the costs of closing facilities in the United States, France
and The Netherlands as a result of the merger with INT'L.com, consisting
primarily of accruals for lease payments on vacant office space, and (ii) costs
associated with workforce reductions in Canada, the United States and France,
consisting of six technical staff and three administrative staff. All employees
had been informed of their termination and related benefits in the period that
the charge was recorded. The restructuring charges are presented net of a
$162,000 reversal of charge recorded in the second quarter of 2000 due to
subsequent events which have reduced the potential loss on vacant office space.
At the time of the charges, Lionbridge did not anticipate any significant net
impact on operating results from these restructuring actions.

   Impairment charges for long-lived assets of $886,000 were recorded in 2000
and consist primarily of the write-off of previously capitalized software
licenses that were abandoned as a result of Lionbridge's merger with INT'L.com.
At December 31, 2000 accruals totaling $394,000 related to restructuring
charges remained on the consolidated balance sheet in other accrued expenses;
no accruals remained for merger costs.

   Restructuring charges of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999
consisted of restructuring charges related to workforce reductions in
INT'L.com's United States operating sites, consisting of 36 technical staff, 14
administrative staff and four sales staff.

   Amortization of Acquisition-related Intangible Assets. Amortization of
acquisition-related intangible assets consists of amortization of goodwill and
other intangible assets resulting from acquired businesses. Amortization
increased 6.4% to $6.5 million in 2000 from $6.1 million in 1999. This increase
is primarily attributable to the amortization of goodwill and other intangible
assets recognized on the acquisition of the Nortel language services operations
in 2000 as well as the full-year impact of ILE which was only acquired in the
second quarter of 1999.

   Interest Expense. Interest expense represents interest paid or payable on
debt and the accretion of original issue discount on subordinated notes with
detachable warrants. Interest expense decreased to $2.7 million in 2000 from
$8.4 million in 1999. This decrease was principally due to a decrease in the
accretion of the original issue discount on notes issued in 1999 to $212,000
from $6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

   Other (Income) Expense, Net. Other (income) expense, net consists primarily
of foreign currency translation gains or losses arising from exchange rate
fluctuations on transactions denominated in currencies other than the local
currencies of the countries in which the transactions are recorded. As a
percentage of revenue, other (income) expense, net, increased to 0.6% from 0.4%
for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Other (income)
expense, net increased 103.4% to $714,000 in 2000 from $351,000 in 1999.

   Provision for Income Taxes. The provision for income taxes for the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 represents taxes generated in foreign
jurisdictions. Of the provision amounts booked for 2000 and 1999, $143,000 and
$519,000, respectively, represent noncash expenses resulting from utilizations
of net operating loss carryforwards. The benefit from Lionbridge's utilization
of net operating loss carryforwards in certain European countries during these
periods was recorded as a reduction of goodwill, rather than a tax provision
benefit, since the deferred tax assets associated with these carryforwards had
been fully reserved at the time it acquired Stream's localization businesses.
Lionbridge recorded no tax benefit for losses generated in other jurisdictions
during these periods due to the uncertainty of realizing any benefit.

Year Ended December 31, 1999 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1998

   Revenue. In 1999, revenue increased 48.5% to $88.8 million from $59.8
million in 1998. This increase results from both an increase in number of
clients as well as an increase in project size. Additionally, the 1999 results
reflect the impact of the VeriTest and ILE acquisitions, which accounted for
approximately $5.7 million and $13.0 million of revenue in 1999, respectively.

   Cost of Revenue. As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue was 70.6% in
1999, compared to the 1998 level of 66.7%, primarily due to the increased
compensation and other costs associated with the increase in the employee base
as a result of acquisitions completed during the year. The fixed cost of
revenue as a percentage of revenue was impacted in fiscal 1999 compared to
fiscal 1998 by the acquisition in January 1999 of VeriTest, which had a higher
ratio of fixed costs to revenue.

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing costs increased 100.7% to $10.1
million in 1999 from $5.1 million in 1998. This increase was primarily due to
expenses associated with the continued hiring of additional direct sales
personnel in fiscal 1999, as well as expanded marketing activities including
advertising and public relations initiatives. As a percentage of revenue, sales
and marketing expenses increased to 11.4% in 1999 from 8.5% during 1998.

   General and Administrative. General and administrative costs increased 78.3%
to $29.2 million in 1999 from $16.4 million in 1998. The increase was primarily
due to the full year impact of 1998 acquisitions, partial-year impact of the
1999 acquisitions and integration expenses of these acquisitions as well as
increased headcount in management and support functions. As a percentage of
revenue, general and administrative expenses were 32.9% in 1999 compared to
27.4% in 1998.

   Research and Development. Research and development expenses totaled $2.2
million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an approximately $2.0 million
increase from the year ended December 31, 1998, when research and development
efforts on its proprietary technology first commenced.

   Amortization of Acquisition-related Intangible Assets. Amortization
increased 150.0% to $6.1 million in 1999 from $2.4 million in 1998. This
increase is primarily attributable to the amortization of goodwill and other
intangible assets from the acquisitions of VeriTest and International Language
Engineering in 1999 as well as the full-year effect of 1998 acquisitions.

   Merger, Restructuring and Other Charges. Merger, restructuring and other
charges of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 consisted of
restructuring charges related to workforce reductions in INT'L.com's United
States operating sites, consisting of 36 technical staff, 14 administrative
staff and four

sales staff. Merger, restructuring and other charges of $501,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1998 consisted of restructuring charges related to
reductions in Lionbridge's workforce in France, where it reduced its technical
staff by five employees as a result of a decrease in resources required to
fulfill work orders under a specific customer contract. For the actions taken
in each year, all employees had been informed of their termination and related
benefits in the period that the corresponding charge was recorded. At the time
of the charges, Lionbridge did not anticipate any significant net impact on
operating results from these restructuring actions.

   Acquired In-Process Research and Development. Acquired in-process research
and development expense of $300,000 in 1999 represents a portion of the
International Language Engineering acquisition purchase price which was
allocated to projects that had no alternative future use and had not yet
reached technological feasibility, and therefore was charged to operations at
the acquisition date.

   Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 924.3% to $8.4 million in 1999
from $816,000 in 1998. The increase is principally due to the accretion of $6.0
million of original issue discount on subordinated notes issued in 1999 and to
increased interest as a result of greater borrowings through notes issued and
its commercial credit facility.

   Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes. The provision for income taxes
for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 represents taxes generated in
foreign jurisdictions, partially offset in 1998 by a tax benefit of $565,000
resulting from losses of its wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, being carried
back to prior profitable periods. The benefit from Lionbridge's utilization of
net operating loss carryforwards in Europe during these periods was recorded as
a reduction of goodwill, rather than a tax provision benefit, since the
deferred tax assets associated with these carryforwards had been fully reserved
at the time it acquired Stream International's localization businesses.
Lionbridge recorded no tax benefit for losses generated in other jurisdictions
during these periods due to the uncertainty of realizing any benefit.

Quarterly Results of Operations

   The following tables set forth unaudited consolidated quarterly financial
data for the periods indicated. Lionbridge derived this data from its unaudited
consolidated financial statements, and, in the opinion of management, they have
been prepared on the same basis as its audited consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, and include all
adjustments, which consist only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to
present fairly the financial results for the periods. Certain quarterly amounts
have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation. The operating
results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any
future period.

                                                         Quarter Ended
                          -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Dec. 31,  Sept. 30, June 30,  March 31, Dec. 31,  Sept. 30, June 30,  March 31,
                            2000      2000      2000      2000      1999      1999      1999      1999
                          --------  --------- --------  --------- --------  --------- --------  ---------
                                                          (Unaudited)
                                                    (Amounts in thousands)

Revenue.................  $27,720    $30,345  $28,888    $28,196  $23,861    $23,575  $23,072    $18,256
Cost of revenue.........   17,540     18,091   17,613     19,502   18,052     15,505   16,314     12,773
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
 Gross profit...........   10,180     12,254   11,275      8,694    5,809      8,070    6,758      5,483
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....    3,023      2,756    2,731      2,874    2,906      2,625    2,610      2,000
 General and
  administrative........    8,886      8,039    8,145      8,073    7,891      7,668    7,958      5,705
 Research and
  development...........      615        605      524        774      894        746      470        106
 Amortization of
  acquisition-related
  intangible assets.....    1,681      1,637    1,580      1,605    1,872      1,649    1,670        922
 Merger, restructuring
  and other charges.....      --         725    3,541        --       450        --       747        --
 Acquired in-process
  research and
  development...........      --         --       --         --       --         --       300        --
 Stock-based
  compensation..........      168        202      212        217      265        233      187         45
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
 Total operating
  expenses..............   14,373     13,964   16,733     13,543   14,278     12,921   13,942      8,778
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Loss from operations....   (4,193)    (1,710)  (5,458)    (4,849)  (8,469)    (4,851)  (7,184)    (3,295)
Interest expense:
 Interest on outstanding
  debt..................      647        704      607        565      611        567      693        478
 Accretion of discount
  on debt...............      --         --        79        133       31      1,879    3,016      1,083
Other (income) expense,
 net....................      170        196      123        225      146       (114)      85        234
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Loss before income
 taxes..................   (5,010)    (2,610)  (6,267)    (5,772)  (9,257)    (7,183) (10,978)    (5,090)
Provision for (benefit
 from) income taxes.....      136        201       75        204      173      1,760   (1,021)      (213)
                          -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------  -------    -------
Net loss................  $(5,146)   $(2,811) $(6,342)   $(5,976) $(9,430)   $(8,943) $(9,957)   $(4,877)
                          =======    =======  =======    =======  =======    =======  =======    =======

   Lionbridge has experienced quarter-to-quarter variability in its revenue and
gross profit. This variability is due to fluctuations in its clients' release
cycles, the length of its sales cycle, rapid growth, acquisitions, the emerging
nature of the markets in which it competes, global economic conditions and
other factors outside its control. Lionbridge believes that quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful. You should
not rely on these comparisons as a measure of future performance.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Since inception, Lionbridge has relied upon sales of equity securities and
borrowings to fund operations. On August 25, 1999, Lionbridge completed its
initial public offering of 3,500,000 shares of common stock. After deducting
expenses, Lionbridge received approximately $31.8 million in cash proceeds from
this transaction. In June 2000, Lionbridge issued 1,500,000 shares of common
stock at $8.50 per share in a private placement for total consideration before
expenses of approximately $12.8 million.

   Net cash used in operations was $8.6 million in 2000, $10.1 million in 1999,
and $2.7 million in 1998. Cash used in these periods was primarily to fund the
net losses of $20.3 million, $33.2 million and $5.2 million

incurred during these years, respectively, offset in part by depreciation,
amortization and other non-cash expenses, and changes in operating assets and
liabilities. Changes in operating assets and liabilities were largely the
result of the growth of Lionbridge's business operations during these periods.
Lionbridge has not experienced any significant trends in accounts receivable
other than changes relative to increases in sales. Fluctuations in accounts
receivable from period to period relative to changes in sales are a result of
the timing of customer invoicing and receipt of payments from customers.

   Net cash used in investing activities was $6.0 million in 2000, $5.6 million
in 1999, and $7.6 million in 1998. Investing activities for these periods were
primarily purchases of equipment and the acquisitions of JLS, the localization
services division of Lucent Technologies, S&D, and DLC in 1998, VeriTest, ILE,
and Motus! in 1999, and certain assets of the language services operation of
Nortel in 2000.

   Net cash provided by financing activities was $19.0 million in 2000, $27.2
million in 1999, and $10.1 million in 1998. The primary financing activities
were the completion of Lionbridge's initial public offering in 1999 and the
private placement of common stock in 2000, with additional resources being
provided by borrowings against its bank lines of credit in each year as well as
the issuance of the subordinated debt and convertible promissory notes in 1999
and 2000.

   As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had $10.3 million outstanding under two
commercial credit facilities with a bank that allow Lionbridge to borrow up to
$13.0 million, expiring in January and February 2001. Both credit facilities
were renewed in January 2001 with a maturity date of April 20, 2001. The bank
has indicated in a letter to Lionbridge its intention to renew the credit
facilities through January 2002. The facilities require Lionbridge to maintain
certain financial covenants and restrict the payment of dividends. The
facilities bear interest at rates ranging from prime plus 1.0% to prime plus
2.00% (9.5% to 10.5% at December 31, 2000) and are collateralized by worldwide
accounts receivable and work in process.

   In the first quarter of 1999, Lionbridge entered into subordinated loan
agreements with Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P. and Morgan
Stanley Venture Investors Annex, L.P., existing stockholders of Lionbridge, and
Capital Resource Lenders III, L.P. Under the terms of the agreements,
Lionbridge issued $12.0 million of subordinated notes with detachable warrants
to purchase 1,533,260 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $0.015
per share. The agreements require Lionbridge to comply with several operating
and financial covenants, including a prohibition on the payment of dividends to
its stockholders. In connection with its initial public offering, Lionbridge
repaid $6.0 million of the subordinated notes and Capital Resource Lenders and
the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships agreed to defer the repayment
of the remaining $6.0 million of the subordinated notes that would otherwise
have been due upon the completion of its initial public offering. A subsequent
amendment of the debt agreements in March 2001 extended the maturity date of
the notes to the earlier of January 31, 2002 or an underwritten public offering
by Lionbridge with aggregate proceeds of at least $10,000,000. In the event of
a qualifying underwritten public offering, acquisition or merger or other
change of control of Lionbridge, 50% of the then outstanding notes and accrued
interest are payable, with the remaining amount maturing on January 31, 2002.

   In the second quarter of 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary,
INT'L.com, assumed ILE's obligation under a promissory note to a former
stockholder in the amount of $3.3 million as part of its acquisition of ILE.
The promissory note accrues interest at 8.5% per year and matures June 27,
2002. The promissory note is subordinate to all indebtedness owed by INT'L.com
to any bank, pension fund, insurance fund or other financial institution.

   As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge's other significant financial
commitments consisted of $4.3 million of notes payable, of which $750,000
accrued interest at 8.0% per annum and matured and were paid in January 2001
and of which $3.5 million accrue interest at 6.0% per annum, increasing by 1.0%
per annum and mature in January 2005. Lionbridge also has obligations of
$848,000 under an equipment line of credit and obligations under operating and
capital leases.

   Lionbridge has an agreement with the Irish Industrial Development Agency
regarding financial grants to its Irish subsidiary from this agency. Under the
agreement, the Irish subsidiary may not pay dividends or otherwise distribute
its cash, including any distributions to Lionbridge. In addition, Lionbridge's
European subsidiaries, including its Irish subsidiary, are restricted from
paying dividends to it under the terms of its commercial credit facility with
Silicon Valley Bank. These restrictions have not had a material impact on
Lionbridge or any of its subsidiaries and it does not expect that these
restrictions will have a material impact in the future.

   As of December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had cash and cash equivalents of $16.7
million and an additional $1.5 million available for borrowing under the bank
lines of credit. Its future financing requirements will depend upon a number of
factors, including Lionbridge's operating performance and increases in
operating expenses associated with growth in its business. Lionbridge
anticipates that its present cash position and available financing should
provide adequate cash to fund its currently anticipated cash needs through at
least the next 12 months. Lionbridge cannot assure you that additional
financing, if needed, will be available to Lionbridge at terms acceptable to
it, if at all.

Conversion to the Euro

   On January 1, 1999, 11 European countries began using the Euro as their
single currency, while still continuing to use their own notes and coins for
cash transactions. Banknotes and coins denominated in Euros are expected to be
in circulation by 2002, at which time local notes and coins will cease to be
legal tender. Lionbridge conducts a significant amount of business in these
countries. The introduction of the Euro has not resulted in any material
adverse impact upon the results of its operations, although Lionbridge
continues to monitor the effects of the conversion. Any significant
fluctuations in the value of the Euro could adversely impact the results of its
operations.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 133 was amended on
July 7, 1999 by the issuance of SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB
Statement No. 133--an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133." SFAS No. 137 defers
the implementation of SFAS No. 133 by one year. SFAS No. 133, as amended, is
effective for fiscal quarters beginning after December 31, 2000 for Lionbridge,
and Lionbridge does not expect its adoption to have a material impact on its
financial position or results of operations.

   In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities--a
replacement of FASB Statement No. 125." SFAS No. 140 revises the standards for
accounting for securitizations and other transfers of financial assets and
collateral and requires certain disclosures, but it carries over most of SFAS
No. 125's provisions without reconsideration. SFAS No. 140 is effective for
transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities
occurring after March 31, 2001. SFAS No. 140 is effective for recognition and
reclassification of collateral and for disclosures relating to securitization
transactions and collateral for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2000.
Lionbridge does not expect the application of SFAS No. 140 to have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

   Lionbridge is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates
and foreign currency exchange rates. Lionbridge does not use derivative
financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

   Interest Rate Risk. Lionbridge is exposed to market risk from changes in
interest rates primarily through its investing activities. In addition, its
ability to finance future acquisition transactions may be impacted if it is
unable to obtain appropriate financing at acceptable rates. Lionbridge's
investment portfolio consists primarily of investments in high-grade commercial
bank money market accounts. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest
rates would not have a material impact on the carrying value of its investments
due to their immediate available liquidity or their short maturity.

   Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Losses. The majority of Lionbridge's
contracts with clients are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, 36% of its
costs and expenses in 2000 and 59% of its costs and expenses in 1999 were
denominated in foreign currencies. 41% and 35% of its assets were recorded in
foreign currencies as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. 22% and 17%
of its liabilities were recorded in foreign currencies as of December 31, 2000
and 1999, respectively. Therefore, Lionbridge is exposed to foreign currency
exchange risks. Lionbridge has not historically tried to reduce its exposure to
exchange rate fluctuations by using hedging transactions. However, it may
choose to do so in the future. Lionbridge may not be able to do this
successfully. Accordingly, it may experience economic loss and a negative
impact on earnings and equity as a result of foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations.

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of Lionbridge's common stock as of March 31, 2001 for (i) each person
who is known by Lionbridge to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding
shares of common stock, (ii) each director of Lionbridge, (iii) each named
executive officer of Lionbridge and (iv) all of the directors and executive
officers of Lionbridge as a group.

   Except as noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is c/o
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., 950 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451.

                                                   Amount and      Percent of
                                                    Nature of        Common
                                                   Beneficial        Stock
            Name of Beneficial Owner             Ownership(1)(2) Outstanding(3)
            ------------------------             --------------- --------------

Rory J. Cowan (4)...............................    2,268,916          8.1%

Marcia J. Hooper(5).............................    4,364,004         15.6%
c/o Advent International Corporation
75 State Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Guy L. de Chazal(6).............................    3,163,755         11.3%
c/o Morgan Stanley Venture Capital
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor
New York, New York 10020

Paul Kavanagh(7)................................       76,167            *
"Arcachon"
Strathmore Road, Killiney, Co. Dublin, Ireland

Claude P. Sheer(8)..............................        7,166            *
240 Main Street
Boxford, Massachusetts 01921

Roger O. Jeanty (9).............................    1,630,819          5.8%

Myriam Martin-Kail (10).........................      321,386          1.1%

Stephen J. Lifshatz (11)........................      212,000             *

Peter H. Wright (12)............................      125,117             *

Morgan Stanley Dean Witter-sponsored limited        3,424,568         12.2%
partnerships(13)................................
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor
New York, New York 10020

Advent-sponsored limited partnerships(14).......    4,364,004         15.6%
75 State Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Cornerstone Equity Investors IV, L.P............    2,399,853          8.6%
717 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1100
New York, New York 10022

All executive officers and directors as a group    12,169,330         42.5%
(9 persons)(15)....................................

- --------
 *  Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock.
(1) The persons identified in the table possess sole voting and investment
    power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them,
    except as noted in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community
    property laws.
(2) The inclusion herein of any shares of common stock deemed beneficially
    owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those
    shares.

 (3) Based on 28,038,697 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31,
     2001. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of
     the Securities and Exchange Commission and includes voting and investment
     power with respect to the shares of common stock. Shares of common stock
     subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
     after March 31, 2001 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
     ownership of the person holding these options, but are not deemed
     outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
 (4) Includes 58,332 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Cowan
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (5) Includes 357,849 shares held by Advent Euro-Italian Direct Investment
     Program Limited Partnership; 96,191 shares held by Advent Partners Limited
     Partnership; 2,613,975 shares held by Global Private Equity II Limited
     Partnership; 549,683 shares held by Global Private Equity II--Europe
     Limited Partnership; and 746,306 shares held by Global Private Equity II--
     PGGM Limited Partnership. Ms. Hooper is a partner of Advent International
     Corporation, which is the general partner of Advent International Limited
     Partnership, the general partner of the Advent-sponsored limited
     partnerships. Ms. Hooper may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held
     by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships. Ms. Hooper disclaims
     beneficial ownership of all these shares, except to the extent of her
     pecuniary interest therein.
 (6) Includes 2,744,105 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
     Annex, L.P. and 375,235 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
     Annex, L.P. and 44,415 shares held directly by Mr. de Chazal. Mr. de
     Chazal is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Morgan Stanley
     Venture Capital II, Inc., the managing general partner of Morgan Stanley
     Venture Partners II, L.P., which is the general partner of each of the
     Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships. Mr. de Chazal may be deemed
     to beneficially own the shares held by the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
     limited partnerships. Mr. de Chazal disclaims beneficial ownership of all
     these shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
 (7) Includes 9,500 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Kavanagh
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (8) Represents 7,166 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Sheer
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (9) Includes 112,973 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Jeanty
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001 and
     384,420 shares held by Tracy A. Jeanty, Mr. Jeanty's wife. Mr. Jeanty
     disclaims beneficial ownership of all these shares held by Mrs. Jeanty.
(10) Represents shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Ms. Martin-Kail
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
(11) Includes 75,735 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Lifshatz
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
(12) Includes 36,665 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Wright
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
(13) Includes 2,744,105 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
     Annex, L.P., and 375,235 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
     Annex, L.P. The general partner of each of the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
     limited partnerships is Morgan Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P. Morgan
     Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. is the managing general partner of Morgan
     Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P. and exercises sole voting and investment
     power with respect to all shares held of record by the Morgan Stanley-
     sponsored limited partnerships; individually, no stockholder, director or
     officer of Morgan Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. is deemed to have or
     share voting or investment power. In addition, Morgan Stanley Venture
     Capital II, Inc., holds 305,228 shares directly.
(14) Includes 357,849 shares held by Advent Euro--Italian Direct Investment
     Program Limited Partnership; 96,191 shares held by Advent Partners Limited
     Partnership; 2,613,975 shares held by Global Private Equity II Limited
     Partnership; 549,683 shares held by Global Private Equity II--Europe
     Limited Partnership; and 746,306 shares held by Global Private Equity II--
     PGGM Limited Partnership. The general partner of the Advent-sponsored
     limited partnerships is Advent International Limited Partnership. Advent
     International Corporation is the general partner of Advent International
     Limited Partnership and exercises sole voting and investment power with
     respect to all shares held of record by the Advent-

    sponsored limited partnerships; individually, no stockholder, director or
    officer of Advent International Corporation is deemed to have or share
    this voting or investment power.
(15) Includes 621,757 shares of common stock which the directors and executive
     officers as a group have the right to acquire pursuant to options
     exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001. Includes 4,364,004 shares
     held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships that Ms. Hooper may be
     deemed to beneficially own and 3,119,340 shares held by the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships that Mr. de Chazal may be deemed
     to beneficially own.

MANAGEMENT

 Directors and Executive Officers

   The following table presents information about each of Lionbridge's
executive officers and directors as of March 31, 2001.

Name                     Age                               Position
- ----                     ---                               --------

Rory J. Cowan...........  48 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Class III Director
Roger O. Jeanty.........  50 President and Class I Director
Stephen J. Lifshatz.....  42 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Myriam Martin-Kail......  47 Senior Vice President, Operations
Peter H. Wright.........  39 Senior Vice President, Sales
Guy L. de Chazal........  53 Class II Director
Marcia J. Hooper........  46 Class II Director
Paul Kavanagh...........  59 Class III Director
Claude P. Sheer.........  50 Class I Director

   Rory J. Cowan founded Lionbridge in September 1996. Mr. Cowan served as
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Stream International, Inc., a software
and services provider, from May 1995 to June 1996. Mr. Cowan was also the
Chief Executive Officer of Interleaf, Inc. from October 1996 to January 1997.
He was an Executive Vice President of R.R. Donnelley & Sons, a provider of
commercial print and print-related services, from January 1991 to June 1996.
Mr. Cowan also serves as a director of NewsEdge Corporation.

   Roger O. Jeanty joined Lionbridge as a director and President in May 2000
upon the merger of INTL.com, Inc. into Lionbridge. Mr. Jeanty was a founder of
one of INTL.com's predecessors and was employed by INT'L.com and its
predecessors since 1984. He served as a director of INT'L.com from 1998 until
May 2000. Prior thereto, Mr. Jeanty held a number of management positions in
international and technical areas, including Software Localization manager at
Data General and Executive Vice President of the International Software
Center.

   Stephen J. Lifshatz joined Lionbridge in January 1997. Mr. Lifshatz served
as the Chief Financial Officer of The Dodge Group from May 1996 to January
1997. He served in a number of senior financial roles, including Chief
Financial Officer of Marcam Corporation, a publicly traded software company,
from May 1984 to May 1996.

   Myriam Martin-Kail joined Lionbridge in December 1996. Ms. Martin-Kail
served as European Director for Localization of Stream International, Inc.
from April 1995 to December 1996 and Operations Manager, Dublin from September
1994 to September 1995.

   Peter H. Wright joined Lionbridge in January 1997. Mr. Wright was
previously the Sales Director at Berlitz International, Inc. for their
localization business from August 1991 to November 1996.

   Guy L. de Chazal has been a director of Lionbridge since February 1998. Mr.
de Chazal has been with Morgan Stanley since 1984, most recently as a managing
director of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Morgan Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. Mr. de Chazal is a director
of Weblink Wireless, Inc. and several private companies.

   Marcia J. Hooper has been a director of Lionbridge since December 1996.
Since May 1996, Ms. Hooper has been a partner with the Information Technology
Group of Advent International Corporation, a venture capital company. From July
1994 to April 1996, she served as a partner of Viking Capital Group, a venture
capital company focused on early stage investments. Ms. Hooper is also a
director of Worldgate Communications, Inc. and PolyMedica Corporation.

   Paul Kavanagh has been a director of Lionbridge since December 1996. Mr.
Kavanagh has served as an industry consultant since January 1998. Mr. Kavanagh
served as President Europe, Middle East and Africa of Stream International,
Inc. from August 1995 to January 1998. From April 1992 to August 1995, Mr.
Kavanagh was Managing Director Europe, Middle East and Africa of R.R. Donnelley
& Sons.

   Claude P. Sheer has been a director of Lionbridge since March 1999. Mr.
Sheer has served as an industry analyst and consultant since April 1999 and is
a partner of Barn Ventures, L.L.C. Mr. Sheer served as Senior Advisor to and
Chief Internet Strategist of Ziff Davis from November 1998 through April 1999.
From 1980 to November 1998, Mr. Sheer served in a number of executive roles for
Ziff Davis, including President, ZD Publishing; President, US Publications; and
President, Business Media Group.

   Lionbridge's executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion
of the board of directors and until their successors have been duly elected and
qualified. There are no family relationships among any of its executive
officers and directors.

 The Board of Directors; Meetings of the Board; Committees of the Board

   The board of directors of Lionbridge is currently fixed at six members and
divided into three classes. Each class serves for three years, with the terms
of office of the respective classes expiring in successive years. The directors
in Class II are nominees for election to three-year terms at the 2001
Lionbridge annual meeting of stockholders. The directors in Class III will be
nominees for election to three-year terms at the 2002 Lionbridge annual meeting
of stockholders and the directors in Class I will be nominees for election to
three-year terms at the 2003 Lionbridge annual meeting of stockholders.

   The board of directors has an audit committee and a compensation committee,
both of which are comprised solely of independent directors.

   The audit committee selects the independent auditors to be employed by
Lionbridge, reviews generally the internal and external audit plans and the
results thereof, and reviews generally Lionbridge's internal controls with the
auditors. The members of the audit committee are Ms. Hooper and Mr. Kavanagh.
There is one vacancy on the audit committee.

   The compensation committee reviews the compensation of senior management and
reviews and recommends to the Board the adoption of any compensation plans in
which directors and officers are eligible to participate. The members of the
compensation committee are Messrs. de Chazal, Kavanagh and Sheer.

 Compensation of Directors

   Lionbridge does not currently compensate its directors. Each director is
reimbursed for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
attending meetings of the board of directors or of any committee of the Board.
Non-employee directors are eligible to receive options to purchase shares of
common stock under Lionbridge's 1998 Stock Plan.

   On April 28, 2000, each of Messrs. Kavanagh and Sheer were granted an option
to purchase 2,000 shares of common stock under Lionbridge's 1998 Stock Plan, at
an exercise price of $11.375 per share, which was equal to the fair market
value of common stock on the date of grant.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

   The following Summary Compensation Table sets forth certain information with
respect to the annual and long-term compensation of Lionbridge's Chief
Executive Officer and each of Lionbridge's four other highly compensated
executive officers (the "named executive officers") whose total compensation
exceeded $100,000 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

                           Summary Compensation Table

                                                              Long-Term
                                 Annual Compensation         Compensation
                         ----------------------------------- ------------
                                                              Securities
Name and Principal                              Other Annual  Underlying   All Other
Position                 Year  Salary   Bonus   Compensation Options/SARS Compensation
- ------------------       ---- -------- -------- ------------ ------------ ------------

Rory J. Cowan .......... 2000 $259,875 $125,000     --         100,000          --
 Chairman and Chief      1999 $259,875 $ 65,000     --          66,667          --
 Executive Officer       1998 $249,144 $175,725     --             --           --

Roger O. Jeanty(1)...... 2000 $121,858 $100,000     --               0          --
 President

Stephen J. Lifshatz .... 2000 $205,000 $102,500     --          50,000          --
 Senior Vice President,  1999 $190,575 $ 47,500     --          50,000          --
 Chief Financial Officer 1998 $182,705 $ 64,433     --          36,667          --
 and Treasurer

Myriam Martin-Kail ..... 2000 $160,000 $ 95,000     --          30,000      $26,680(2)
 Senior Vice President,  1999 $167,679 $ 40,000     --          50,000          --
 Operations              1998 $147,585 $ 37,815     --          20,000          --

Peter H. Wright ........ 2000 $157,000 $ 90,000     --          30,000      $46,340(3)
 Senior Vice President,  1999 $151,250 $ 37,750     --          50,000          --
 Sales                   1998 $137,863 $ 47,410     --          33,334          --

- --------
(1) Mr. Jeanty joined Lionbridge as President on May 22, 2000. Salary reflected
    in the Compensation Table reflects amounts paid to Mr. Jeanty during the
    period May 22, 2000 through December 31, 2000.
(2) Represents customary relocation and allowance payments in connection with
    Ms. Martin-Kail's relocation to the United States from France.
(3) Represents customary relocation and allowance payments in connection with
    Mr. Wright's relocation to Ireland from the United States.

Option/SAR Grants In Last Fiscal Year

   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the stock
options granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 to each named
executive officer of Lionbridge listed in the Summary Compensation Table above.
Lionbridge did not grant any stock appreciation rights in 2000.

                    Stock Option Grants in Fiscal Year 2000

                                                                          Potential Realizable Value
                         Number of   Percent of                           at Assumed Annual Rates of
                         Securities Total Options                          Stock Price Appreciation
                         Underlying  Granted to   Exercise or                 for Option Term (2)
                          Options   Employees in   Base Price  Expiration ---------------------------
Name                      Granted    Fiscal Year  Per Share(1)    Date         5%           10%
- ----                     ---------- ------------- ------------ ---------- ------------ --------------

Rory J. Cowan...........  100,000       4.87%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    948,700 $    2,679,396
 Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer

Roger O. Jeanty.........        0          0%            N/A         N/A           N/A            N/A
 President

Stephen J. Lifshatz.....   40,000       1.95%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    451,232 $    1,107,346
 Senior Vice President,    10,000       0.97%       $ 8.0000   5/31/2010  $     50,312 $      127,499
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer

Myriam Martin-Kail......   20,000       0.97%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    225,616 $      571,755
 Senior Vice President,    10,000       0.48%       $ 8.0000   5/31/2010  $     50,312 $      127,499
 Operations

Peter H. Wright.........   20,000       0.97%       $17.9375   2/24/2010  $    225,616 $      571,755
 Senior Vice President,    10,000       0.48%       $ 8.0000   5/31/2010  $     50,312 $      127,499
 Sales

- --------
(1) The exercise price equals the fair market value of the common stock as of
    the grant date as determined by Lionbridge's board of directors. Options
    have a term of ten years and become exercisable at the rate of 25% on the
    first anniversary of the date of grant and at the rate of 12.5% on each
    six-month anniversary thereafter.
(2) Amounts reported in these columns represent hypothetical gains that could
    be achieved for the respective options if exercised at the end of the
    option term. These gains are based on assumed rates of stock price
    appreciation of 5% and 10% compounded annually from the date the respective
    options were granted to their expiration date. These assumptions are not
    intended to forecast future appreciation of Lionbridge's stock price. The
    potential realizable value computation does not take into account federal
    or state income tax consequences of option exercises or sales of
    appreciated stock. Actual gains, if any, on stock option exercises and
    common stock holdings are dependent on the timing of the exercise and the
    future performance of Lionbridge's common stock. Lionbridge cannot assure
    that the rates of appreciation assumed in this table can be achieved or
    that the amounts reflected will be received by the individuals. This table
    does not take into account any appreciation in the price of the common
    stock since the date of grant.

 Aggregate Option Exercises And Year-End Values

   The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
options exercised by each named executive officer of Lionbridge listed in the
Summary Compensation Table above during the year ended December 31, 2000 or
held by these persons at December 31, 2000.

   Aggregated Option Exercises In Last Fiscal Year And Fiscal Year-End Option
                                     Values

                                                        Number of Securities             Value of Unexercised
                                                       Underlying Unexercised           In-the-Money Options at
                                           Value    Options at December 31, 2000         December 31, 2000 (2)
                         Shares Acquired  Realized  --------------------------------   -------------------------
Name                     on Exercise (#)    (1)      Exercisable      Unexercisable    Exercisable Unexercisable
- ----                     --------------- ---------- --------------   ---------------   ----------- -------------

Rory J. Cowan...........     375,380     $2,988,024          187,690           166,667  $643,542     $129,584
Roger O. Jeanty.........           0              0          110,982            25,224  $      0     $      0
Stephen J. Lifshatz.....      36,969     $  284,898           36,965           146,138  $126,611     $261,513
Myriam Martin-Kail......      50,000     $  446,406          245,898           127,988  $844,936     $268,821
Peter H. Wright.........      24,646     $  194,387           16,313           108,815  $ 55,553     $202,044

- --------
(1) Amounts calculated by subtracting the aggregate exercise price of the
    options from the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of
    exercise, and do not reflect amounts actually received by the named
    executive officers.
(2) Amounts calculated by subtracting the exercise price of the options from
    the fair market value of the underlying common stock as quoted on the
    NASDAQ Stock Market of $3.59375 per share on December 31, 2000, multiplied
    by the number of shares underlying the options, and do not reflect amounts
    that may be actually received by the named executive officers upon exercise
    of options.

Employment And Non-Competition Agreements

   Rory J. Cowan entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
December 23, 1996. Mr. Cowan's employment agreement provides for a two-year
term with automatic one-year renewals. Under the terms of his employment
agreement, if Lionbridge terminates Mr. Cowan's employment other than for
cause, he is entitled to receive twelve monthly severance payments, each in an
amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e. 1/12th of Mr.
Cowan's base salary). If Mr. Cowan is terminated for cause, he will not be
entitled to any severance payments or other benefits except as required by law.

   Mr. Cowan entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
December 23, 1996. The agreement provides that Mr. Cowan will not during the
course of his employment and the twelve months following the date of the
termination of his employment with Lionbridge, (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of
Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's in connection with
any business activity which would be in violation of the non-competition
agreement.

   Roger O. Jeanty entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on May
20, 2000, in connection with the merger of INTL.com, Inc. into Lionbridge. This
employment agreement provides for a one-year term with automatic one-year
renewals. If Lionbridge terminates Mr. Jeanty's employment other than for
cause, he is entitled to receive twelve monthly severance payments, each in an
amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e., 1/12th of Mr.
Jeanty's base salary). If Mr. Jeanty is terminated for cause, he will not be
entitled to any severance payments or other benefits except as required by law.

   Mr. Jeanty entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on May
20, 2000. The agreement provides that Mr. Jeanty will not, during the course of
his employment and the twelve months following the date of the termination of
his employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a financial
interest in

any business activity which is in competition with any of the products or
services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's employees or
(3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of Lionbridge's,
or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's in connection with any business
activity which would be in violation of the non-competition agreement.

   Stephen J. Lifshatz entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
February 11, 1997. Mr. Lifshatz's employment agreement provides for a one-year
term with automatic one-year renewals. Under the terms of his employment
agreement, if, during the six-month period following a change in control of
Lionbridge, Mr. Lifshatz ceases to be the Chief Financial Officer of the parent
of the surviving entity or suffers a substantial diminution of his
responsibilities, 50% of any unvested options then held by Mr. Lifshatz shall
vest and become immediately exercisable. If Lionbridge terminates Mr.
Lifshatz's employment other than for cause, he is entitled to receive six
monthly severance payments, each in an amount equal to his then current monthly
base compensation (i.e., 1/2th of Mr. Lifshatz's base salary). If Mr. Lifshatz
is terminated for cause, he will not be entitled to any severance payments or
other benefits except as required by law.

   Mr. Lifshatz entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
February 11, 1997. The agreement provides that Mr. Lifshatz will not, during
the course of his employment and the twelve months following the date of the
termination of his employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of
Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's in connection with
any business activity, which would be in violation of the non-competition
agreement.

   Myriam Martin-Kail entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
February 24, 1997, effective as of January 1, 1997. Under the terms of her
employment agreement, if Lionbridge terminates Ms. Martin-Kail's employment,
she is entitled to receive twelve monthly severance payments, each in an amount
equal to her then current monthly base compensation (i.e., 1/2th of Ms. Martin-
Kail's base salary).

   Ms. Martin-Kail entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
February 24, 1997. The agreement provides that Ms. Martin-Kail will not, during
the course of her employment and the twelve months following the date of the
termination of her employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past customer of
Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's which would be in
violation of the non-competition agreement.

   Peter H. Wright entered into an employment agreement with Lionbridge on
February 28, 1997 which was subsequently amended. Mr. Wright's employment
agreement provides for a one-year term with automatic one-year renewals. Under
the terms of his employment agreement, if Lionbridge terminates Mr. Wright's
employment other than for cause when his principal business location is outside
of the United States, he is entitled to receive 12 monthly severance payments,
each in an amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e.,
1/2th of Mr. Wright's base salary). If Lionbridge terminates Mr. Wright's
employment other than for cause when his principal business location is within
the United States he is entitled to receive six monthly severance payments,
each in an amount equal to his then current monthly base compensation (i.e.,
1/2 of Mr. Wright's base salary). In addition, in the event of a change of
control of Lionbridge, one-half of his unvested stock options will become
exercisable. If Mr. Wright is terminated for cause, he will not be entitled to
any severance payments or other benefits except as required by law.

   Mr. Wright entered into a non-competition agreement with Lionbridge on
February 28, 1997. The agreement provides that Mr. Wright will not, during the
course of his employment and the six months following the date of the
termination of his employment with Lionbridge (1) engage or otherwise have a
financial interest in any business activity which is in competition with any of
the products or services being provided by Lionbridge, (2) solicit Lionbridge's
employees or (3) solicit or do business with any present or past

customer of Lionbridge's, or any prospective customer of Lionbridge's which
would be in violation of the non-competition agreement.

Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation

   This report is submitted by the compensation committee. The compensation
committee during fiscal year 2000 was comprised of Messrs. de Chazal, Kavanagh
and Sheer, all of whom are non-employee directors. Pursuant to authority
delegated by the board of directors, the compensation committee is responsible
for reviewing and administering Lionbridge's stock plans and reviewing and
approving salaries and other incentive compensation of Lionbridge's officers
and employees, including the grant of stock options to officers and employees.
Pursuant to the authority delegated by the board of directors, the compensation
committee each year sets the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and
reviews and approves the compensation of all other senior officers.

 Compensation Philosophy

   The goal of Lionbridge is to attract and retain qualified executives in a
competitive industry. To achieve this goal, the compensation committee applies
the philosophy that compensation of executive officers, specifically including
that of the Chief Executive Officer, should be linked to revenue growth,
operating results and earnings per share performance.

   Under the supervision of the compensation committee, Lionbridge has
developed and implemented compensation policies. The compensation committee's
executive compensation policies are designed to (i) enhance profitability of
Lionbridge and stockholder value, (ii) integrate compensation with Lionbridge's
annual and long-term performance goals, (iii) reward corporate performance,
(iv) recognize individual initiative, achievement and hard work, and (v) assist
Lionbridge in attracting and retaining qualified executive officers. Currently,
compensation under the executive compensation program is comprised of cash
compensation in the form of annual base salary, bonus, and long-term incentive
compensation in the form of stock options.

 Base Salary

   In setting cash compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and reviewing
and approving the cash compensation for all other officers, the compensation
committee reviews salaries annually. The compensation committee's policy is to
fix base salaries at levels comparable to the amounts paid to senior executives
with comparable qualifications, experience and responsibilities at other
companies of similar size and engaged in a similar business to that of
Lionbridge. In addition, the base salaries take into account Lionbridge's
relative performance as compared to comparable companies.

   The salary compensation for the executive officers is based upon their
qualifications, experience and responsibilities, as well as the attainment of
planned objectives. The Chief Executive Officer makes recommendations to the
compensation committee regarding the planned objectives and executive
compensation levels. The overall plans and operating performance levels upon
which management compensation is based are approved by the compensation
committee on an annual basis. During 2000, the Chief Executive Officer and the
President made recommendations for salary increases for the executive group,
and the compensation committee approved salary increases ranging from 6% to 8%
to Lionbridge's Senior Vice Presidents, in recognition of the achievements of
these officers during the year and/or in order to bring the officer's salary in
line with the competitive salary range for his or her position. In May 2000,
Mr. Jeanty joined Lionbridge as President and his annual base salary was set at
a level commensurate with his assumption of significant responsibilities and in
line with the competitive salary range for his position.

 Bonus Compensation

   In addition to salary compensation, the compensation committee recommended
the continuation of the bonus program adopted by the board of directors in the
previous year, whereby senior executives recommended

by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the compensation committee for
inclusion in the program receive bonus compensation based on a percentage of
base salary. Bonuses paid under this program in 2001 were a percentage of base
salary for calendar 2000 and were based upon the individual's contributions to
the successful integration of INT'L.com with Lionbridge and the attainment of
strategic and operational goals and objectives.

 Stock Options

   The compensation committee relies on incentive compensation in the form of
stock options to retain and motivate executive officers and employees.
Incentive compensation in the form of stock options is designed (i) to provide
long-term incentives to executive officers and other employees, (ii) to
encourage the executive officers and other employees to remain with Lionbridge
and (iii) to enable them to develop and maintain a stock ownership position in
Lionbridge's common stock.

   Lionbridge's 1998 Stock Plan permits the compensation committee to
administer the granting of stock options to eligible employees, including
executive officers. Options generally become exercisable based upon a vesting
schedule tied to years of future service to Lionbridge. The value realizable
from exercisable options is dependent upon the extent to which Lionbridge's
performance is reflected in the market price of Lionbridge's common stock at
any particular point in time. Equity compensation in the form of stock options
is designed to provide long-term incentives to executive officers and other
employees. The compensation committee approves the granting of options in order
to motivate these employees to maximize stockholder value. Generally, options
are granted to officers and employees at fair market value on the date of grant
and vest over a four-year period.

   Option grants to employees are based on such factors as initiative,
achievement and performance. In administering grants to executive officers, the
compensation committee evaluates each officer's total equity compensation
package. The compensation committee generally reviews the option holdings of
each of the executive officers, including their vesting and exercise prices and
the then current value of any unvested options. The compensation committee
considers equity compensation to be an integral part of a competitive executive
compensation package and an important mechanism to align the interests of
management with those of Lionbridge's stockholders.

 Mr. Cowan's Compensation

   The cash compensation program for the Chief Executive Officer of Lionbridge
is designed to reward performance that enhances stockholder value. Mr. Cowan's
compensation package is comprised of base pay, bonus and stock options, and is
in part based on Lionbridge's revenue growth, profitability, and growth in
earnings per share. In 2000, Mr. Cowan's annual base salary was $259,875, the
same as in 1999 and a level comparable to the salary of Chief Executive
Officers in other globalization services companies, considering the size and
rate of profitability of those companies. In addition, Mr. Cowan was awarded a
cash bonus of $125,000 in recognition of his leadership of Lionbridge.

   The compensation committee is satisfied that the executive officers of
Lionbridge are dedicated to achieving significant improvements in the long-term
financial performance of Lionbridge and that the compensation policies and
programs implemented and administered have contributed and will continue to
contribute toward achieving this goal.

 Deductibility Of Executive Compensation

   In general, under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), Lionbridge cannot deduct, for federal income tax
purposes, compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid to certain executive
officers. This deduction limitation does not apply, however, to compensation
that constitutes "qualified performance-based compensation" within the meaning
of Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Lionbridge has considered the limitations on deductions imposed by

Section 162(m) of the Code, and it is Lionbridge's present intention that, for
so long as it is consistent with its overall compensation objective,
substantially all tax deductions attributable to executive compensation will
not be subject to the deduction limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code.

                                          Respectfully Submitted by the
                                           Compensation Committee:
                                          Guy L. de Chazal
                                          Paul Kavanagh
                                          Claude P. Sheer

 Compensation Committee Interlocks And Insider Participation

   Messrs. de Chazal, Kavanagh and Sheer comprised the compensation committee
for fiscal year 2000. No member of the compensation committee was at any time
during the past year an officer or employee of Lionbridge or any of its
subsidiaries, was formerly an officer of Lionbridge or any of its subsidiaries,
or had any relationship with Lionbridge requiring disclosure herein.

   No executive officer of Lionbridge served as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing similar functions or, in the
absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another
corporation, one of whose executive officers served on the compensation
committee. No executive officer of Lionbridge served as a director of another
corporation, one of whose executives served on the compensation committee. No
executive officer of Lionbridge served as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the
absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another
corporation, one of whose executive officers served as a director of
Lionbridge.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

   In February 1998, Lionbridge America, Inc., Lionbridge's predecessor holding
company, became a subsidiary of Lionbridge. Lionbridge accomplished this by
issuing an aggregate of 1,359,993 shares of its common stock, 13,271,314 shares
of its Series A convertible preferred stock and 140 shares of its Series D
nonvoting convertible preferred stock to Rory J. Cowan, five certain limited
partnerships sponsored by Advent International Corporation, two certain limited
partnerships sponsored by Morgan Stanley, and the other stockholders of
Lionbridge America in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of Lionbridge America held by these stockholders and the outstanding
ordinary shares of Lionbridge Technologies Holdings, B.V., a subsidiary of
Lionbridge America, held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships.
Lionbridge America also redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its Series AA
preferred stock held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships at the
original purchase price of $0.01 per share, for an aggregate of $10.00. Rory J.
Cowan founded Lionbridge in 1996 and serves as its Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer. Guy L. de Chazal, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Morgan
Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc., the managing general partner of Morgan
Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P., which is the general partner of each of the
Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships, has served as a member of the
Lionbridge board of directors since February 1998. Marcia Hooper, a partner of
Advent International Corporation, which is the general partner of Advent
International Limited Partnership, the general partner of the Advent-sponsored
limited partnerships, has served as a member of the Lionbridge board of
directors since December 1996.

   In January 1999, Lionbridge borrowed $4.0 million from Capital Resource
Lenders, III, L.P. under a 12% senior subordinated convertible note due January
8, 2000. In connection with the issuance of the note to Capital Resource
Lenders, many of Lionbridge's subsidiaries executed guarantees in favor of
Capital Resource Lenders. In February 1999, Lionbridge borrowed an additional
$2.0 million from Capital Resource Lenders under an amended and restated 12%
senior subordinated note due February 26, 2006 in the aggregate principal
amount of $6.0 million and issued to Capital Resource Lenders and an affiliated
entity of Capital Resource Lenders common stock purchase warrants exercisable
for an aggregate of 1,277,716 shares of its common stock

at an exercise price of $0.015 per share. In August 1999, Capital Resource
Lenders and the affiliated entity exercised the common stock purchase warrants
in full.

   In February 1999, Lionbridge's indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Lionbridge
Technologies Holdings, B.V. borrowed $4.0 million from Capital Resource Lenders
under a 12% senior subordinated note due February 26, 2006. In connection with
Lionbridge Technologies Holdings, B.V.'s issuance of the note to Capital
Resource Lenders, many of Lionbridge's subsidiaries executed guarantees in
favor of Capital Resource Lenders. Stephen M. Jenks, a member of Capital
Research Partners III, L.L.C. which is the general partner of Capital Resource
Lenders, served as a member of Lionbridge's board of directors from March 1999
to August 1999 and Capital Resource Lenders held greater then 5% of the
outstanding shares of Lionbridge common stock from August 1999 to May 2000.

   In March 1999, Lionbridge and Lionbridge Technologies Holdings, B.V.
borrowed an aggregate of $2.0 million from the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited
partnerships under 12% senior subordinated notes due March 9, 2006 and issued
to the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships common stock purchase
warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 255,544 shares of Lionbridge's common
stock at an exercise price of $0.015 per share. In connection with the issuance
of the notes to the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships, many of
Lionbridge's subsidiaries executed guarantees in favor of the Morgan Stanley-
sponsored limited partnerships. In November 1999, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
limited partnerships exercised the common stock purchase warrants in full.

   In connection with the closing of Lionbridge's initial public offering in
August 1999, the following transactions occurred:

  .  50% of the principal amount of the $12.0 million notes issued to Capital
     Resource Lenders and the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships
     were paid in full;

  .  the 13,271,314 outstanding shares of its Series A convertible preferred
     stock and 140 outstanding shares of its Series D nonvoting convertible
     preferred stock held by its preferred stockholders including Mr. Cowan,
     Paul Kavanagh, the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships and the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships were exchanged for an aggregate
     of 132.7145 shares of its Series B redeemable preferred stock and
     8,847,649 shares of its Series C convertible preferred stock. Paul
     Kavanagh has been a member of the Lionbridge board of directors since
     December 1996;

  .  the 132.7145 outstanding shares of Lionbridge's Series B redeemable
     preferred stock was redeemed for $100,000 per share plus an 8% annual
     premium. The redemption amount paid to Mr. Cowan, the Advent-sponsored
     limited partnerships, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships,
     and Mr. Kavanagh was $150,000, $1.3 million, $1.3 million, and $21,000,
     respectively; and

  .  the 8,847,649 outstanding shares of Lionbridge's Series C convertible
     preferred stock held by its preferred stockholders including Mr. Cowan,
     Mr. Kavanagh, the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships and the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships were converted into 8,847,649
     shares of its common stock.

   In addition, the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships and the Morgan
Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships each purchased 364,000 shares of
Lionbridge common stock for $10.00 per share as part of Lionbridge's initial
public offering.

   In March 2001, Capital Resource Lenders and the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
limited partnerships agreed to defer, until the earlier of January 31, 2002 and
the completion of an underwritten public offering (other than Lionbridge's
initial public offering) with aggregate gross proceeds of at least $10.0
million, Lionbridge's repayment of $5.0 million and $1.0 million, respectively,
of the principal amount of the subordinated notes due in 2006. These notes had
previously required all of the principal amount to be repaid upon the earlier
of August 25, 2001 and the completion of an underwritten public offering (other
than Lionbridge's initial public offering) with aggregate gross proceeds of at
least $10.0 million.

   Lionbridge entered into a Second Restated Registration Rights Agreement
dated as of February 26, 1999 with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Kavanagh, the Advent-
sponsored limited partnerships, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited
partnerships, Capital Resource Lenders and certain other stockholders of
Lionbridge. This registration rights agreement provided these holders with
rights with respect to the registration by Lionbridge of their shares of
Lionbridge common stock under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

   Lionbridge has entered into a Third Restated Registration Rights Agreement
dated as of May 22, 2000 with Mr. Cowan, Mr. Kavanagh, the Advent-sponsored
limited partnerships, the Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships,
Capital Resource Lenders and certain other stockholders of Lionbridge. This
registration rights agreement provides these holders with rights with respect
to the registration by Lionbridge of their shares of Lionbridge common stock
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

   Lionbridge believes that all transactions described above were made on terms
no less favorable to it than would have been obtained from unaffiliated third
parties. All future transactions, if any, with its executive officers,
directors and affiliates will be on terms no less favorable to it than could be
obtained from unrelated third parties and will be approved by a majority of the
board of directors and by a majority of the disinterested members of the board
of directors.

                         DESCRIPTION OF DATA DIMENSIONS

BUSINESS

General

   Data Dimensions and its subsidiaries provide comprehensive, outsourced
testing, quality assurance and application development and maintenance services
through a network of test labs, field consultants and an offshore applications
solution center. From 1991 through 1999, Data Dimensions derived the majority
of its revenue by providing solutions specifically related to the millennium
date change (Y2K). During 2000, Data Dimensions transitioned to its current
focus of quality assurance and testing services from a strategy of providing
more general information technology services, including Y2K and other
consulting services. Consistent with its strategy to focus on quality assurance
and testing services, Data Dimensions sold its data center outsourcing business
in December of 2000. Data Dimensions' clients consist primarily of product
development organizations and on-line service providers, ranging from large
organizations to emerging companies in the information technology,
manufacturing, financial services and pharmaceutical industries. Data
Dimensions was incorporated under Delaware law in 1968.

   Data Dimensions is organized into two divisions: quality assurance and
testing and application development and maintenance. Each division has a
mission to provide services that support specific market segments and
customers.

Industry Background

   Businesses continue to expand the use of technology to manage information
and processes and to create new and increasingly complex products.
Concurrently, software has become ubiquitous and an important component in the
development and delivery of products and services, ranging from traditional
business application software to the software built into cellular telephones,
automated teller machines, and point-of-sale devices. With each advance in
technology, new business products or processes are created and delivered to a
broader class of customers.

   Within this environment, many companies are challenged by the growth in the
demand for software, often outpacing their ability to design, build and test
that software. In the past, organizations have often sacrificed speed for
quality, or vice versa. However, in today's rapidly changing business
environment, as software becomes more business-critical, organizations can no
longer afford to sacrifice one for the other. It is becoming increasingly
important for businesses to adopt more effective approaches to their software
development and deployment process. Exacerbating the speed and quality trade-
off, software is becoming more complex, requiring coordinated teams of
professionals to develop and deploy it. These teams must work in unison to meet
today's increased speed and quality needs.

   Data Dimensions' management believes that certain market factors are driving
a demand for its services, including but not limited to, the ubiquity and
complexity of software, the growth of e-business, the existence of a shortage
of qualified and skilled personnel, the efficiencies of outsourcing, increased
time-to-market demands and growing concerns with security and privacy.

Strategy

   Data Dimensions' goal is to be the leading provider of outsourced quality
assurance and testing services. Its strategies include the following key
elements:

   Expand Quality Assurance and Testing Practice Areas. Data Dimensions intends
to further expand its quality assurance and testing services to address the
critical nature of today's software applications by increasing the breadth of
its services to include Web related applications, embedded devices, wireless
applications and accessibility testing. Further, Data Dimensions seeks to
leverage technology knowledge gained

in one practice area by adding similar quality assurance and testing services
in related areas (for example, infrared and Bluetooth technologies).

   Leverage Existing Clients. Data Dimensions seeks to increase the services
provided to its existing clients by selling to other product groups within
product development organizations and expanding the scope of initial
engagements with smaller, emerging companies.

   Expand Geographic Presence. Data Dimensions intends to expand the number of
its test centers to provide additional testing capacity and greater proximity
to clients.

   Develop Technology Partnerships and Alliances. Data Dimensions intends to
develop partnerships and other such relationships with leading vendors of
software testing tools to provide its clients with the most appropriate testing
platforms. Additionally, Data Dimensions intends to team with Web development
firms to provide third party testing services for end user clients.

Services

   Data Dimensions provides services designed to mitigate business risk and
allow its clients to gain confidence in their software applications. Its
services include:

   Quality Assurance and Testing. Comprehensive software quality assurance and
testing solutions for product development organizations and on-line service
providers from Data Dimensions' test centers and through its field consultants.

   Quality Assurance. Quality assurance consulting services to help client
organizations identify processes within their organization to prevent defects
(quality assurance). In addition, Data Dimensions helps implement processes
that address the client's need for defect detection (testing). These services
are most often delivered by Data Dimensions' field consultants at a client's
site rather than at its test centers. These services more specifically include:

  .  Quality Assurance Evaluation--often serving as an initial client
     engagement, the quality assurance evaluation is designed to assist
     clients in documenting, improving and/or streamlining their quality
     assurance and test function.

  .  Test Planning--assisting clients in the preparation and management of
     the overall testing process, including the review of current development
     activities, project objectives, and the business use of the
     applications/systems; developing a test strategy to establish the
     parameters for testing; developing a test plan for the testing effort;
     creating use cases, test cases, and test scripts.

  .  Quality Assurance Program Implementation--enactment of operational
     changes related to testing methodologies and disciplines, change
     management procedures, quality control practices, and/or application
     requirements/development standards.

   Testing. Application and system testing are critical steps in the release of
a new product or implementation of a new enterprise system. In-house testing
exposes companies to a greater risk of data contamination and can even
interfere with business-critical operations. Through a network of test centers
located in the United States and Ireland, Data Dimensions offers comprehensive
testing and training that results in production-quality products and systems.
During the process, Data Dimensions gains further insight into the latest
products, technologies and platforms. The following exemplifies the types of
testing services provided:

  .  Performance--Services include load/stress and scalability testing to
     determine whether features and functions perform within acceptable
     parameters for a positive user experience.

  .  Usability--Services include compatibility and functionality testing to
     determine whether features and functions perform as intended and
     interoperate as required.

  .  Compliance--Services include certification and validation testing to
     determine whether the software adheres to specifications.

  .  Universality--Services include accessibility testing and localization to
     determine whether the product or service supports the special needs of
     users less able, or to address language and cultural consistency.

   Application Development and Maintenance. Application development and
maintenance services help clients effectively manage and enhance existing
business systems to improve performance while better controlling costs. Under
this service offering, Data Dimensions manages clients' business applications
with the objective of improving software quality, processes, and costs.
Application development and maintenance engagements may also encompass
development of new applications, as directed by clients. Data Dimensions
operates an offshore application solution center in Galway, Ireland, in concert
with on-site consultants, to provide its clients with application development
and maintenance services across a range of platforms and operating
environments. Data Dimensions' application development and maintenance services
include:

  .  Application and Web development--the design and coding of new
     applications such as knowledge portal development, legacy application
     extension and application integration.

  .  Application maintenance and production support--management, enhancement
     and support of existing computer applications.

Sales, Marketing and Clients

   Data Dimensions markets its services through its direct sales force located
throughout the continental United States and United Kingdom. As of March 31,
2001, the direct sales force was comprised of 18 employees. Data Dimensions
focuses its marketing efforts on product development organizations, on-line
service providers and commercial organizations with significant technology
needs that can be addressed by Data Dimensions' quality assurance consulting,
testing, and application outsourcing services. While Data Dimensions performs
work for organizations in a wide variety of industries, most of its revenue is
derived from the following industry groups: information technology,
manufacturing, financial services and pharmaceuticals.

   Data Dimensions has historically derived, and may in the future derive, a
significant percentage of its total revenue from a relatively small number of
clients. Its ten largest clients accounted for approximately 55 percent and 48
percent of its total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. Hewlett-Packard accounted for approximately 17 percent and the
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power accounted for approximately 11
percent of Data Dimensions' consolidated revenue in 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

   Y2K remediation services accounted for approximately 3% and 76% of Data
Dimensions' total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. Data Dimensions does not expect any future Y2K related revenue.

   Data Dimensions relies on its dedicated sales force to generate new clients
as well as pursue potential leads related to its quality assurance and testing
offerings. To this end, Data Dimensions' sales personnel are encouraged to
engage in direct marketing techniques including visits to businesses within
Data Dimensions' target market. In addition, the sales force responds to
requests for proposals, follows-up on client referrals and pursues leads
resulting from company sponsored seminars, direct mail campaigns, industry
conferences and in-bound client inquiries.

   Data Dimensions utilizes two independent sales representatives in connection
with sales of its application development and maintenance services. These sales
representatives operate under contracts, with one-year terms, that define the
territory and commission structure under which they market Data Dimensions'
services.

   Data Dimensions has previously entered into license agreements with certain
domestic and international organizations pursuant to which the licensees could
resell agreed-upon company products, as well as, utilize Data Dimensions'
methodology in performing Y2K project work. These licenses were generally
exclusive to a specific geographical territory. As more fully described in Note
4 to its Consolidated Financial Statements, during 1999, Data Dimensions
discontinued its product-based business and consequently does not expect to
utilize such license agreements in the future.

Intellectual Property

   Data Dimensions has no patents or patent applications pending relating to
its application development and maintenance or quality assurance and testing
businesses and relies on a combination of trade secret, nondisclosure and other
contractual agreements, and copyright and trademark laws to protect its
intellectual property rights. This intellectual property largely consists of a
documented set of processes (Modular Repeatable Processes) utilized in Data
Dimensions' application development and maintenance business and certain
software applications related to software error logging and reporting utilized
in its quality assurance and testing business.

   Existing trade secret and copyright laws provide only limited protection.
Data Dimensions enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees, and
requires outside consultants and some clients to enter into such agreements.
Data Dimensions also protects its proprietary information by limiting access to
and distribution of proprietary information. There can be no assurance that
these arrangements will be adequate to deter misappropriation of proprietary
information.

   Data Dimensions' intellectual property has also consisted of its Millennium
Process and Ardes 2k which were related to its Y2K offerings. The Millennium
Process consists of a documented set of procedures for resolving the widespread
problems caused by the inability of certain computer systems to properly
interpret dates for the year 2000 and beyond. Data Dimensions has licensed the
use of the Millennium Process to consulting firms located throughout the world.

   The Millennium Process has not been the subject of an infringement claim,
however there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert
infringement claims against Data Dimensions in the future, that assertion of
such claims will not result in litigation, or that Data Dimensions would
prevail in such litigation or be able to obtain a license for the use of any
infringed intellectual property from a third party on commercially reasonable
terms. Furthermore, litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in
substantial cost to, and diversion of effort by, Data Dimensions. Any
infringement claim or litigation against Data Dimensions could, therefore,
materially and adversely affect Data Dimensions' business, operating results
and financial condition.

   As more fully described in Note 4 to its Consolidated Financial Statements,
during 1999, Data Dimensions discontinued its product-based business and
consequently does not expect additional revenue to be derived from its
Millennium Process or Ardes 2k products.

Product and Technology Development

   Data Dimensions invested approximately $52,000 in capitalized product
development costs in 1998 and has made no investment since then. The costs
incurred in 1998 consisted of personnel and other related expenses to develop
Ardes 2K and Interactive Vendor Review. These products have been sold directly
to client and to third-party providers, including computer and software
companies, and consultants. Data Dimensions recorded product and technology
development expense, including amortization of the capitalized costs of $0,
$900,000 and $672,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. These amounts
include write-downs of capitalized product development of $388,000 in 1999,
which is included in non-recurring charges in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations of Data Dimensions.

Competition

   The market for Data Dimensions' services is highly fragmented with many
competitors and low barriers to entry. The competitive market factors are
service, price, flexibility and responsiveness, and the expertise and
experience of the personnel provided to clients. Data Dimensions' competitors
include:

  .  Independent testing labs and divisions of IT organizations, such as
     VeriTest (a division of Lionbridge) and Ajilon Software Quality Partners
     (a division of Adecco, SA).

  .  The professional services divisions of larger organizations, such as
     International Business Machines, Unisys Corporation and Accenture.

  .  Companies such as Keane Inc., Computer Horizons, Inc., and Ciber Inc.

  .  Internal quality assurance and testing departments of Global 2000 and
     emerging companies.

   Data Dimensions believes its primary advantages in the market are the
experience and expertise of its personnel in providing quality testing
solutions in conjunction with a high degree of flexibility and responsiveness
to clients' requirements.

   Some of Data Dimensions' competitors are more established, benefit from
greater name recognition and have substantially greater financial, technical
and marketing resources than Data Dimensions. Moreover, other than the need for
technical expertise, there are no significant proprietary or other barriers to
entry in the quality assurance and testing market.

Employees

   As of March 31, 2001, Data Dimensions employed approximately 320 full-time
employees. None of Data Dimensions' employees are represented by a labor union,
and Data Dimensions has never experienced a work stoppage. Data Dimensions
considers its relationship with its employees to be good. Data Dimensions
supplements its full-time employees, when necessary, with administrative and
technical contractors and temporary personnel. As of March 31, 2001, Data
Dimensions engaged 90 contractors and temporary personnel.

Properties

   Data Dimensions maintains its headquarters in a leased facility in Bellevue,
Washington, which lease will expire in 2002. In addition, it maintains leased
office space for testing labs and small regional offices in the US. Data
Dimensions also leases facilities in Cheshire, England and Galway, Ireland.
Most of Data Dimensions leases have terms in excess of one year and management
believes its facilities are in good condition.

Legal Proceedings

   Data Dimensions is not a party to any material legal proceedings.

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

   The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements,
including, among others, (i) anticipated trends in Data Dimensions' financial
condition and results of operations (including expected changes in its gross
margin, selling, general and administrative expenses); (ii) the business
strategies for expanding Data Dimensions' presence in the software quality
assurance and testing market (including expanding the number of testing
services offered, geographic expansion, gaining additional business from
individual client organizations, and securing technology partnerships); and
(iii) Data Dimensions' ability to distinguish itself from its current and
future competitors. Data Dimensions makes these forward-looking statements
under the provisions of the "Safe Harbor" section of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based
largely on Data Dimensions' current expectations and are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking statement should be considered in
light of the factors described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For
more information, see "Risk Factors". Actual results could differ materially
from these forward-looking statements. In this Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, the words "believes",
"anticipates", "plans", "expects", "intends", "may", "could", or similar
expressions are forward-looking statements. The following discussion should be
read in conjunction with "Selected Consolidated Financial Data of Data
Dimensions" and the Consolidated Financial Statements of Data Dimensions, and
the notes thereto, presented in this proxy statement/prospectus. For more
information, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 106.

Overview

   Data Dimensions provides comprehensive, outsourced testing, quality
assurance (QA) and application development and maintenance (ADM) services
through a network of test labs, field consultants and an offshore applications
solution center. From 1991 through 1999, Data Dimensions derived the majority
of its revenue by providing solutions specifically related to the millennium
date change (Y2K). During 2000, Data Dimensions transitioned to its current
focus of providing QA and test services from a strategy of providing more
general information technology services, including Y2K and other consulting
services. Data Dimensions' clients consist primarily of product development
organizations and on-line service providers, ranging from large organizations
to emerging companies in the information technology, manufacturing, financial
services and pharmaceutical industries.

   In December 2000, Data Dimensions sold its data center outsourcing
subsidiary, Data Dimension Information Services, in a cash transaction. Data
Dimensions received $1.8 million of the $5.4 million purchase price at the
closing of the transaction, and the remaining balance was paid in January 2001.
The financial results have been presented to reflect this business as a
discontinued operation for all periods presented.

   In August 1998, in a pooling of interests transaction, Data Dimensions
acquired ST Labs, Inc., a Bellevue, Washington based company that provided
information technology quality assurance and testing services to its customers.
At the time of the merger, ST Labs became a wholly owned subsidiary of Data
Dimensions. On February 1, 1999, ST Labs was merged into Data Dimensions and
the business of ST Labs, along with other testing services, is now conducted
using the name Data Dimensions Test Centers and forms the basis of Data
Dimensions' QA and testing services.

   Data Dimensions markets its QA and testing services in the United States
through a direct sales force and utilizes independent sales representatives to
sell its ADM services. Data Dimensions has previously leveraged its Y2K
technology by licensing the right to use its Y2K consulting process to
consulting firms operating in more than fifty countries worldwide. It is not
expected that such licensing will be applicable in the future. Data Dimensions
has an office near London, England to market its services to the United Kingdom
and European markets.

   Data Dimensions' QA and testing and ADM revenue consists primarily of
billable hours for services provided by its technical consultants multiplied by
contract rates, and this revenue is recognized when services are performed.
Direct costs consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and other costs directly
related to services provided.

   The level of gross margin primarily depends on the productivity of Data
Dimensions' billable personnel. Productivity is based on the number of billable
personnel and their billing rates, the number of working days in a period and
the number of hours worked per day. Billable personnel are paid salaries;
however, clients are most often charged a time-based rate. Data Dimensions' QA
and testing and ADM gross margins may vary due to the differing salary
structures for its billable personnel, utilization rates and contract
durations.

   General, administrative and selling expenses consist primarily of
administrative personnel compensation and benefits, recruiting, marketing,
promotion, investor relations, office expenses, travel, and other general
overhead.

Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth certain data for the three years ended
December 31 as a percentage of revenue.

                                                           2000   1999   1998
                                                          ------  -----  -----

   Revenue..............................................   100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
   Direct costs.........................................    69.3   55.5   48.3
                                                          ------  -----  -----
   Gross margin.........................................    30.7   44.5   51.7
   General, administrative and selling expenses.........    79.4   41.7   38.1
                                                          ------  -----  -----
   Income from operations before non-recurring charges..   (48.7)   2.8   13.6
   Non-recurring charges................................    (0.4)   1.3    0.8
                                                          ------  -----  -----
   Income (loss) from operations........................   (48.3)   1.5   12.8
   Other expense (income)...............................    (0.6)  (2.1)   0.1
                                                          ------  -----  -----
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before
    income tax..........................................   (47.7)   3.6   12.7
   Income tax provision (benefit) from continuing
    operations..........................................   (13.4)   1.4    5.0
                                                          ------  -----  -----
   Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of
    tax.................................................   (34.3)   2.2    7.7
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
    tax.................................................    (4.5)  (1.3)   1.3
   Gain from sale of discontinued operations, net of
    tax.................................................     9.6    --     --
                                                          ------  -----  -----
   Net income (loss)....................................  (29.2)%   0.9%   9.0%
                                                          ======  =====  =====

   Data Dimensions conducts its business through two operating divisions
consisting of QA and testing, and ADM.

   QA and Testing: Through a network of test centers and on-site field
consultants, Data Dimensions provides comprehensive, outsourced software
quality assurance and test solutions for product development organizations and
on-line service providers including practice areas of printers and peripherals,
publishing and education, embedded systems and Web testing.

   Application Development and Maintenance: Under this service offering, Data
Dimensions manages clients' business applications with the objective of
improving software quality, processes, and costs. ADM engagements may also
encompass development of new applications, as directed by clients. Data
Dimensions operates an offshore application solution center in Galway, Ireland,
in concert with on-site consultants, to provide its clients with ADM services
across a range of platforms and operating environments.

Comparison of 2000 to 1999

   Data Dimensions' 2000 total revenue of $32.4 million decreased 64 percent
from revenue of $90.4 million in 1999. The decline in total revenue is largely
attributed to a decline in Y2K remediation projects, which provided the
majority of 1999 revenue. QA and testing revenue of $20.6 million increased 57
percent from revenue of $13.1 million in 1999 due largely to the addition of a
field delivered quality assurance practice, as well as, increased customer
billings at certain larger test center clients. ADM revenue increased 300
percent to $7.2 million in 2000 compared to $1.8 in 1999, its first year of
operations. The increase in revenue was largely caused by an increased number
of customer contracts.

   Gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased to 31 percent in 2000 from
45 percent in 1999. Contributing to the decrease was a lower utilization rate
of Data Dimensions' field consultants as Y2K projects were completed, without a
corresponding increase in non-Y2K business. Data Dimensions reduced its field
consulting workforce in the third and fourth quarters of 2000 as it exited
certain markets and focused on providing QA and testing, and ADM services.

   General, administrative and selling expense of $25.7 million decreased 32
percent from $37.7 million in 1999. The decrease was primarily due to a
decrease in the number of employees in sales and administrative functions, as
well as overall expense reductions. Data Dimensions reduced general,
administrative and sales resources in the third and fourth quarters of 2000 as
it exited certain markets and focused on providing QA and testing, and ADM
services. This was offset, somewhat by an expense of $2.1 million related to
increasing the allowance for bad debts in the fourth quarter of 2000. General,
administrative and selling expense represented 79 percent of total revenue in
2000 compared to 42 percent in 1999 due to the decrease in revenue.

   Non-recurring income of $136,000 in 2000 related to the reversal of certain
restructuring charges associated with Data Dimensions' 1999 restructuring
activity. The reversal was due to increased voluntary terminations. Non-
recurring charges of $1.2 million in 1999, more fully described in Note 4 to
Data Dimensions Consolidated Financial Statements, resulted from the transition
from providing products and consulting services addressing Y2K remediation to
providing information technology consulting and other services. The 1999 charge
was for severance costs and asset write-downs associated with Data Dimensions'
restructuring efforts as part of this transition.

   Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax was a loss of $11.1
million in 2000 versus income of $2.0 million in 1999. The loss in 2000
resulted from reduced gross margins on significantly less revenue and higher
general, administrative and selling expenses in relation to revenue.

   Net income (loss) was a loss of $9.5 million in 2000 and reflective of a
loss from discontinued operations of $1.5 million and a gain on the sale of the
discontinued operations of $3.1 million. In 1999, net income was $843,000
reflecting a loss from discontinued operations of $1.1 million.

   The annual effective tax rate in 2000 was 28 percent versus 39 percent in
1999. The 1999 rate is higher than the statutory rate due largely to state
income tax provisions. This was offset, to some extent, by income generated by
foreign entities operating in jurisdictions, which have lower tax rates. The
tax losses incurred in 2000 can be carried back and applied to 1998 and 1999
federal taxes paid, subject to certain limitations. The limitations and the
fact that certain states do not provide for carryback provisions reduced the
benefit generated by the tax losses.

Comparison of 1999 to 1998

   Data Dimensions' 1999 total revenue of $90.4 million decreased 11 percent
from revenue of $101.7 million in 1998. The decline in total revenue can
largely be attributed to a decline in Y2K remediation projects, which provided
the majority of 1999 and 1998 revenue. QA and testing revenue of $13.1 million
decreased 5 percent from revenue of $13.7 million in 1998 due largely to an
overall reduction in average revenue per project, partially offset by an
increase in Web related testing. ADM revenue was $1.8 million in 1999, its
first year of operation.

   Gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased to 45 percent in 1999 from
52 percent in 1998. Contributing to the decrease was a lower utilization rate
of Data Dimensions' field consultants as Y2K projects were completed, without a
corresponding increase in non-Y2K business. As more fully described in Note 4
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Data Dimensions initiated a
restructuring plan in the third quarter of 1999 to better align its expenses
with revenue expectations.

   General, administrative and selling expense of $37.7 million decreased 3
percent from $38.8 million in 1998. The decrease was primarily due to a
reduction in the number of employees in sales and administrative functions in
the second half of the year. As more fully described in Note 4 to Data
Dimensions Consolidated Financial Statements, Data Dimensions initiated a
restructuring plan in the third quarter of 1999 to better align its expenses
with revenue expectations, producing lowered general, administrative and
selling expenses in the second half of 1999. General, administrative and
selling expense represented 42 percent of total revenue in 1999 compared to 38
percent in 1998.

   Non-recurring charges in 1999 were $1.2 million compared to $757,000 in
1998. The 1999 charge, more fully described in Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, resulted from Data Dimensions' transition from providing
products and consulting services addressing Y2K remediation to providing
information technology consulting and other services. The 1999 charge was for
severance costs and asset write-downs associated with Data Dimensions
restructuring efforts as part of this transition. The 1998 charge was for
merger related costs for the ST Labs acquisition in August 1998.

   The income from litigation settlement of $1.9 million in 1999 represents a
settlement with an international licensee concerning royalties owed Data
Dimensions related to Y2K work performed under license agreements.

   Income from continuing operations, net of tax decreased to $2.0 million in
1999 from $7.8 million in 1998. The decrease in 1999 resulted from reduced
gross margins and higher general, administrative and selling expenses in
relation to revenue.

   Net income of $843,000 in 1999 and $9.2 million in 1998 reflects a loss from
discontinued operations of $1.1 million in 1999 and income from discontinued
operations of $1.4 million in 1998.

   The annual effective tax rate in 1999 and 1998 was 39 percent. This is
higher than the statutory rate due largely to state income tax provisions. This
was offset, to some extent, by income generated by foreign entities operating
in jurisdictions, which have lower tax rates.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   At December 31, 2000, Data Dimensions had $15.1 million of working capital,
of which $2.1 million was cash and cash equivalents. Also included in current
assets is a federal income tax receivable of $4.5 million. Data Dimensions
expects to receive a refund of taxes paid in 1998 and 1999 as a result of
carrying the tax losses of 2000 back against previous years income. Data
Dimensions acquired $1.4 million, $1.5 million and $3.6 million of equipment
and furniture, primarily computer equipment and office furniture, in 2000, 1999
and 1998, respectively. Data Dimensions expects to spend a lesser amount on
equipment and furniture in 2001 than in 2000. Data Dimensions significantly
increased its allowance for bad debts in the fourth quarter of 2000 in response
to slowing payments and funding difficulty of some of its clients. In addition,
several clients filed for bankruptcy late in the year and these amounts have
been written-off.

   Cash flow from operating activities was $(6.7) million, $12.9 million and
$1.9 million in the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
The negative cash flow in 2000 was primarily related to the operating losses
incurred during the year. Continued operating losses would require additional
sources of liquidity in order for Data Dimensions to meet its cash
requirements. Sources of additional liquidity may be difficult to acquire or
may be on terms not favorable to Data Dimensions. If additional liquidity is
not available, Data Dimensions will need to reduce its expenses to ensure
adequate liquidity for ongoing operating expenses.

   Data Dimensions had a $10 million, two-year, working capital, revolving line
of credit with a bank that expired in June 2000. In January 2001, Data
Dimensions entered into a line of credit agreement with another commercial bank
under which it can borrow up to $7.5 million based on the value of certain
current assets. The agreement calls for Data Dimensions to meet certain
financial covenants. In conjunction with the line of credit, Data Dimensions
issued warrants for the purchase of 150,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $0.90 per share and 75,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $0.75 per share. The value ascribed to these warrants is
immaterial.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

   Data Dimensions has a line of credit that has borrowing rates subject to
market rates. An increase in market rates would make financing more expensive
for Data Dimensions. In addition, Data Dimensions' clients may be impacted by
fluctuations in interest rates or foreign currency rates, which may impact
their need for Data Dimensions' services. Data Dimensions had no market rate
sensitive instruments, positions or transactions at December 31, 2000.

SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

   The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2001, certain information
furnished to Data Dimensions with respect to ownership of Data Dimensions'
common stock of (i) each director, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, (iii) the
named executive officers other than the current Chief Executive Officer, and
(iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. As of March 31, 2001,
Data Dimensions knows of no person, entity or group that beneficially owns 5%
or more of Data Dimensions' common stock, except as listed below.

   Except as noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is c/o
Data Dimensions, Inc., 3535 Factoria Boulevard SE, Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor,
Bellevue, Washington 98006.

                                  Amount and  Nature of     Percent of Common
   Name of Beneficial Owner      Beneficial Ownership (1) Stock Outstanding (2)
   ------------------------      ------------------------ ---------------------

   Peter A. Allen (3)..........           390,000                  2.9%
   Thomas W. Fife (4)..........            29,249                    *
   Lucie J. Fjeldstad (5)......            29,000                    *
   Robert T. Knight (6)........            47,750                    *
   Dennis W. Walsh (7).........            12,500                    *
   Laurence C. Leslie (8)......            30,000                    *
   Howard H. Hayakawa (9)......            25,000                    *
   John W. Cramer (10).........            30,000                    *
   Eugene M. Stabile (11)......           433,103                  3.2%
   Nigel G. Martin-Jones (12)..            15,000                    *
   Larry W. Martin (13)........         1,986,521                 14.7%
    605 Evergreen Point Road
    Medina, Washington 98039
   All executive officers and
    directors as a group
    (8 persons) (14)...........           593,499                  4.4%

- --------
 *  Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock.
 (1) According to the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
     a person is the "beneficial owner" of securities if (s)he has or shares
     the power to vote them or to direct their investment or has the right to
     acquire beneficial ownership of such securities within 60 days through the
     exercise of an option, warrant or otherwise. Except as otherwise
     indicated, the stockholders identified in this table have sole voting and
     investment power with regard to the shares shown as beneficially owned by
     them. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants exercisable on
     or before May 30, 2001 ("Vested Options") are deemed outstanding for
     computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such options or
     warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of
     any other person.
 (2) Based on 13,560,972 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of
     March 31, 2001.
 (3) Includes 375,000 Vested Options.
 (4) Includes 13,257 Vested Options.
 (5) Includes 24,000 Vested Options.
 (6) Includes 27,750 Vested Options.
 (7) Includes 12,500 Vested Options.
 (8) Includes 30,000 Vested Options.
 (9) Includes 25,000 Vested Options.
(10) Includes 30,000 Vested Options.
(11) Mr. Stabile is deceased. The shares of common stock of Data Dimensions are
     beneficially owned by Mr. Stabile's estate.
(12) Mr. Martin-Jones resigned as an executive officer of Data Dimensions
     effective October 31, 2000.
(13) Includes 9,000 shares held by Mr. Martin's spouse; Mr. Martin resigned as
     director of Data Dimensions effective December 31, 1999.
(14) Includes 537,507 Vested Options. The group of 8 persons excludes the
     shares beneficially owned by Mr. Stabile and Mr. Martin-Jones since they
     were not executive officers as of March 31, 2001.

      SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF
                        LIONBRIDGE FOLLOWING THE MERGER

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of Lionbridge's common stock as of March 31, 2001 for (i) each person
who is known by Lionbridge to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding
shares of common stock, (ii) each director of Lionbridge, (iii) each named
executive officer of Lionbridge and (iv) all of the directors and executive
officers of Lionbridge as a group assuming the merger had been consummated on
March 31, 2001.

   Except as noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is c/o
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., 950 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts 02451.

                                                   Amount and
                                                    Nature of      Percent of
                                                   Beneficial     Common Stock
Name of Beneficial Owner                         Ownership(1)(2) Outstanding(3)
- ------------------------                         --------------- --------------

Rory J. Cowan(4)...............................     2,268,916          7.4%

Marcia J. Hooper(5)............................     4,364,004         14.2%
 c/o Advent International Corporation
 75 State Street
 Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Guy L. de Chazal(6)............................     3,163,755         10.3%
 c/o Morgan Stanley Venture Capital
 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor
 New York, New York 10020

Paul Kavanagh(7)...............................        76,167            *
 "Arcachon"
 Strathmore Road, Killiney, Co. Dublin, Ireland

Claude P. Sheer(8).............................         7,166            *
 240 Main Street
 Boxford, Massachusetts 01921

Roger O. Jeanty(9).............................     1,630,819          5.3%

Myriam Martin-Kail(10).........................       321,386          1.0%

Stephen J. Lifshatz(11)........................       212,000            *

Peter H. Wright(12)............................       125,117            *

Morgan Stanley Dean Witter-sponsored limited
 partnerships(13)..............................     3,424,568         11.2%
 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 33rd Floor
 New York, New York 10020

Advent-sponsored limited partnerships(14)......     4,364,004         14.2%
 75 State Street
 Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Cornerstone Equity Investors IV, L.P...........     2,399,853          7.8%
 717 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1100
 New York, New York 10022

All executive officers and directors as a group
 (9 persons)(15)...............................    12,169,330         38.9%

- --------
 *  Less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock.

 (1) The persons identified in the table possess sole voting and investment
     power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them,
     except as noted in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community
     property laws.
 (2) The inclusion herein of any shares of common stock deemed beneficially
     owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those
     shares.
 (3) Based on 28,038,697 shares of Lionbridge common stock outstanding as of
     March 31, 2001 and assumes the issuance in the merger of 2,588,570 shares
     of Lionbridge common stock to the Data Dimensions stockholders in exchange
     for all of the outstanding shares of Data Dimensions common stock.
     Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
     Securities and Exchange Commission and includes voting and investment
     power with respect to the shares of common stock. Shares of common stock
     subject to options currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
     after March 31, 2001 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
     ownership of the person holding these options, but are not deemed
     outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
 (4) Includes 58,332 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Cowan
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (5) Includes 357,849 shares held by Advent Euro-Italian Direct Investment
     Program Limited Partnership; 96,191 shares held by Advent Partners Limited
     Partnership; 2,613,975 shares held by Global Private Equity II Limited
     Partnership; 549,683 shares held by Global Private Equity II--Europe
     Limited Partnership; and 746,306 shares held by Global Private Equity II--
     PGGM Limited Partnership. Ms. Hooper is a partner of Advent International
     Corporation, which is the general partner of Advent International Limited
     Partnership, the general partner of the Advent-sponsored limited
     partnerships. Ms. Hooper may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held
     by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships. Ms. Hooper disclaims
     beneficial ownership of all these shares, except to the extent of her
     pecuniary interest therein.
 (6) Includes 2,744,105 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
     Annex, L.P. and 375,235 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
     Annex, L.P. and 44,415 shares held directly by Mr. de Chazal. Mr. de
     Chazal is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Morgan Stanley
     Venture Capital II, Inc., the managing general partner of Morgan Stanley
     Venture Partners II, L.P., which is the general partner of each of the
     Morgan Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships. Mr. de Chazal may be deemed
     to beneficially own the shares held by the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
     limited partnerships. Mr. de Chazal disclaims beneficial ownership of all
     these shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
 (7) Includes 9,500 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Kavanagh
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (8) Represents 7,166 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Sheer
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
 (9) Includes 112,973 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Jeanty
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001 and
     384,420 shares held by Tracy A. Jeanty, Mr. Jeanty's wife. Mr. Jeanty
     disclaims beneficial ownership of all these shares held by Mrs. Jeanty.
(10) Represents shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Ms. Martin-Kail
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
(11) Includes 75,735 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Lifshatz
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
(12) Includes 36,665 shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Wright
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001.
(13) Includes 2,744,105 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
     Annex, L.P., and 375,235 shares held by Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
     Annex, L.P. The general partner of each of the Morgan Stanley-sponsored
     limited partnerships is Morgan Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P. Morgan
     Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. is the managing general partner of Morgan
     Stanley Venture Partners II, L.P. and exercises sole voting and investment
     power with respect to all shares held of record by the Morgan Stanley-
     sponsored limited partnerships; individually, no stockholder, director or
     officer of Morgan Stanley Venture Capital II, Inc. is deemed to have or
     share voting or investment power. In addition, Morgan Stanley Venture
     Capital II, Inc., holds 305,228 shares directly.

(14) Includes 357,849 shares held by Advent Euro--Italian Direct Investment
     Program Limited Partnership; 96,191 shares held by Advent Partners Limited
     Partnership; 2,613,975 shares held by Global Private Equity II Limited
     Partnership; 549,683 shares held by Global Private Equity II--Europe
     Limited Partnership; and 746,306 shares held by Global Private Equity II--
     PGGM Limited Partnership. The general partner of the Advent-sponsored
     limited partnerships is Advent International Limited Partnership. Advent
     International Corporation is the general partner of Advent International
     Limited Partnership and exercises sole voting and investment power with
     respect to all shares held of record by the Advent-sponsored limited
     partnerships; individually, no stockholder, director or officer of Advent
     International Corporation is deemed to have or share this voting or
     investment power.
(15) Includes 621,757 shares of common stock which the directors and executive
     officers as a group have the right to acquire pursuant to options
     exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2001. Includes 4,364,004 shares
     held by the Advent-sponsored limited partnerships that Ms. Hooper may be
     deemed to beneficially own and 3,119,340 shares held by the Morgan
     Stanley-sponsored limited partnerships that Mr. de Chazal may be deemed to
     beneficially own.

                    DESCRIPTION OF LIONBRIDGE CAPITAL STOCK

   The following is a summary of certain matters with respect to the capital
stock of Lionbridge. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all
information that may be important to you. Therefore, you should read the more
detailed provisions of Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation and by-laws
carefully.

General

   As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Lionbridge's authorized
capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Lionbridge common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
$0.01 per share. No other classes of capital stock are authorized under the
Lionbridge certificate of incorporation. The issued and outstanding shares of
Lionbridge common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.

Lionbridge Common Stock

   Holders of Lionbridge common stock have no preemptive, redemption or
conversion rights. The holders of Lionbridge common stock are entitled to
receive dividends when and as declared by the Lionbridge board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor and subject to any preferential
dividend rights of any then outstanding preferred stock. Upon Lionbridge's
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Lionbridge common stock
may share ratably in Lionbridge's net assets after payment of liquidating
distributions to holders of Lionbridge preferred stock, if any. Each holder of
Lionbridge common stock is entitled to one vote per share of Lionbridge common
stock held of record by such holder.

   The registrar and transfer agent for the Lionbridge common stock is
American Stock Transfer & Trust Co.

Lionbridge Preferred Stock

   The Lionbridge board of directors has the power, without further vote of
stockholders, to authorize the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of
Lionbridge preferred stock and to fix and determine the terms, limitations and
relative rights and preferences of any shares of Lionbridge preferred stock.
This power includes the authority to establish voting, dividend, redemption,
conversion, liquidation and other rights of any such shares. There are no
shares of Lionbridge preferred stock currently outstanding.

    COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS OF DATA DIMENSIONS AND LIONBRIDGE

General

   This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the material
differences between the rights of holders of Data Dimensions common stock and
holders of Lionbridge common stock. While Data Dimensions and Lionbridge
believe that the description covers the material differences between the two,
this summary is not intended to be a complete discussion of the respective
certificates of incorporation and by-laws of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge
and it is qualified in its entirety to applicable Delaware law as well as to
Data Dimensions' and Lionbridge's respective certificates of incorporation and
by-laws. You should carefully read this entire summary and the other documents
we refer to for a more complete understanding of the differences between being
a stockholder of Data Dimensions and being a stockholder of Lionbridge. Data
Dimensions' and Lionbridge's respective certificates of incorporation and by-
laws are on file with the SEC and will also be sent to you upon request. For
more information, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 106.

   Both Data Dimensions and Lionbridge are incorporated under the laws of the
state of Delaware. Accordingly, the rights of their stockholders are governed
by Delaware law and by their respective certificates of incorporation and by-
laws. If the merger is completed, stockholders of Data Dimensions will become
stockholders of Lionbridge and the rights of the former stockholders of Data
Dimensions will be governed by

Delaware law, the Lionbridge certificate of incorporation and the Lionbridge
by-laws. The following summarizes differences in the certificates of
incorporation of Data Dimensions and Lionbridge that could materially affect
the rights of stockholders of Data Dimensions after completion of the merger.

Capitalization

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common
stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. On March 31, 2001, 28,038,697
shares of Lionbridge common stock were issued and outstanding and no shares of
preferred stock were issued and outstanding. Lionbridge's board has the
authority, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of authorized
preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the rights
and preferences, including voting rights, of each series of preferred stock,
which rights and preferences may be superior to that of Lionbridge common
stock.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of
$0.001 par value common stock. As of March 31, 2001, 13,560,972 shares of Data
Dimensions common stock were issued and outstanding.

Voting

   Lionbridge. Each holder of Lionbridge common stock is entitled to one vote
for each share and may not cumulate votes. Except as otherwise required by law
or provided in the Lionbridge certificate of incorporation, the holders of
Lionbridge common stock and Lionbridge preferred stock vote together as a
single class on all matters voted on by the Lionbridge stockholders.

   Data Dimensions. Each holder of Data Dimensions common stock is entitled to
cast one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share held, on all matters to be
voted on by the stockholders of the company. All elections are determined by a
plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by Data
Dimensions' certificate of incorporation or by Delaware law, all other matters
are determined by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively. Any
business combination with a beneficial owner of 30% or more of the Data
Dimensions' capital stock entitled to vote on such business combination must be
approved by holders of 66 2/3% of the remaining capital stock entitled to be
voted on the business combination, excluding the shares of capital stock held
by the 30% beneficial owner.

Number and Classification of Directors

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's by-laws provide that the number of directors may
not be less than three. Lionbridge's by-laws and certificate of incorporation
provide that its board of directors will be comprised of three classes with no
one class having more than one director more than any other class. Each class
is elected for three years and a different class of directors stands for
election each year.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' by-laws provide that the number of
directors which constitute the entire board of directors may not be less than
three nor more than fifteen, the specific number to be fixed from time to time
by resolution of the board of directors. The affirmative vote of the holders of
66 2/3% of the common stock of Data Dimensions is required for the amendment or
repeal by the stockholders of that section of the by-laws of Data Dimensions
which fixes the total number of directors. Data Dimensions' by-laws and
certificate of incorporation provide that its board of directors is to be
comprised of three classes, with each class consisting of one-third of the
number of directors constituting the entire board of directors. In instances
where the total number of directors is a number other than a multiple of three,
the number of directors to be elected to each class is to reasonably
approximate the number which would have been elected to such class had the
total number of directors been a multiple of three. Each class is elected for
three years and a different class of directors stands for election each year.

Removal of Directors

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's by-laws and certificate of incorporation provide
that the stockholders may remove a director for cause by the affirmative vote
of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of the capital stock of
Lionbridge outstanding and entitled to vote or without cause by the affirmative
vote of holders of at least 75% of the shares of the capital stock of
Lionbridge outstanding and entitled to vote.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' by-laws provide that the stockholders may
remove a director or the entire board of directors at any time, but only for
cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the capital stock of the company.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's by-laws and certificate of incorporation provide
that the directors will fill a vacancy on the board, including a vacancy caused
by an enlargement of the board, by a vote of the majority of the directors then
in office, even if they constitute less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director. A director elected to fill a vacancy will be elected to hold office
until the next election of the class for which the director was elected and
until a successor is elected and qualified.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' by-laws and certificate of incorporation
provide that the directors will fill a vacancy on the board of directors,
including a vacancy caused by an enlargement of the board of directors, by a
vote of the majority of the directors then in office, even if they constitute
less than a quorum. A director elected to fill a vacancy will be elected to
hold office until the next election of the class for which the director was
elected and until a successor is elected and qualified.

Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation provides that any
proposal amending Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation to reduce or
eliminate the number of its authorized shares of common stock or preferred
stock, or relating to Lionbridge's perpetual existence, the board of directors
generally, stockholder action and special meetings of stockholders, personal
liability of directors, indemnification, factors the board may consider in
connection with mergers and acquisitions or amending the certificate of
incorporation requires the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the shares of
capital stock of Lionbridge outstanding and entitled to vote.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' certificate of incorporation provides that
the company reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
of its certificate of incorporation in the manner prescribed by statute.

Amendments to By-laws

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's by-laws provide that the directors may amend the
by-laws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any
regular or special meeting at which a quorum is present. In addition,
Lionbridge's by-laws also provide that the stockholders may amend the by-laws
by the affirmative vote of 75% of the shares of Lionbridge capital stock
outstanding and entitled to vote at any regular or special meeting of
stockholders.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' by-laws provide that the directors may
amend the by-laws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the authorized
directors, whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized
directorships at such time. The by-laws also provide that the stockholders may
adopt, amend or repeal the by-laws.

Action by Written Consent

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide
that the stockholders may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a
meeting.

   Data Dimensions. As permitted by Delaware law, action required or permitted
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of Data
Dimensions, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a
vote, by the written consent of stockholders having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a
meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

Notice of Stockholder Actions

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's by-laws provide that to nominate directors or bring
business before an annual meeting, stockholders must give written notice to the
Secretary of Lionbridge at least 120 days, but not more than 150 days, prior to
the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement delivered to
stockholders in connection with the preceding year's annual meeting. However,
if the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 60 days after the
anniversary date or if no proxy statement was delivered to stockholders in
connection with the preceding year's annual meeting, stockholders must give
written notice not more than 90 days prior to the annual meeting and not less
than the later of 60 days prior to the annual meeting and 10 days after
Lionbridge makes the first public announcement of the date of the meeting.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' by-laws provide that to nominate directors
or otherwise bring business before a stockholder meeting, stockholders must
give written notice to the Secretary of Data Dimensions at least 75 days, but
not more than 90 days, prior to the date of the stockholder meeting. If,
however, less than 90 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of
the stockholder meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the
stockholder must be given not later than the close of business on the fifteenth
day following the day on which the notice of meeting was mailed or the public
disclosure made, whichever first occurs.

Right to Call Special Meeting of Stockholders

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's by-laws provide that the chairman of the board of
directors, a majority of the board of directors or the President may call a
special meeting of stockholders at any time.

   Data Dimensions. Data Dimensions' by-laws provide that the board of
directors or the President may call a special meeting of stockholders at any
time. The President and Secretary are to call a special meeting of the
stockholders upon the written request of stockholders holding a majority of the
capital stock of the company.

Limitation of Personal Liability of Directors

   The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation's
certificate of incorporation may include a provision limiting the personal
liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. However, no provision can
eliminate or limit the liability of a director for:

  .  any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
     stockholders;

  .  acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
     misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

  .  willful or negligent violation of the laws governing the payment of
     dividends or the purchase or redemption of stock; or

  .  any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
     benefit.

   Lionbridge. The Lionbridge certificate of incorporation provides that no
director shall be personally liable to Lionbridge or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as director, notwithstanding any
provision of law imposing liability, except:

  .  for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Lionbridge or its
     stockholders;

  .  for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
     misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

  .  under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
     Delaware; or

  .  for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
     benefit.

   Data Dimensions. The Data Dimensions certificate of incorporation provides
that no director will be personally liable to Data Dimensions or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
notwithstanding any provision of law imposing such liability, except:

  .  for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Data Dimensions or
     its stockholders;

  .  for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
     misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

  .  under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
     Delaware; or

  .  for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
     benefit.

Dividends

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation provides that
Lionbridge's board may declare and pay dividends upon shares of Lionbridge
common stock, but only out of funds available for the payment of dividends as
provided by law, and subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding
preferred stock. The terms of Lionbridge's credit facility with Silicon Valley
Bank prohibit the payment of cash dividends to Lionbridge by its European
subsidiaries and the terms of Lionbridge's subordinated notes held by Capital
Resource Lenders and the Morgan Stanley limited partnerships prohibit
Lionbridge from paying any dividends to the Lionbridge stockholders.

   Data Dimensions. As permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, Data
Dimensions' board may declare and pay dividends upon shares of Data Dimensions
common stock, but only out of funds available for the payment of dividends as
provided by law.

Conversion and Redemption

   Lionbridge. Holders of Lionbridge common stock have no right to convert
their shares into any other shares of capital stock of Lionbridge or any other
securities. Holders of Lionbridge common stock are not entitled to any
redemption rights.

   Data Dimensions. In accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law,
holders of Data Dimensions common stock have no right to convert their shares
into any other shares of capital stock of Data Dimensions or any other
securities. Holders of Data Dimensions common stock are not entitled to any
redemption rights.

Liquidation

   Lionbridge. Lionbridge's certificate of incorporation provides that upon the
dissolution or liquidation of Lionbridge, holders of Lionbridge common stock
will be entitled to receive all assets of Lionbridge available for distribution
to Lionbridge's stockholders, subject to any preferential rights of any then
outstanding preferred stock.

   Data Dimensions. In accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law,
upon the dissolution or liquidation of Data Dimensions, holders of Data
Dimensions common stock will be entitled to receive all assets of Data
Dimensions available for distribution to Data Dimensions' stockholders.

                       RIGHTS OF DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS

   Under Delaware law, Data Dimensions stockholders who vote against the merger
and the agreement and plan of reorganization will have no statutory right of
appraisal to receive the "fair value" of their shares in cash rather than the
Lionbridge common stock specified in the agreement and plan of reorganization.

                      GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY APPROVALS

   Other than compliance with federal and state securities laws applicable for
the issuance of Lionbridge common stock in the merger and with respect to the
soliciting the votes of the Data Dimensions stockholders to approve the merger
and compliance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, Lionbridge and Data
Dimensions do not believe that any material federal or state governmental
approvals or actions will be required for completion of the merger.

   While no antitrust approvals are required to consummate the merger, at any
time before the effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission or a private person or
entity could seek under antitrust laws, among other things, to enjoin the
merger and any time after the effective time of the merger, to cause Lionbridge
to divest itself, in whole or in part, of the surviving corporation of the
merger or of certain businesses conducted by the surviving corporation of the
merger. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger will not be
made or that, if such a challenge is made, Lionbridge will prevail. For more
information, see "The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization--Conditions to
Completion of the Merger" on page 49.

                                    EXPERTS

   The audited consolidated financial statements of Lionbridge Technologies,
Inc. as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2000 included in this proxy statement/prospectus,
except as they relate to INT'L.com, Inc. as of December 31, 1999 and for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1999, have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, and, insofar as they
relate to INT'L.com, Inc. as of December 31, 1999 and for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 1999, have been audited by Arthur Andersen
LLP, independent accountants, whose reports thereon appear herein. Such
financial statements have been so included in reliance on the reports of such
independent accountants given on the authority of such firms as experts in
auditing and accounting.

   The financial statements of Data Dimensions, Inc. as of December 31, 2000
and 1999 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000
included in this proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance
on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on
the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   The validity of the shares of Lionbridge common stock to be issued in
connection with the merger will be passed upon for Lionbridge by Testa, Hurwitz
& Thibeault, LLP. Attorneys at Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP owned 16,667
shares of Lionbridge common stock as of March 31, 2001. Garvey, Schubert &
Barer, counsel to Data Dimensions, will pass upon certain U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the merger.

                             STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   If the merger and agreement and plan of reorganization is not approved and
adopted by the Data Dimensions stockholders at the special meeting, any
stockholder proposal intended to be presented at the annual meeting of
stockholders of Data Dimensions, to be held in 2001, must have been received by
Data Dimensions on or before December 8, 2000, to be considered for inclusion
in the proxy statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting. If the
merger and agreement and plan of reorganization is not approved and adopted by
the Data Dimensions stockholders at the special meeting, the board of directors
of Data Dimensions will set a date and time for the 2001 annual meeting. If
less than 90 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the 2001
annual meeting of Data Dimensions stockholders is given or made to
stockholders, notice by a stockholder of such stockholder's intent to present a
proposal at the 2001 annual meeting (which proposal would not be included in
the proxy materials), must be received by Data Dimensions not later than the
close of business on the fifteenth day following the day on which the notice of
annual meeting is mailed or public disclosure of the annual meeting date is
made, whichever first occurs.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Lionbridge and Data Dimensions file annual, quarterly and special reports
and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read
and copy any reports, statements or other information filed by Lionbridge or
Data Dimensions at the Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference
room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the
Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on
the public reference room. Each of Lionbridge's and Data Dimensions' Securities
and Exchange Commission filings are also available to the public from
commercial document retrieval services and at the Web site maintained by the
Securities and Exchange Commission at "http://www.sec.gov." Lionbridge
maintains a world wide Web site at "http://www.lionbridge.com" and Data
Dimensions maintains a world wide Web site at "http://www.data-dimensions.com."
Neither company's Web site is a part of this proxy statement/prospectus.

   Lionbridge filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration
statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to register
with the Securities and Exchange Commission the Lionbridge common stock
issuable pursuant to the agreement and plan of reorganization. This proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you can find in the
registration statement or the exhibits and schedules to the registration
statement. For further information with respect to Lionbridge, Data Dimensions
and the Lionbridge common stock, please refer to the registration statement,
including the exhibits and schedules. You may inspect and copy the registration
statement, including the exhibits and schedules, as described above. Statements
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus about the contents of any contract
or other document are not necessarily complete, and we refer you, in each case,
to the copy of such contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement.

   Lionbridge has supplied all information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Lionbridge, and Data Dimensions has supplied
all information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus relating to Data
Dimensions.

                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
Introduction.............................................................  F-2
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of Operations for the
 year ended December 31, 2000............................................  F-3
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet as of December 31,
 2000....................................................................  F-4
Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements.....  F-5

LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.:
Reports of Independent Accountants.......................................  F-6
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999.............  F-8
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
 2000, 1999 and 1998.....................................................  F-9
Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Preferred Stock and Stockholders'
 Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998... F-10
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
 2000, 1999 and 1998..................................................... F-12
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements............................... F-13

DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.:
Report of Independent Accountants........................................ F-36
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999............. F-37
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the
 years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998............................ F-38
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
 December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998........................................ F-39
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
 2000, 1999 and 1998..................................................... F-40
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements............................... F-41

                                      F-1

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   On March 8, 2001, Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. ("Lionbridge") entered into
an agreement to acquire all of the capital stock of Data Dimensions, Inc.
("Data Dimensions"). The transaction is intended to be a tax-free, stock-for-
stock transaction, accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
Lionbridge will issue approximately 2,588,570 shares of its common stock in
exchange for all of the capital stock of Data Dimensions and up to
approximately 450,000 additional shares of its common stock upon the exercise
of outstanding options and warrants of Data Dimensions being assumed by
Lionbridge.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information should be
read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related
notes thereto of Lionbridge and Data Dimensions which are presented in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information."
The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet gives effect to the
acquisition as if it had occurred on December 31, 2000 and includes all
material pro forma adjustments necessary for this purpose. The unaudited pro
forma combined condensed statement of operations combines Lionbridge's
operating results for the year ended December 31, 2000 with the operating
results of Data Dimensions for the same period. The unaudited pro forma
combined condensed statement of operations gives effect to the acquisition as
if it had occurred on January 1, 2000 and includes all material pro forma
adjustments necessary for this purpose.

   Lionbridge expects to incur costs of the acquisition principally in the
quarter in which the acquisition is consummated. Such costs, which are
currently estimated to be approximately $500,000, will primarily consist of
fees to legal counsel and independent accountants, and printing and other fees
and expenses relating to preparing this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
However, additional unanticipated expenses may be incurred in connection with
this transaction. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
statements reflect these estimated transaction costs.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements are
presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of
the operating results or financial position that would have been achieved if
the acquisition had been consummated as of the beginning of the period
presented, nor are they necessarily indicative of the future operating results
or financial position of the combined company.

                                      F-2

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                              Data       Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                                Lionbridge Dimensions Adjustments (2)  Combined
                                ---------- ---------- ---------------  ---------

Revenue.......................   $115,149   $ 32,408                   $147,557
Cost of revenue...............     72,746     22,448      $   204        95,398
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
  Gross profit................     42,403      9,960         (204)       52,159
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing.........     11,384        --         5,802        17,186
  General and administrative..     33,143     25,748       (2,127)5(a)   50,758
                                                           (6,006)
  Research and development....      2,518        --                       2,518
  Amortization of acquisition-
   related intangible assets..      6,503        --          (430)5(b)    6,073
  Merger, restructuring and
   other charges (credits)....      4,266       (136)                     4,130
  Stock-based compensation....        799        --                         799
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
    Total operating expenses..     58,613     25,612       (2,761)       81,464
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
Loss from operations..........    (16,210)   (15,652)       2,557       (29,305)
Interest expense..............      2,735         22         (270)        2,487
Other (income) expense, net...        714       (211)         270           773
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
Loss from continuing
 operations before income
 taxes........................    (19,659)   (15,463)       2,557       (32,565)
Provision for (benefit from)
 income taxes of continuing
 operations...................        616     (4,361)                    (3,745)
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
Loss from continuing
 operations, net of taxes.....    (20,275)   (11,102)       2,557       (28,820)
Loss from discontinued
 operations, net of taxes.....        --      (1,476)                    (1,476)
Gain from sale of discontinued
 operations, net of taxes.....        --       3,102                      3,102
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
Net loss......................    (20,275)    (9,476)       2,557       (27,194)
Accrued dividends on preferred
 stock........................      3,574        --                       3,574
                                 --------   --------      -------      --------
Net loss attributable to
 common stockholders..........   $(23,849)  $ (9,476)     $ 2,557      $(30,768)
                                 ========   ========      =======      ========
Basic and diluted net loss per
 share attributable to common
 stockholders (1):
    From continuing
     operations...............   $  (0.96)  $  (0.82)                  $  (1.18)
    From discontinued
     operations...............        --        0.12                       0.06
                                 --------   --------                   --------
                                 $  (0.96)  $  (0.70)                  $  (1.12)
                                 ========   ========                   ========
Shares used in computing basic
 and diluted net loss per
 share attributable to common
 stockholders (1).............     24,871     13,560                     27,459

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-3

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                               DECEMBER 31, 2000

                             (Amounts in thousands)

                                             Data      Pro Forma      Pro Forma
                               Lionbridge Dimensions Adjustments(2)   Combined
                               ---------- ---------- --------------   ---------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents...  $ 16,741   $ 2,110                    $ 18,851
  Accounts receivable, net....    16,355    11,523      $ (1,070)       26,808
  Work in process.............     6,710       --          1,070         7,780
  Income tax receivable.......       --      4,500                       4,500
  Other current assets........     1,795     1,103                       2,898
                                --------   -------      --------      --------
    Total current assets......    41,601    19,236           --         60,837
Property and equipment, net...     4,932     2,952        (2,952)6(a)    4,932
Goodwill and other intangible
 assets, net..................    14,865       --                       14,865
Other assets..................       648       947                       1,595
                                --------   -------      --------      --------
      Total assets............  $ 62,046   $23,135      $ (2,952)     $ 82,229
                                ========   =======      ========      ========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Short-term debt and current
   portion of long-term debt..  $ 11,337   $   --                     $ 11,337
  Accounts payable............     6,669     1,057                       7,726
  Accrued expenses and other
   current liabilities........    15,782     3,031      $    500 6(d)   19,029
                                                            (284)
  Deferred revenue............     3,578       --            284         3,862
                                --------   -------      --------      --------
    Total current
     liabilities..............    37,366     4,088           500        41,954
                                --------   -------      --------      --------
Long-term debt, less current
 portion......................    13,265       --                       13,265
Deferred credit...............       --        --          2,151 6(a)    2,151
Other long-term liabilities...       231       192                         423
Accumulated deficit...........   (79,325)   (2,529)        2,529 6(b)  (79,325)
Other stockholders' equity....    90,509    21,384       (21,384)6(b)  103,761
                                                          13,252 6(c)
                                --------   -------      --------      --------
    Total stockholders'
     equity...................    11,184    18,855        (5,603)       24,436
                                --------   -------      --------      --------
      Total liabilities and
       stockholders' equity...  $ 62,046   $23,135      $ (2,952)     $ 82,229
                                ========   =======      ========      ========

   See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-4

                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA

                    COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) The unaudited pro forma combined per share amounts are based on the
    combined weighted-average number of Lionbridge common shares and Data
    Dimensions common shares outstanding for the period presented based on Data
    Dimensions stockholders receiving 0.190884 of a Lionbridge common share for
    each share of Data Dimensions common stock held.

(2) Certain reclassifications have been made to the Data Dimensions statement
    of operations and balance sheet to classify certain expenses and
    liabilities on a basis consistent with the Lionbridge presentation. None of
    the expense reclassifications affect loss from continuing operations.

(3) There were no financial transactions between Lionbridge and Data Dimensions
    during the period presented.

(4) Restructuring costs are anticipated to be incurred in connection with the
    acquisition of Data Dimensions. Such costs, which have not yet been
    estimated, may include amounts with respect to the elimination of excess
    facilities and employee severance. These costs have not been reflected in
    the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

(5) Adjustments to reflect the acquisition of Data Dimensions as if it had
    occurred as of January 1, 2000 are as follows:

  a)  To remove depreciation expense of Data Dimensions due to the write down
      of property and equipment (see Note (6)(a)).

  b) To record amortization of the $2.2 million deferred credit generated
     from the acquisition of Data Dimensions, assuming one year of a five-
     year amortization period, recorded on a straight-line basis.

(6)  Adjustments to reflect the acquisition of Data Dimensions as if it had
     occurred as of December 31, 2000 are as follows:

  a) To allocate the excess of the fair value of assets and liabilities of
     Data Dimensions over the purchase price to the noncurrent assets of Data
     Dimensions, resulting in a residual deferred credit of $2.2 million. No
     amount of the excess has been allocated to the other long-term assets of
     Data Dimensions as these principally represent deferred taxes and cash
     deposits. The allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of
     assets and liabilities of Data Dimensions has not yet been determined.
     Therefore, for purposes of the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
     financial information, the excess of the book value of net assets
     acquired of Data Dimensions over the purchase price, after partial
     allocation to noncurrent assets, is being recorded as a deferred credit.

  b) To remove pre-acquisition stockholders' equity of Data Dimensions.

  c) To record issuance of 2,588,570 shares of Lionbridge common stock, the
     number of shares expected to be issued in the merger, at a value of
     $4.89 per share, the average closing price of Lionbridge common stock
     for five days before and after the announcement of the acquisition, as
     well as the fair value of the options and warrants to be assumed by
     Lionbridge for the purchase of approximately 450,000 shares of
     Lionbridge common stock, provisionally estimated to be $600,000.

  d) To record estimated merger transaction costs.

                                      F-5

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.:

   In our opinion, based on our audits and the report of other auditors, the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated
statements of operations, redeemable preferred stock and stockholders' equity
(deficit) and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We did not audit the financial statements of
INT'L.com, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, as of December 31, 1999 and for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1999, which statements
reflect total assets of $23,805,000 as of December 31, 1999 and total revenues
of $34,902,000 and $17,317,000 for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 1999. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report
thereon has been furnished to us, and our opinion expressed herein, insofar as
it relates to the amounts included for INT'L.com, Inc., is based solely on the
report of the other auditors. We conducted our audits of these statements in
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits and the report of other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
January 29, 2001, except as to Note 17
 which is as of April 2, 2001

                                      F-6

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors of
INT'L.com, Inc. and Subsidiaries:

   We have audited the consolidated balance sheet, as restated, of INT'L.com,
Inc. and Subsidiaries (a Delaware corporation formerly known as IC Global
Services, Inc.) as of December 31, 1999, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, redeemable preferred stock, stockholders' equity
(deficit) and comprehensive loss and cash flows for each of the two years in
the period ended December 31, 1999. These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

   We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

   In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of INT'L.com,
Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1999, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 1999, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.

                                          /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
March 3, 2000

                                      F-7

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                   (Amounts in thousands, except share data)

                                                              December 31,
                                                            ------------------
                                                              2000      1999
                          ASSETS                            --------  --------

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents................................ $ 16,741  $ 12,350
  Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $699 and $1,122
   at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.............   16,355    15,063
  Work in process..........................................    6,710     5,119
  Other current assets.....................................    1,795     1,410
                                                            --------  --------
    Total current assets...................................   41,601    33,942
Property and equipment, net................................    4,932     6,388
Goodwill and other intangible assets, net..................   14,865    19,948
Other assets...............................................      648       417
                                                            --------  --------
    Total assets........................................... $ 62,046  $ 60,695
                                                            ========  ========

          LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK
            AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Current liabilities:
  Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt.... $ 11,337  $  9,636
  Current portion of capital lease obligations.............      255       959
  Accounts payable.........................................    6,669     9,621
  Accrued compensation and benefits........................    6,784     4,798
  Accrued outsourcing......................................    4,148     2,664
  Other accrued expenses...................................    4,371     4,081
  Deferred revenue.........................................    3,578     3,619
  Deferred income taxes....................................      224       224
                                                            --------  --------
    Total current liabilities..............................   37,366    35,602
                                                            --------  --------
Long-term debt, less current portion.......................   13,265    15,472
Capital lease obligations, less current portion............      114       307
Other long-term liabilities................................      117       269
Redeemable preferred stock.................................       --    19,787
Commitments (Note 7)
Stockholders' equity (deficit):
  Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; 5,000,000 shares
   authorized; no shares issued and outstanding............       --        --
  Common stock, $0.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares
   authorized; 27,561,640 and 21,323,790 shares issued and
   27,520,443 and 21,282,593 shares outstanding at December
   31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.........................      276       213
  Additional paid-in capital...............................   91,087    47,239
  Accumulated deficit......................................  (79,325)  (55,476)
  Deferred compensation....................................   (1,690)   (2,837)
  Subscriptions receivable.................................     (102)     (152)
  Treasury stock, at cost..................................     (167)     (167)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income...................    1,105       438
                                                            --------  --------
    Total stockholders' equity (deficit)...................   11,184   (10,742)
                                                            --------  --------
    Total liabilities, redeemable preferred stock and
     stockholders' equity (deficit)........................ $ 62,046  $ 60,695
                                                            ========  ========

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-8

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                      For the Years Ended
                                                         December 31,
                                                   ---------------------------
                                                     2000      1999     1998
                                                   --------  --------  -------

Revenue........................................... $115,149  $ 88,764  $59,754
Cost of revenue...................................   72,746    62,644   39,885
                                                   --------  --------  -------
  Gross profit....................................   42,403    26,120   19,869
                                                   --------  --------  -------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing.............................   11,384    10,141    5,053
  General and administrative......................   33,143    29,222   16,393
  Research and development........................    2,518     2,216      265
  Amortization of acquisition-related intangible
   assets.........................................    6,503     6,113    2,445
  Merger, restructuring and other charges.........    4,266     1,197      501
  Acquired in-process research and development....       --       300       --
  Stock-based compensation........................      799       730       --
                                                   --------  --------  -------
    Total operating expenses......................   58,613    49,919   24,657
                                                   --------  --------  -------
Loss from operations..............................  (16,210)  (23,799)  (4,788)
Interest expense:
  Interest on outstanding debt....................    2,523     2,349      816
  Accretion of discount on debt...................      212     6,009       --
Other (income) expense, net.......................      714       351      (69)
                                                   --------  --------  -------
Loss before income taxes..........................  (19,659)  (32,508)  (5,535)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes.........      616       699     (306)
                                                   --------  --------  -------
Net loss..........................................  (20,275)  (33,207)  (5,229)
Accrued dividends on preferred stock..............    3,574     2,397    1,248
                                                   --------  --------  -------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders...... $(23,849) $(35,604) $(6,477)
                                                   ========  ========  =======
Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable
 to common stockholders........................... $  (0.96) $  (3.08) $ (1.64)
Shares used in computing basic and diluted net
 loss per share attributable to
 common stockholders..............................   24,871    11,560    3,938

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-9

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                   (DEFICIT)

                (Amounts in thousands, except number of shares)

                       Redeemable                                                                            Treasury
                     Preferred Stock      Common Stock                                                         Stock
                   --------------------  ---------------                                                   -------------

                                                         Additional
                                                    Par   Paid-in   Accumulated   Deferred   Subscriptions
                     Shares     Amount    Shares   Value  Capital     Deficit   Compensation  Receivable   Shares Amount
                   -----------  -------  --------- ----- ---------- ----------- ------------ ------------- ------ ------

Balance at
December 31,
1997.............   13,271,454  $14,356  3,145,437  $31    $   60     $(7,395)
Issuance of
common stock and
preferred stock
in connection
with business
combinations.....    1,095,514    2,661  1,025,699   11       899
Stock options
exercised........                          316,662    3        39
Issuance of
common stock in
exchange for
subscriptions
receivable.......                          115,599    1       495                                $(496)
Issuance of
Series B
redeemable
preferred stock..    1,344,258    5,000
Dividend
distribution.....        5,000      500                                (6,000)
Accrual of
dividends on
preferred stock..                 1,248                                (1,248)
Accretion of
common stock to
redemption
value............                                             121
Collection of
subscriptions
receivable.......                                                                                   50
Comprehensive
loss:
 Net loss........                                                      (5,229)
 Other
 comprehensive
 loss:
 Translation
 adjustment......
                   -----------  -------  ---------  ---    ------     -------     -------        -----      ---   ------
 Comprehensive
 loss............
Balance at
December 31,
1998.............   15,716,226   23,765  4,603,397   46     1,614     (19,872)                    (446)
Issuance of
common stock and
preferred stock
in connection
with business
combinations.....      936,991    5,830  2,073,953   21     3,785
Issuance of
warrants in
connection with
debt financing...                                           6,221
Deferred
compensation.....                                           3,803                 $(3,803)
Amortization of
deferred
compensation.....                                                                     730
Reversal of
deferred
compensation due
to option
forfeitures......                                            (236)                    236
Stock options
exercised........                          765,741    8       290
Accrual of
dividends on
preferred stock..                 2,397                                (2,397)
Accretion of
common stock to
redemption
value............                                             120
Warrants
exercised........                        1,533,050   15         5
Issuance of
common stock in
connection with
initial public
offering.........                        3,500,000   35    31,725
Issuance of
Series B
redeemable
preferred stock..    1,048,752    3,900
Redemption and
conversion of
preferred stock..  (13,271,454) (16,105) 8,847,649   88       (88)
Collection of
subscriptions
receivable.......                                                                                           147
Purchase of
treasury stock...                                                                                           147   41,197
                    Accumulated      Total
                       Other     Stockholders'
                   Comprehensive    Equity     Comprehensive
                      Income       (Deficit)       Loss
                   ------------- ------------- -------------

Balance at
December 31,
1997.............      $ 741        $(6,563)
Issuance of
common stock and
preferred stock
in connection
with business
combinations.....                       910
Stock options
exercised........                        42
Issuance of
common stock in
exchange for
subscriptions
receivable.......                        --
Issuance of
Series B
redeemable
preferred stock..
Dividend
distribution.....                    (6,000)
Accrual of
dividends on
preferred stock..                    (1,248)
Accretion of
common stock to
redemption
value............                       121
Collection of
subscriptions
receivable.......                        50
Comprehensive
loss:
 Net loss........                    (5,229)      $(5,229)
 Other
 comprehensive
 loss:
 Translation
 adjustment......       (362)          (362)         (362)
                   ------------- ------------- -------------
 Comprehensive
 loss............                                 $(5,591)
                                               =============
Balance at
December 31,
1998.............        379        (18,279)
Issuance of
common stock and
preferred stock
in connection
with business
combinations.....                     3,806
Issuance of
warrants in
connection with
debt financing...                     6,221
Deferred
compensation.....
Amortization of
deferred
compensation.....                       730
Reversal of
deferred
compensation due
to option
forfeitures......                        --
Stock options
exercised........                       298
Accrual of
dividends on
preferred stock..                    (2,397)
Accretion of
common stock to
redemption
value............                       120
Warrants
exercised........                        20
Issuance of
common stock in
connection with
initial public
offering.........                    31,760
Issuance of
Series B
redeemable
preferred stock..
Redemption and
conversion of
preferred stock..                        --
Collection of
subscriptions
receivable.......                       147
Purchase of
treasury stock...      $(167)           (20)

                                      F-10

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                            (DEFICIT)--(Continued)

                (Amounts in thousands, except number of shares)

                       Redeemable                                                                             Treasury
                     Preferred Stock       Common Stock                                                         Stock
                   --------------------  ----------------                                                   -------------

                                                          Additional
                                                     Par   Paid-in   Accumulated   Deferred   Subscriptions
                     Shares     Amount     Shares   Value  Capital     Deficit   Compensation  Receivable   Shares Amount
                   ----------  --------  ---------- ----- ---------- ----------- ------------ ------------- ------ ------

Comprehensive
loss:
 Net loss........                                                      (33,207)
 Other
 comprehensive
 income:
 Translation
 adjustment......                                                                                                     59
                   ----------  --------  ---------- ----   -------    --------     -------        -----     ------ -----
 Comprehensive
 loss............
Balance at
December 31,
1999.............   4,430,515    19,787  21,323,790  213    47,239     (55,476)     (2,837)        (152)    41,197  (167)
Accrual of
dividends on
preferred stock..                 3,574                                 (3,574)
Issuance of
common stock in
connection with
business
combinations.....                           381,338    4     7,473
Redemption and
conversion of
preferred stock
in connection
with business
combinations.....  (4,430,515)  (23,361)  3,179,748   32    23,329
Amortization of
deferred
compensation.....                                                                      799
Reversal of
deferred
compensation due
to option
forfeitures......                                             (348)                    348
Stock options
exercised........                           853,608    9       438
Issuance of
common stock
under employee
stock purchase
plans............                            31,228            284
Accretion of
common stock to
redemption
value............                                               60
Warrants
exercised........                           291,928    3        (3)
Collection of
subscriptions
receivable.......                                                                                    50
Issuance of
common stock in
connection with
private
placement........                         1,500,000   15    12,615
Comprehensive
loss:
 Net loss........                                                      (20,275)
 Other
 comprehensive
 income:
 Translation
 adjustment......
                   ----------  --------  ---------- ----   -------    --------     -------        -----     ------ -----
 Comprehensive
 loss............
Balance at
December 31,
2000.............          --  $     --  27,561,640 $276   $91,087    $(79,325)    $(1,690)       $(102)    41,197 $(167)
                   ==========  ========  ========== ====   =======    ========     =======        =====     ====== =====
                    Accumulated      Total
                       Other     Stockholders'
                   Comprehensive    Equity     Comprehensive
                      Income       (Deficit)       Loss
                   ------------- ------------- -------------

Comprehensive
loss:
 Net loss........                   (33,207)     $(33,207)
 Other
 comprehensive
 income:
 Translation
 adjustment......         59                           59
                   ------------- ------------- -------------
 Comprehensive
 loss............                                $(33,148)
                                               =============
Balance at
December 31,
1999.............        438        (10,742)
Accrual of
dividends on
preferred stock..                    (3,574)
Issuance of
common stock in
connection with
business
combinations.....                     7,477
Redemption and
conversion of
preferred stock
in connection
with business
combinations.....                    23,361
Amortization of
deferred
compensation.....                       799
Reversal of
deferred
compensation due
to option
forfeitures......                        --
Stock options
exercised........                       447
Issuance of
common stock
under employee
stock purchase
plans............                       284
Accretion of
common stock to
redemption
value............                        60
Warrants
exercised........                        --
Collection of
subscriptions
receivable.......                        50
Issuance of
common stock in
connection with
private
placement........                    12,630
Comprehensive
loss:
 Net loss........                   (20,275)     $(20,275)
 Other
 comprehensive
 income:
 Translation
 adjustment......        667            667           667
                   ------------- ------------- -------------
 Comprehensive
 loss............                                $(19,608)
                                               =============
Balance at
December 31,
2000.............     $1,105       $11, 184
                   ============= =============

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-11

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                             (Amounts in thousands)

                                                       For the Years Ended
                                                          December 31,
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                      2000      1999     1998
                                                    --------  --------  -------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss.........................................  $(20,275) $(33,207) $(5,229)
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    used in operating activities:
   Amortization of acquisition-related intangible
    assets........................................     6,503     6,113    2,445
   Stock-based compensation.......................       799       730       --
   Accretion of discount on debt..................       212     6,009       --
   Impairment of long-lived assets................       886        --       --
   Acquired in-process research and development...        --       300       --
   Depreciation and amortization of property and
    equipment.....................................     3,725     3,277    1,754
   Provision for doubtful accounts................      (404)      552      328
   Deferred income taxes..........................       143       519     (313)
   Other..........................................       126       (15)     (56)
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
    net of effects of acquisitions:
    Accounts receivable...........................    (1,641)   (2,304)     (82)
    Work in process...............................       318      (901)  (1,361)
    Other current assets..........................      (481)      404     (480)
    Other assets..................................      (213)       52     (193)
    Accounts payable..............................    (2,369)    3,009      656
    Accrued compensation and benefits.............     1,838     1,459      148
    Other accrued expenses........................     2,246       926      637
    Deferred revenue..............................         5     2,929     (950)
                                                    --------  --------  -------
    Net cash used in operating activities.........    (8,582)  (10,148)  (2,696)
                                                    --------  --------  -------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchases of property and equipment..............    (3,147)   (3,617)  (2,081)
 Payments for businesses acquired, net of cash
  acquired........................................    (2,876)   (4,150)  (3,340)
 Maturities (purchases) of marketable securities,
  net.............................................        --     2,194   (2,194)
                                                    --------  --------  -------
    Net cash used in investing activities.........    (6,023)   (5,573)  (7,615)
                                                    --------  --------  -------
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Net increase (decrease) in short-term debt.......     5,688      (366)   6,437
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt.........     1,109    14,000       --
 Payments of long-term debt.......................      (261)   (6,000)      (6)
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock...........    12,630        --       --
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock under
  option and employee stock purchase plans........       731       298       42
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock........        --     3,900    5,000
 Redemption of preferred stock....................        --   (16,105)      --
 Net proceeds from initial public offering of
  common stock....................................        --    31,760       --
 Payments of capital lease obligations............      (929)      (98)     138
 Purchase of treasury stock.......................        --       (20)      --
 Collection of subscriptions receivable...........        50       147       50
 Dividends paid...................................        --      (400)  (1,600)
 Other............................................        --       118       26
                                                    --------  --------  -------
    Net cash provided by financing activities.....    19,018    27,234   10,087
                                                    --------  --------  -------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents......................................     4,413    11,513     (224)
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
 equivalents......................................       (22)     (362)     (53)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year....    12,350     1,199    1,476
                                                    --------  --------  -------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year..........  $ 16,741  $ 12,350  $ 1,199
                                                    ========  ========  =======

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-12

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Basis of Presentation:

 Nature of the Business

   Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,
"Lionbridge" or the "Company") is a provider of globalization services to
Global 2000 and emerging companies in industries such as technology,
telecommunications, life sciences and financial services. Globalization
services, including localization, internationalization and testing, enable
simultaneous worldwide release and ongoing maintenance of products and product-
related technical support, training materials, and sales and marketing
information in multiple languages. Lionbridge has its head office in the United
States, with operations in France, Germany, Ireland, The Netherlands, Canada,
Brazil, China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea and the United States.

   On May 18, 2000, as more fully described in Note 4, Lionbridge completed its
acquisition of all of the capital stock of Harvard Translations, Inc. ("Harvard
Translations") by means of a merger. As a result of the merger, Harvard
Translations became a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge. In addition, as
more fully described in Note 4, on May 22, 2000, Lionbridge completed its
acquisition of all of the capital stock of INT'L.com, Inc. ("INT'L.com") by
means of a merger. As a result of the merger, INT'L.com became a wholly owned
subsidiary of Lionbridge. These transactions are referred to herein as the
"mergers". These consolidated financial statements have been prepared following
the pooling-of-interests method of accounting for the mergers and therefore
reflect the combined financial position, operating results and cash flows of
Lionbridge, Harvard Translations and INT'L.com as if they had been combined for
all periods.

   Information with respect to Harvard Translations and INT'L.com common stock,
options and warrants has been retroactively restated in connection with their
mergers with Lionbridge to reflect their applicable merger per-share exchange
ratios of 3.8864 and 0.7567, respectively.

2. Significant Accounting Policies:

   The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Lionbridge reflect the
application of certain significant accounting policies as described below:

 Principles of Consolidation

   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Lionbridge and its wholly owned subsidiaries from the effective date of their
acquisition or formation. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.

 Revenue Recognition

   Lionbridge recognizes revenue from the provision of services to its
customers primarily on the percentage-of-completion method of accounting, based
on all costs incurred to date as a percentage of management's estimate of total
costs of individual projects. Anticipated losses by project, if any, are
recognized in the period in which determined.

 Advertising Costs

   Advertising costs are included in sales and marketing expenses and are
expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately $223,000, $281,000
and $160,000 for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

                                      F-13

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Foreign Currency Translation

   The functional currency for each of Lionbridge's foreign operations is the
local currency of the country in which those operations are based. Revenues and
expenses of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average
rates of exchange during the year. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations
are translated into U.S. dollars at year-end rates of exchange. Resulting
cumulative translation adjustments are reflected as a separate component of
accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity (deficit).
Foreign currency transaction gains or losses, arising from exchange rate
fluctuations on transactions denominated in currencies other than the
functional currencies, are included in other (income) expense, net in the
consolidated statements of operations and were $714,000, $356,000 and $57,000
for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

   For the purpose of the disclosure of comprehensive loss, Lionbridge does not
record tax provisions or benefits for the net changes in foreign currency
translation adjustments, as Lionbridge intends to permanently reinvest
undistributed earnings in its foreign subsidiaries.

 Cash Equivalents

   The Company considers all investments with an original maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. Included in cash equivalents at December
31, 2000 and 1999 are funds held in money market accounts.

 Work in Process

   Work in process represents the value of work performed but not billed. Work
in process is calculated using the percentage-of-completion method based on
total anticipated costs and is stated at cost plus estimated profit, but not in
excess of net realizable value. Billing of amounts in work in process occurs
according to customer-agreed payment schedules or upon completion of specified
project milestones. All of Lionbridge's projects in work in process are
expected to be billed and collected within one year.

 Property and Equipment

   Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated
useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method, based upon the
following asset lives:

   Computer software and
    equipment.................. 1 to 5 years
   Furniture and office
    equipment.................. 3 to 7 years
   Leasehold improvements...... Shorter of lease term or useful life of asset

   Upon retirement or other disposition, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation of the assets are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain
or loss is reflected in the determination of net income or loss. Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

   Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets
of businesses acquired. Goodwill is amortized using the straight-line method
over five years. Other intangible assets arose from the acquisitions of
VeriTest, Inc. ("VeriTest"), International Language Engineering Corporation
("ILE"), and

                                      F-14

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

certain assets of the language services operation of Nortel Networks
Corporation ("Nortel") and consist of the following, which are being amortized
on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:

                                                                       Estimated
                                                                        Useful
                                                                         Life
                                                                       ---------

   VeriTest:
     Acquired workforce...............................................  5 years
     Trade name.......................................................  5 years
   ILE:
     Installed customer base..........................................  5 years
     Acquired workforce...............................................  2 years
     Completed technology.............................................  3 years
   Language services operation of Nortel:
     Acquired workforce...............................................  5 years

 Long-Lived Assets

   Lionbridge periodically evaluates the net realizable value of its long-lived
assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets and property and
equipment, relying on a number of factors including operating results, business
plans, economic projections and anticipated future cash flows. An impairment in
the carrying value of an asset is assessed when the undiscounted, expected
future operating cash flows derived from the asset are less than its carrying
value.

 Income Taxes

   Deferred income taxes are recognized based on the temporary differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using
enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the temporary differences are
expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are provided if, based on the weight
of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized.

 Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders

   Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 128, "Earnings per
Share." Basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is
computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. There is no
difference between basic and diluted earnings per share since potential common
shares from the conversion of preferred stock and exercises of stock options
and warrants are anti-dilutive for all periods presented.

 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation

   Lionbridge accounts for stock-based awards to employees using the intrinsic
value method as prescribed by Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and related interpretations.
Accordingly, no compensation expense is recorded for options issued to
employees in fixed amounts and with fixed exercise prices at least equal to the
fair market value of Lionbridge's common stock at the date of grant. When the
exercise price of stock options granted to employees is less than the fair
market value of common stock at the date of grant, Lionbridge records that
difference multiplied by the number of shares under option as deferred
compensation, which is then amortized over the vesting period of the options.
Lionbridge has adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-
Based Compensation," through disclosure only (see Note 9). All stock-based
awards to non-employees are accounted for at their fair value in accordance
with SFAS No. 123 and related guidance.

                                      F-15

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Use of Estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
estimates. Estimates are used when accounting for the collectibility of
receivables, calculating revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, and
valuing intangible assets, deferred tax assets and net assets of businesses
acquired.

 Concentrations of Credit Risk and Significant Customers

   Financial instruments which potentially subject Lionbridge to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and trade
accounts receivables. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with
financial institutions with high credit standing. Concentrations of credit risk
with respect to trade accounts receivable are limited due to the dispersion of
customers across different geographic regions. Lionbridge does not require
collateral or other security against trade receivable balances; however, it
maintains reserves for potential credit losses and such losses have been within
management's expectations.

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

   Financial instruments, including cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable, redeemable preferred stock and debt, are carried in the
consolidated financial statements at amounts that approximate fair values at
December 31, 2000 and 1999. Fair values are based on quoted market prices and
assumptions concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and
assumed discount rates, reflecting varying degrees of perceived risk.

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." SFAS
No. 133 was amended on July 7, 1999 by the issuance of SFAS No. 137,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of the
Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133--an amendment of FASB Statement No.
133." SFAS No. 137 defers the implementation of SFAS No. 133 by one year. SFAS
No. 133, as amended, is effective for fiscal quarters beginning after December
31, 2000 for Lionbridge, and the Company does not expect its adoption to have a
material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

   In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities--a
replacement of FASB Statement No. 125." SFAS No. 140 revises the standards for
accounting for securitizations and other transfers of financial assets and
collateral and requires certain disclosures, but it carries over most of SFAS
No. 125's provisions without reconsideration. SFAS No. 140 is effective for
transfers and servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities
occurring after March 31, 2001. SFAS No. 140 is effective for recognition and
reclassification of collateral and for disclosures relating to securitization
transactions and collateral for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2000.
Lionbridge does not expect the application of SFAS No. 140 to have a material
impact on its financial position or results of operations.

                                      F-16

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3. Property and Equipment:

   Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31:

                                 2000         1999
                             ------------  -----------

   Computer software and
    equipment..............  $ 10,761,000  $10,206,000
   Furniture and office
    equipment..............     2,980,000    2,501,000
   Leasehold improvements..     1,439,000      965,000
                             ------------  -----------
                               15,180,000   13,672,000
   Less: Accumulated
    depreciation and
    amortization...........   (10,248,000)  (7,284,000)
                             ------------  -----------
                             $  4,932,000  $ 6,388,000
                             ============  ===========

4. Mergers

 Harvard Translations, Inc.

   On May 18, 2000, Lionbridge acquired Harvard Translations, a company based
in Massachusetts, by means of a merger. Upon the effective date of the merger,
each outstanding share of Harvard Translations common stock was converted into
the right to receive 3.8864 shares of Lionbridge common stock. In addition,
long-term debt of Harvard Translations payable to its former sole stockholder
in the amount of $203,000 and all accrued interest thereon was paid in full by
issuance of 13,820 shares of Lionbridge common stock. As a result of the
merger, Lionbridge issued an aggregate of 285,865 shares of Lionbridge common
stock. Upon the completion of the acquisition, all outstanding options to
purchase common stock of Harvard Translations were assumed by Lionbridge and
converted into options to purchase common stock of Lionbridge under similar
terms. The transaction was accounted for using the pooling-of-interests method
of accounting, and the results of Harvard Translations have been included in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.

 INT'L.com, Inc.

   On May 22, 2000, Lionbridge acquired INT'L.com, a company based in
Massachusetts, by means of a merger. Upon the effective date of the merger, (i)
each outstanding share of INT'L.com Series A common stock, Series B common
stock, Series A preferred stock and Series B preferred stock was converted into
the right to receive 0.7567 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (ii) each
outstanding share of INT'L.com Series C preferred stock was converted into the
right to receive 5.4590 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (iii) each
outstanding share of INT'L.com Series D preferred stock was converted into the
right to receive 0.5472 shares of Lionbridge common stock, (iv) the $2,000,000
of INT'L.com convertible debt and all accrued interest thereon was paid in full
and cancelled in exchange for 109,158 shares of Lionbridge common stock, and
(v) the $5,000,000 of INT'L.com subordinated debt and all accrued interest
thereon was paid in full and cancelled in exchange for 258,360 shares of
Lionbridge common stock. As a result of the merger, Lionbridge issued an
aggregate of 8,302,960 shares of common stock. Upon the completion of the
acquisition, all outstanding options to purchase common stock of INT'L.com were
assumed by Lionbridge and converted into options to purchase common stock of
Lionbridge under similar terms. The transaction was accounted for using the
pooling-of-interests method of accounting, and the results of INT'L.com have
been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all
periods presented.

                                      F-17

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   Combined and separate results of Lionbridge, Harvard Translations and
INT'L.com for the periods preceding the mergers were as follows:

                                             Harvard
                              Lionbridge   Translations  INT'L.com      Combined
                             ------------  ------------ ------------  ------------

   Three months ended March
    31, 2000
    (unaudited)
     Revenue...............  $ 17,006,000   $1,366,000  $  9,824,000  $ 28,196,000
     Net loss..............  $ (3,269,000)  $   62,000  $ (2,769,000) $ (5,976,000)
   Year ended December 31,

     Revenue...............  $ 49,508,000   $4,354,000  $ 34,902,000  $ 88,764,000
     Net loss..............  $(17,586,000)  $ (113,000) $(15,508,000) $(33,207,000)
   Year ended December 31,

     Revenue...............  $ 38,412,000   $4,025,000  $ 17,317,000  $ 59,754,000
     Net income (loss).....  $ (4,262,000)  $  168,000  $ (1,135,000) $ (5,229,000)

5. Business Acquisitions:

 Localization Business of Stream

   On December 23, 1996, Lionbridge acquired the localization businesses of
Stream International Holdings, Inc. ("Stream") in Ireland, The Netherlands and
France. In accordance with the acquisition agreement, Lionbridge paid Stream
aggregate cash consideration of $11,300,000 in exchange for all of the
outstanding common stock of R.R. Donnelley Language Solutions International
B.V. and Stream International Language Solutions as well as the assumption of
tax liabilities of $100,000 incurred in connection with the transaction.
Goodwill of $9,224,000 was initially recognized in connection with this
acquisition.

   In 1997, Lionbridge submitted a claim to Stream for the reimbursement of a
portion of the purchase consideration under the indemnity terms of the December
23, 1996 agreement. This claim was ultimately resolved through a settlement
agreement with Stream, effective December 31, 1997. Under the terms of this
agreement, the purchase price for the European businesses was reduced by
$531,000. This amount was deducted from goodwill at December 31, 1997.

   During 2000, 1999 and 1998, acquired net operating loss carryforwards of
approximately $621,000, $1,540,000 and $1,291,000, respectively, were utilized
to offset taxable income in Ireland, France and The Netherlands. As the
deferred tax assets associated with these losses had been fully reserved at the
time of the Stream acquisition, the benefits were recorded as reductions to
goodwill of $143,000, $519,000, and $207,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

 Japanese Language Services, Inc.

   On February 27, 1998, Lionbridge entered into an agreement to acquire all of
the outstanding stock of Japanese Language Services, Inc. ("JLS"), a company
based in Massachusetts with additional operations in Japan, for total initial
consideration of $2,323,000 consisting of cash of $2,237,000 and 286,959 shares
of common stock valued at $86,000. The shares of common stock were redeemable,
at the option of the holder, at a price of $1.35 per share at any time from
July 2000 to September 2000, but were not redeemed. The carrying amount of the
redeemable common stock was increased to the redemption amount of $387,000 over
the 30-month period ending June 2000. The agreement also required certain
contingent stock issuances, limited to 24,268 shares of common stock, and cash
payments, limited to $625,000, dependent on future operating results of JLS
through December 31, 1999. This agreement was effective January 2, 1998, when
operating control of

                                      F-18

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

JLS was assumed by Lionbridge. The acquisition was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting, and the results of JLS have been included in
Lionbridge's financial statements as of the effective date. The purchase price,
including direct costs of the acquisition, was allocated based on the fair
values of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed as follows:

   Current assets................................................... $  935,000
   Property and equipment...........................................    247,000
   Current liabilities..............................................   (789,000)
   Goodwill.........................................................  1,999,000
                                                                     ----------
                                                                     $2,392,000
                                                                     ==========

   The initial calculation of goodwill did not include any anticipated
contingent consideration. Additional goodwill of $484,000 was subsequently
recorded through December 31, 1999 in connection with incremental payments and
stock issuances being made under the terms of the original agreement. Goodwill
was also increased by $60,000, $120,000 and $120,000 during each of the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, related to the accretion
to the redemption amount of the redeemable common stock.

 ILT Solutions Group

   On April 1, 1998, Lionbridge acquired certain assets and operations of the
ILT Solutions Group of Lucent Technologies, Inc. for cash of $1,000,000. The
acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. The
purchase price, including direct costs of the acquisition, was allocated to
current assets of $244,000, property and equipment of $299,000 and goodwill of
$470,000 based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The results of the
ILT Solutions Group are included in these financial statements from the date of
the acquisition. Pro forma statements of operations would not differ materially
from reported results.

 Sprache und Dokumentation GmbH

   On May 19, 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired
all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Sprache und Dokumentation
GmbH ("S&D"), a company based in Germany, for total consideration of $512,000,
consisting of cash of $200,000 and 72,575 shares of common stock valued at
$312,000. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting, and the results of S&D have been included in the accompanying
financial statements as of the date of acquisition. The purchase price,
including direct costs of the acquisition, was allocated based on the fair
values of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed as follows:

   Property and equipment............................................. $ 99,000
   Current liabilities................................................  (89,000)
   Goodwill...........................................................  589,000
                                                                       --------
                                                                       $599,000
                                                                       ========

 Direct Language Communications, Inc.

   On August 14, 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com,
acquired Direct Language Communications, Inc. ("DLC"), a company based in
California, for total consideration of approximately $3,173,000, consisting of
666,165 shares of common stock valued at $511,000, 867,047 shares of Series A
convertible preferred stock valued at $1,811,000 and 228,467 shares of Series B
redeemable convertible preferred stock valued at $850,000. All outstanding
options to purchase common stock of DLC were exchanged for options to purchase
common stock of INT'L.com under similar terms.

                                      F-19

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   In addition, warrants to purchase shares of DLC common stock were exchanged
for warrants to purchase 206,998 shares of Lionbridge's common stock under
similar terms. Warrants to purchase 10,170 shares of common stock were issued
with an exercise price of $4.92 per share. Additionally, warrants to purchase
196,828 shares of common stock were issued with an exercise price of $1.43 per
share. Both sets of warrants were exercised in full in a cashless exercise in
May 2000, resulting in the issuance of 178,095 shares of Lionbridge common
stock.

   The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting,
and the results of DLC have been included in the accompanying financial
statements as of the date of the acquisition. The initial purchase price,
including direct costs of the acquisition, was allocated based on the fair
value of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed as follows:

   Current assets................................................... $1,843,000
   Property and equipment...........................................    484,000
   Current liabilities..............................................   (691,000)
   Noncurrent liabilities...........................................   (149,000)
   Goodwill.........................................................  2,230,000
                                                                     ----------
                                                                     $3,717,000
                                                                     ==========

 VeriTest, Inc.

   On January 11, 1999, Lionbridge entered into an agreement to acquire all of
the stock of VeriTest, a company based in California, for total initial
consideration of $4,354,000, consisting of cash of $3,260,000, 66,668 shares of
common stock valued at $344,000, and notes payable for $750,000. The agreement
also required certain contingent cash payments, limited to $1,000,000,
dependent on future operating performance through December 31, 2000. The
acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting, and
results of VeriTest are included in the accompanying financial statements from
the date of acquisition. The purchase price, including direct costs of the
acquisition, was allocated based on the fair values of the acquired assets and
liabilities assumed as follows:

   Current assets................................................... $  522,000
   Property and equipment...........................................    175,000
   Current liabilities..............................................   (616,000)
   Acquired workforce...............................................    676,000
   Trade name.......................................................    505,000
   Goodwill.........................................................  3,157,000
                                                                     ----------
                                                                     $4,419,000
                                                                     ==========

   The initial calculation of goodwill did not include any contingent
consideration. Additional goodwill of $900,000 was subsequently recorded
through December 31, 2000 in connection with incremental payments being due
under the terms of the original agreement, with $400,000 paid in 2000 and
$500,000 paid in January 2001.

 International Language Engineering Corporation

   On April 9, 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, acquired
ILE, a company based in Colorado with additional operations in The Netherlands,
for total consideration of $9,237,000, consisting of 1,983,017 shares of common
stock valued at $3,407,000 and 936,991 shares of Series D redeemable preferred
stock valued at $5,830,000. In addition, long-term debt of ILE in the amount of
$3,250,000 was assumed. Upon

                                      F-20

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

the acquisition, all outstanding options to purchase common stock of ILE were
exchanged for options to purchase common stock of the Company under similar
terms. The transaction was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting, and the results of ILE have been included in the accompanying
financial statements as of the acquisition date. The purchase price, including
direct cost of the acquisition, was allocated based on the fair value of the
acquired assets and liabilities assumed as follows:

   Current assets.................................................. $ 3,020,000
   Property and equipment..........................................   1,922,000
   Current liabilities.............................................  (4,111,000)
   Installed customer base.........................................   1,800,000
   Acquired workforce..............................................   1,200,000
   Completed technology............................................     800,000
   Acquired in-process research and development....................     300,000
   Goodwill........................................................   7,892,000
                                                                    -----------
                                                                    $12,823,000
                                                                    ===========

   The value of acquired in-process research and development was recorded as an
operating expense as of the acquisition date.

 Motus!

   At December 31, 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, had a
32.8% equity investment in Motus!, a French-based provider of localization and
translation services. This investment was accounted for using the equity
method. On September 30, 1999, INT'L.com acquired the remaining equity interest
in Motus! For $124,000 in cash and 4,540 options to purchase common stock of
the Company valued at $20,000. The transaction was accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting, and the results of Motus! Have been included in
the accompanying financial statements as of the date of the acquisition. The
purchase price, including direct costs of the acquisition, was allocated based
on the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed as follows:

   Property, equipment and long-term receivables.....................  $ 15,000
   Current liabilities...............................................   (87,000)
   Goodwill..........................................................   217,000
                                                                       --------
                                                                       $145,000
                                                                       ========

 Language Services Operations of Nortel

   On January 17, 2000, Lionbridge acquired certain assets of the language
services operation of Nortel in Montreal and Ottawa, Canada; Beijing, China;
Sao Paulo, Brazil; Sunrise, Florida; and Bogota, Colombia for cash of
$2,476,000. In connection with the purchase, Nortel awarded a preferred vendor
designation to Lionbridge as part of a three-year services agreement, under
which Lionbridge will provide a full range of translation and localization
services for Nortel. The purchase agreement provides for certain contingent
payments to be made by Lionbridge, dependent on the level of revenues generated
under the services agreement over the three-year period. No such contingent
payments are due for the first year of the services agreement. The transaction
was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting, and results of the
operations acquired are included in the accompanying financial statements from
the date of the asset purchase.

                                      F-21

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

The purchase price was allocated based on the fair values of the acquired
assets and liabilities assumed as follows:

   Current assets................................................... $1,693,000
   Property and equipment...........................................    140,000
   Current liabilities..............................................    (57,000)
   Acquired workforce...............................................    377,000
   Goodwill.........................................................    323,000
                                                                     ----------
                                                                     $2,476,000
                                                                     ==========

   The initial calculation of goodwill did not include any contingent
consideration. Future payments, if any, under the contingent payment
arrangement will increase goodwill. Pro forma statements of operations for the
year ended December 31, 1999 would not differ materially form reported results.

 Pro Forma Disclosures (Unaudited)

   The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the
years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998 assume that the acquisitions of S&D,
DLC, VeriTest, ILE, and Motus! occurred as of January 1, 1998:

                                                         1999         1998
                                                      -----------  -----------

   Revenue..........................................  $93,010,000  $90,583,000
   Net loss.........................................  (35,961,000)  (8,581,000)
   Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable
    to common stockholders..........................        (3.32)       (2.50)

   For each period presented, the pro forma results include estimates of the
interest expense on debt used to finance the purchases and the depreciation and
amortization of intangible assets based on the purchase price allocations.
These pro forma amounts do not purport to be indicative of the results that
would have actually been obtained if the acquisitions had occurred on January
1, 1998 or that may be obtained in the future.

 Amortization of Goodwill

   The expense of amortizing goodwill related to all acquisitions was
$4,965,000, $4,957,000, and $2,445,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.
Additionally, amortization of $1,538,000, $1,156,000 and $0 was recorded in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, in connection with other intangible assets
acquired.

6. Debt:

   Debt consisted of the following at December 31:

                                                          2000        1999
                                                       ----------- -----------

   Lines of credit.................................... $10,273,000 $ 9,636,000
   Notes payable to stockholders......................   7,500,000   7,703,000
   Subordinated debt..................................   5,981,000   5,981,000
   Equipment financing facility.......................     848,000          --
   Convertible promissory notes to stockholders, net
    of discount.......................................          --   1,788,000
                                                       ----------- -----------
     Total debt.......................................  24,602,000  25,108,000
   Less current portion...............................  11,337,000   9,636,000
                                                       ----------- -----------
     Long-term debt, less current portion............. $13,265,000 $15,472,000
                                                       =========== ===========

                                      F-22

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Lines of Credit

   Under its September 26, 1997 line of credit agreement with a commercial
bank, as amended on October 20, 2000, Lionbridge is able to borrow up to
$8,000,000, based on the value of certain current assets worldwide. This
facility expires on January 20, 2001. The interest rate payable on any
outstanding borrowings is prime plus 1% per year (9.5%, 9.5%, and 8.8% at
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively). Borrowings outstanding under
the line of credit agreement are collateralized by certain assets of
Lionbridge. The amounts outstanding on the line of credit at December 31, 2000
and 1999 were $7,042,000 and $6,593,000, respectively. The agreement requires
Lionbridge to maintain certain financial ratios and restricts the payment of
dividends. As of December 31, 2000 and 1999, Lionbridge was in compliance with
the financial covenants as amended by the bank. In conjunction with the line of
credit, Lionbridge issued a warrant for the purchase of 83,334 shares of common
stock with an exercise price of $2.40 per share. The value ascribed to this
warrant was immaterial. This warrant was exercised in full in May 2000 in a
cashless exercise, resulting in the issuance of 64,286 shares of Lionbridge
common stock.

   On April 23, 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, entered
into a line of credit agreement with a commercial bank. The agreement was
subsequently amended on March 20, 2000, and expires on February 20, 2001. Under
the amended terms of the agreement, INT'L.com is able to borrow up to
$5,000,000, based on the value of certain current assets worldwide. The
interest rate payable on any outstanding borrowings is prime plus 2% per year
(10.5% at December 31, 2000 and 1999). Borrowings outstanding under the line of
credit agreement are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of
INT'L.com. The amounts outstanding on the line of credit at December 31, 2000
and 1999 were $3,231,000 and $2,993,000, respectively. During the term of the
agreement, INT'L.com must maintain certain financial ratios. As of December 31,
2000, INT'L.com was in compliance with the financial covenants as amended by
the bank. As of December 31, 1999, INT'L.com was either in compliance with the
covenants or was in receipt of a waiver from the bank with respect to any non-
compliance with the covenants.

   On December 4, 1997, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, Harvard
Translations, entered into a line of credit with a bank under which it could
borrow up to $350,000. The interest rate payable on any outstanding borrowings
was prime (8.5% at December 31, 1999). Borrowings outstanding under the line of
credit agreement were collateralized by substantially all assets of Harvard
Translations and were personally guaranteed by a former stockholder of Harvard
Translations. The amount outstanding on the line of credit at December 31, 1999
was $50,000. The line of credit and all accrued interest thereon was paid in
full in July 2000, and the line of credit arrangement was terminated.

 Notes Payable to Stockholders

   On August 13, 1998, as part of a cash and stock dividend to the INT'L.com
stockholders on record as of that date, promissory notes to stockholders in the
aggregate amount of $3,500,000 were issued (see Note 9). The notes bear
interest at 6% per year for the first year of the term of the notes, and the
interest rate increases by 1% for each successive year of the term of the
notes. One half of the interest accruing in each semi-annual period is payable
semi-annually on January 1 and June 30 during the term of the notes and the
remaining interest is payable upon the maturity of the notes. The principal
amount of the notes, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, is payable
in April 2005.

   On January 11, 1999, Lionbridge entered into two substantially identical
promissory note agreements with the former owners of VeriTest in connection
with the acquisition of this business (see Note 5). The notes are for an
aggregate amount of $750,000 and are payable in one installment on January 11,
2001. Interest on the notes is due annually at a rate of 8%.

                                      F-23

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   On April 9, 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, assumed
ILE's obligation under a promissory note to a former ILE stockholder in the
amount of $3,250,000 as part of the acquisition of ILE. The promissory note
accrues interest at 8.5% per year and matures June 27, 2002. The promissory
note is subordinate to all indebtedness owed by INT'L.com to any bank, pension
fund, insurance fund or other financial institutions.

   In 1997, Harvard Translations issued a note payable to a stockholder
representing unsecured cash advances from the stockholder. The principal
balance was due in July 2001. The note bore interest at 8.5% which was paid
monthly. The outstanding balance on May 18, 2000 of $203,000 and all accrued
interest thereon was paid in full upon the closing of the merger (see Note 4).

 Subordinated Debt

   Lionbridge has entered into two subordinated debt agreements pursuant to
which 12% senior subordinated notes were issued. The outstanding aggregate
principal amount of such notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, is required to repaid upon the earlier of August 25, 2001 or an
underwritten public offering by Lionbridge with aggregate proceeds of at least
$10,000,000. The notes are subject to certain covenant restrictions, including
maintenance of certain financial ratios, and are collateralized by certain
assets of Lionbridge. The terms of the subordinated debt agreements prohibit
Lionbridge from paying dividends to its stockholders. As of December 31, 2000
and 1999, $5,981,000 was outstanding under these subordinated notes. In
connection with the issuance of these notes, Lionbridge issued detachable
warrants to purchase 1,533,260 shares of common stock at a price of $0.015 per
share, valued at $5,967,000. These warrants were exercised in full in 1999. The
aggregate value of the warrants issued in connection with these financings was
recorded as a discount on subordinated notes payable and was amortized as
additional interest expense using the straight-line method over the period from
issuance until August 1999, based on the initially expected repayment of the
debt upon the initial public offering of securities by Lionbridge.

   In January, March and April 2000, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary,
INT'L.com, received $2,000,000, $1,000,000 and $2,000,000, respectively, from
the issuance of subordinated promissory notes to existing investors. The notes
accrued interest at 8.5% per annum and matured one year from the date of
issuance. The notes were subordinate to the INT'L.com line of credit described
above. The notes and all accrued interest thereon were paid in full upon
closing of the merger (see Note 4).

 Equipment Financing Facility

   On February 25, 2000, Lionbridge entered into a equipment financing
arrangement whereby it may borrow an aggregate of $1,350,000 to fund equipment
purchases. Advances under the arrangement are collateralized by certain fixed
assets and are payable in monthly installments with interest through September
2003. Borrowings under the notes totaled $848,000 at December 31, 2000 and bear
interest at rates ranging from 15.6% to 16.3%.

 Convertible Promissory Notes to Stockholders

   In August 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, received
$2,000,000 through the issuance of convertible promissory notes to existing
investors. The convertible notes accrued interest at 10% per year and were due
to mature in August 2001. The convertible promissory notes were subordinate to
the INT'L.com line of credit described above. The outstanding principal and
accrued interest were convertible at the option of the lenders into shares of
INT'L.com equity securities. The notes and all accrued interest thereon were
paid in full upon the closing of the merger (see Note 4). As additional
consideration to the investors, INT'L.com issued warrants to purchase 56,753
shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $1.45 per

                                      F-24

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

share. The warrants were exercised in full in May 2000 by means of a cashless
exercise, resulting in the issuance of 49,547 shares of Lionbridge common
stock. Due to the issuance of these warrants, the convertible promissory notes
were presented on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 1999 at a
discount, which was amortized over the term of the notes as additional interest
expense.

7. Commitments:

 Lease Commitments

   The Company leases certain equipment and office space under noncancelable
agreements and leases which expire at various dates through 2026. Future
minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases at December 31,
2000 were as follows:

   Year ending December 31,
   ------------------------

     2001..........................................................  $ 3,801,000
     2002..........................................................    1,806,000
     2003..........................................................      556,000
     2004..........................................................      397,000
     2005..........................................................      363,000
     Thereafter....................................................    3,666,000
                                                                     -----------
                                                                     $10,589,000
                                                                     ===========

   Total rental expense charged to operations was $4,729,000, $3,115,000 and
$2,073,000 in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

8. Preferred Stock:

   Redeemable preferred stock consisted of the following at December 31:

                                                               2000    1999
                                                               ---- -----------

INT'L.com Series A convertible preferred stock, 0 and 867,047
 shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31,
 2000 and 1999, respectively.................................  $--  $ 1,811,000
INT'L.com Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, 0
 and 3,500,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2000 and
 1999, respectively; 0 and 2,621,477 shares issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.....   --   10,586,000
INT'L.com Series C redeemable preferred stock, 0 and 5,000
 shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31,
 2000 and 1999, respectively.................................   --      537,000
INT'L.com Series D redeemable preferred stock, 0 and
 1,100,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
 respectively; 0 and 936,991 shares issued and outstanding at
 December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively....................   --    6,853,000
                                                               ---  -----------
                                                               $--  $19,787,000
                                                               ===  ===========

   In connection with May 2000 merger with INT'L.com described in Note 4, all
shares of INT'L.com preferred stock then outstanding were converted into shares
of Lionbridge common stock.

   Lionbridge is authorized to issue 5,000,000 share of preferred stock in one
or more series, each with such terms and rights as adopted by Lionbridge in
creating such series. No such preferred stock issued or outstanding as of
December 31, 2000 and 1999.

                                      F-25

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   Upon the closing of the Company's initial public offering of common stock on
August 25, 1999, all 13,271,314 shares and 140 shares of its Series A
convertible preferred stock and Series D nonvoting convertible preferred stock,
respectively, were converted into 132.7145 shares of Series B redeemable
preferred stock and 8,847,649 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock.
The Series B redeemable preferred stock was redeemed for $100,000 per share
plus an 8% annual premium for a total payment of approximately $16,105,000. At
the same time, the Series C convertible preferred stock was converted into
8,847,649 shares of common stock.

9. Stockholders' Equity (Deficit):

 Private Placement of Common Stock

   In June 2000, Lionbridge issued 1,500,000 shares of its common stock at
$8.50 per share in a private placement for total consideration received of
approximately $12.8 million before expenses. These shares were subsequently
registered in a Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission in September 2000.

 Deferred Compensation

   During the year ended December 31, 1999, Lionbridge recorded deferred
compensation in connection with options granted at exercise prices below the
then fair market value of Lionbridge's common stock totaling $3,803,000,
representing the aggregate difference between the estimated fair market value
of Lionbridge's common stock on the date of grant and the exercise price of
each option. This deferred compensation is being amortized over the four-year
vesting period of the related options, resulting in amortization of $799,000
and $730,000 in the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Additionally, $348,000 and $236,000 of deferred compensation has been reversed
due to cancellation of the underlying options in the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively.

 Restricted Stock Sale

   In May 1998, Lionbridge's wholly owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, issued a total
of 68,306 shares of its restricted common stock and 47,293 shares of its
unrestricted common stock to two employees for $4.29 per share. The aggregate
purchase price of approximately $496,000 was evidenced by full recourse notes
payable to the Company which are classified as subscriptions receivable in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The notes bear interest at 6% per
annum and are payable in four annual installments commencing September 30,
1998. The restricted common stock vested over a period of 27 months.

   In April 1999, the holder of the 68,306 shares of restricted common stock
terminated his employment. At that date, 34,156 shares of restricted common
stock were vested and retained by the employee. The remaining 34,150 shares
were repurchased by INT'L.com for $4.29 per share. The related notes were paid
in full.

 Reverse Stock Split

   Effective August 13, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors declared a 2-
for-3 reverse common stock split. All references in these consolidated
financial statements to shares of common stock have been retroactively adjusted
to reflect this reverse stock split.

 Dividend

   On August 13, 1998, prior to the acquisition of DLC, Lionbridge's wholly
owned subsidiary, INT'L.com, declared a dividend to all of its Series A common
stockholders of record as of that date in the form of cash,

                                      F-26

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

promissory notes and Series C preferred stock. The dividend totaled $6,000,000
and consisted of (i) $2,000,000 in cash, of which $1,600,000 was paid in 1998
and $400,000 was paid in 1999, (ii) promissory notes in the amount of
$3,500,000 (see Note 6) and (iii) 5,000 shares of Series C preferred stock
valued at $100.00 per share.

 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   On June 15, 1999, the Board of Directors adopted the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan (the "Purchase Plan"), effective upon the consummation of the
Company's initial public offering. The Purchase Plan is a qualified employee
stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. The Purchase Plan allows for the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of
Lionbridge's common stock to eligible employees. Under the Purchase Plan,
Lionbridge is authorized to make a series of offerings during which employees
may purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions made over the
term of the offering. The per-share purchase price at the end of each offering
is equal to 85% of the fair market value of the common stock at the beginning
or end of the offering period (as defined by the Purchase Plan), whichever is
lower. The Company issued 31,228 and 0 shares of common stock during 2000 and
1999, respectively, pursuant to the Purchase Plan at a weighted-average price
per share of $9.08.

 Stock Option Plans

   Lionbridge maintains a stock option plan (the "Plan") for the issuance of
incentive and nonqualified stock options. As amended through October 2000, the
maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Plan
is 8,522,032 shares. Options to purchase common stock are granted at the
discretion of the Board of Directors. Generally, stock options vest over a
four-year period as follows: 25% on the first anniversary of the date of grant
and semi-annually thereafter in equal installments over the remaining three-
year period. Stock options generally expire ten years (five years in certain
cases) from the date of grant.

   Under the terms of the Plan, the exercise price of incentive stock options
granted must not be less than 100% (110% in certain cases) of the fair market
value of the common stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board of
Directors. The exercise price of nonqualified stock options may be less than
the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant, as determined
by the Board of Directors, but in no case may the exercise price be less than
the statutory minimum. Prior to the Company's initial public offering of
securities, the Board of Directors, in assessing the fair market value of
Lionbridge's common stock, considered factors relevant at the time, including
recent third-party transactions, significant new customers, composition of the
management team, recent hiring results, Lionbridge's financial condition and
operating results and the lack of a public market for Lionbridge's common
stock.

   Harvard Translations and INT'L.com also maintained stock option plans which
were assumed by Lionbridge and provide for grants of options to officers,
consultants and employees that expire ten years (five years in certain cases)
from date of grant. The stock option grants generally vest over four to five
years except for certain options that have acceleration clauses effective upon
certain circumstances including a change of ownership or control. Upon the
mergers of Harvard Translations and INT'L.com, Lionbridge assumed options for
the purchase of 742,584 shares of common stock. No further options will be
granted under these plans.

                                      F-27

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   Transactions involving all plans for the period from January 1, 1998 to
December 31, 2000 are summarized as follows:

                                                                        Weighted
                                                                        Average
                                                             Number of  Exercise
                                                              Shares     Price
                                                             ---------  --------

   Outstanding at January 1, 1998........................... 2,222,166   $0.175
   Granted..................................................   865,087    1.684
   Exercised................................................  (316,662)   0.135
   Canceled.................................................  (119,288)   0.249
                                                             ---------
   Outstanding at December 31, 1998......................... 2,651,303    0.668
   Granted.................................................. 1,614,542    5.855
   Exercised................................................  (758,693)   1.100
   Canceled.................................................  (255,783)   3.806
                                                             ---------
   Outstanding at December 31, 1999......................... 3,251,369    2.896
   Granted.................................................. 2,056,400   10.271
   Exercised................................................  (952,059)   1.239
   Canceled.................................................  (519,655)   8.973
                                                             ---------
   Outstanding at December 31, 2000......................... 3,836,055    6.440
                                                             =========

   During the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company issued 68,022 shares of
Lionbridge common stock in connection with a net settlement exercise of stock
options for the purchase of 166,473 shares of common stock.

   Options for 1,129,057, 852,350 and 552,592 shares were exercisable at
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. There were 3,204,738, 1,872,274
and 636,843 shares available for future grant under the Plan at December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

   The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2000:

                             Options Outstanding                  Options Exercisable
                --------------------------------------------- ----------------------------
    Range of                Weighted-Average
    Exercise      Number       Remaining     Weighted-Average   Number    Weighted-Average
     Prices     Outstanding Contractual Life  Exercise Price  Exercisable  Exercise Price
    --------    ----------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------- ----------------

   $0.15-$0.17     676,658     6.1 years          $0.15          552,283       $0.16
          0.30     137,835     7.1 years           0.30           64,042        0.30
          0.45       4,102     7.3 years           0.45            1,290        0.45
     0.90-1.31      71,641     7.1 years           1.03           43,175        1.05
     1.50-1.80     620,822     7.8 years           1.58          182,381        1.64
     4.92-7.25     314,395     9.1 years           6.20          113,789        4.93
     7.50-9.75   1,452,502     9.2 years           8.22          156,847        8.75
         11.38      88,850     9.3 years          11.38               --          --
   17.94-19.73     469,250     9.1 years          18.33           15,250       18.00
                 ---------                                     ---------
                 3,836,055                                     1,129,057
                 =========                                     =========

   Had compensation cost for stock options granted to employees been determined
based on the fair value at the date of grant consistent with the provisions of
SFAS No. 123, Lionbridge's net loss for 2000, 1999 and 1998 would have been
increased to $23,179,000, $33,955,000 and $5,476,000, respectively, and the net
loss per

                                      F-28

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

common share attributable to common stockholders for 2000, 1999 and 1998 would
have been increased to $1.08, $3.14 and $1.71, respectively. The weighted-
average fair value of options granted during 2000 was $6.64 per share. The
estimated weighted-average fair value of Lionbridge, Harvard Translations and
INT'L.com options granted during 1999 was $3.04, $3.55 and $0.83, respectively.
The estimated weighted-average fair value of Lionbridge, Harvard Translations,
and INT'L.com options granted during 1998 was $0.06, $2.98 and $0.54,
respectively. Stock options granted with an exercise price in the range from
$1.50 through $9.75 per share have an exercise price which exceeded the fair
value of the underlying common stock on the date of the grant. The weighted
average fair value of these options, which were all granted in 1999, was $2.18
per share.

   The fair value of each option was estimated on the date of the grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following assumptions were used for
options granted: (i) weighted-average risk free interest rates of 6.4%, 5.3% to
6.0%, and 5.1% to 6.0% for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, (ii) weighted-
average expected option lives of 4.0 years for 2000 and 4.0 to 10.0 years for
1999 and 1998, (iii) no expected dividend yield, and (iv) an additional
expected volatility factor of 85.0% since Lionbridge's initial public offering
of securities in August 1999.

10. Income Taxes:

   The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows for the
years ended December 31:

                                                     2000     1999     1998
                                                   -------- -------- ---------

   Current:
     State........................................ $     -- $ 20,000 $      --
     Federal......................................       --       --   (70,000)
     Foreign......................................  473,000  160,000    52,000
                                                   -------- -------- ---------
     Total current provision...................... $473,000 $180,000 $ (18,000)
                                                   ======== ======== =========
   Deferred:
     State........................................ $     -- $     -- $(123,000)
     Federal......................................       --       --  (372,000)
     Foreign......................................  143,000  519,000   207,000
                                                   -------- -------- ---------
     Total deferred provision..................... $143,000 $519,000 $(288,000)
                                                   ======== ======== =========

   The benefit from the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards in
Europe during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was recorded as
a reduction of goodwill of $143,000, $519,000 and $207,000, respectively,
rather than a tax provision benefit, since the deferred tax assets associated
with these carryforwards had been fully reserved at the time of the acquisition
of the businesses from Stream.

   The components of the loss before income taxes were as follows for the years
ended December 31:

                                           2000          1999         1998
                                       ------------  ------------  -----------

   United States...................... $(20,242,000) $(28,337,000) $(6,124,000)
   Foreign............................      583,000    (4,171,000)     589,000
                                       ------------  ------------  -----------
   Loss before income taxes........... $(19,659,000) $(32,508,000) $(5,535,000)
                                       ============  ============  ===========

                                      F-29

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   The consolidated deferred tax assets (liabilities) of the Company were as
follows at December 31:

                                                       2000          1999
                                                   ------------  ------------

   U.S. net operating loss carryforwards.......... $ 12,412,000  $  9,373,000
   Foreign net operating loss carryforwards.......    5,427,000     3,745,000
   Difference in accounting for amortization and
    depreciation..................................    1,128,000       523,000
   Nondeductible reserves and accruals............    1,350,000       453,000
   Research and development tax credits...........      203,000        50,000
   Other..........................................      215,000       176,000
   Valuation allowance............................  (20,959,000)  (14,544,000)
                                                   ------------  ------------
   Net deferred tax liabilities................... $   (224,000) $   (224,000)
                                                   ============  ============

   Management of Lionbridge has evaluated the positive and negative evidence
bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Under the applicable
accounting standards, management has considered Lionbridge's history of losses
and concluded that it is not certain that Lionbridge will generate future
taxable income prior to the expiration of these net operating losses.
Accordingly, the deferred tax assets have been fully reserved. Management
reevaluates the positive and negative evidence periodically.

   At December 31, 2000, Lionbridge had net operating loss carryforwards for
U.S. federal and state income tax purposes of approximately $32,352,000 that
may be used to offset future taxable income, which begin to expire in 2012. The
Company has federal research and development tax credits which may be used to
offset future income tax of approximately $153,000, which expire in 2019.
Additionally, Lionbridge has net operating loss carryforwards in France of
approximately $1,726,000, which begin to expire in 2002; net operating loss
carryforwards in Japan of approximately $1,928,000, which begin to expire in
2003; net operating loss carryforwards in Canada of approximately $1,176,000,
which begin to expire in 2007; net operating loss carryforwards in Germany of
approximately $561,000, which may be carried forward indefinitely; and net
operating loss carryforwards in The Netherlands of approximately $10,210,000,
which may be carried forward indefinitely.

   Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, certain substantial
changes in Lionbridge's ownership may limit in the future the amount of net
operating loss carryforwards which could be used annually to offset future
taxable income and income tax liability.

11. Merger, Restructuring and Other Charges:

   The following table summarizes activity with respect to merger,
restructuring and other charges for the years ended December 31:

                                                    2000       1999      1998
                                                 ---------- ---------- --------

   Merger costs................................. $2,465,000 $       -- $     --
   Restructuring charges, net...................    915,000  1,197,000  501,000
   Impairment of long-lived assets..............    886,000         --       --
                                                 ---------- ---------- --------
                                                 $4,266,000 $1,197,000 $501,000
                                                 ========== ========== ========

   During the second and third quarters of 2000, Lionbridge recorded merger
costs of $2,323,000 and $142,000, respectively, in operating expenses. These
charges consist of fees for investment banking, legal and accounting services
and other direct costs incurred in connection with Lionbridge's mergers with
Harvard Translations and INT'L.com.

                                      F-30

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   Restructuring charges of $387,000 and $528,000 were recorded in the second
and third quarters of 2000, respectively. These charges relate to: (i) the
costs of closing facilities in the United States, France, and The Netherlands
as a result of the merger with INT'L.com consisting primarily of accruals for
lease payments on vacant office space, and (ii) costs associated with workforce
reductions in Canada, the United States and France, consisting of six technical
staff and three administrative staff. All employees had been informed of their
termination and related benefits in the period that the charge was recorded.
The restructuring charges for the third quarter of 2000 are presented net of a
$162,000 reversal of a charge recorded in the second quarter of 2000, due to
subsequent events which have reduced the potential loss on vacant office space.

   Impairment charges for long-lived assets of $831,000 and $55,000 were
recorded in the second and third quarters of 2000, respectively. These noncash
charges consist primarily of the write-off of previously capitalized licenses
for software that was abandoned as a result of Lionbridge's merger with
INT'L.com.

   At December 31, 2000, accruals totaling $394,000 related to restructuring
charges remained on the consolidated balance sheet in other accrued expenses;
no accruals remained for merger costs.

   During the second and fourth quarters of 1999, Lionbridge's wholly owned
subsidiary, INT'L.com, recorded restructuring charges of $747,000 and $450,000,
respectively, in operating expenses. These charges relate to workforce
reductions in the United States operating sites, consisting of 36 technical
staff, 14 administrative staff and four sales staff. All employees had been
informed of their termination and related benefits in the period that the
corresponding charge was recorded. At December 31, 2000 and 1999, $0 and
$357,000, respectively, remained in other accrued expenses relating to these
charges. Management does not anticipate any future expenditures related to
these actions.

   During the first and fourth quarters of 1998, Lionbridge recorded
restructuring charges of $451,000 and $50,000, respectively, in operating
expenses. These charges related to workforce reductions in France, consisting
of five technical and administrative staff. All employees had been informed of
their termination and related benefits in the period that the corresponding
charge was recorded. All amounts were paid in 1998 in connection with these
charges.

12. Employee Benefit Plans:

   Lionbridge maintains an employee benefit plan qualified under Section 401(k)
of the Internal Revenue Code. All U.S. employees may participate in the 401(k)
plan subject to certain eligibility requirements. Under the 401(k) plan, a
participant may contribute a maximum of 15% of his or her pre-tax salary,
commissions and bonuses through payroll deductions (up to the statutorily
prescribed annual limit--$10,500 in 2000) to the 401(k) plan. The percentage
elected by more highly compensated participants may be required to be lower. In
addition, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, Lionbridge may make
discretionary profit-sharing contributions into the 401(k) plan for all
eligible employees. To date, Lionbridge has made no profit-sharing
contributions to the 401(k) plan. In addition, as of December 31, 2000, the
Company maintained defined benefit pension plans for employees in The
Netherlands and France, and a defined contribution scheme for employees in
Ireland. Total pension contributions charged to operations were $216,000,
$294,000 and $350,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

   Harvard Translations and INT'L.com maintained 401(k) retirement plans for
employees meeting certain age and service requirements. The plans provided for
voluntary employee contributions from their annual compensation as well as
matching contributions by Harvard Translations or INT'L.com. For the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, matching contributions totaled
approximately $51,000, $87,000 and $78,000, respectively. These plans were
terminated upon the completion of the mergers, and the plan assets transferred
to the Lionbridge 401(k) plan.

                                      F-31

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

13. Operating Segment and Geographical Information:

   Lionbridge has determined that its operating segments are those that are
based on its method of internal reporting, which separately presents its
business by the geographic site in which services are performed. Lionbridge has
combined those segments which meet the aggregation criteria of SFAS No. 131 in
determining its reportable segments.

   The Company's reportable segments are Localization and Testing. The
Localization segment provides globalization services, including translation,
software localization, internationalization engineering and multilingual
technical publishing, that enable simultaneous worldwide release and ongoing
maintenance of products and related technical support, training materials, and
sales and marketing information in multiple languages. The Testing segment
provides localization and internationalization testing of software, hardware
and telecommunications equipment, as well as logo certification programs. All
other unallocated enterprise costs are reflected in the "Corporate and Other"
category.

   The table below presents information about the reported net loss of the
Company for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998. Asset information
by reportable segment is not reported, since the Company does not produce such
information internally.

                                                     Corporate
                         Localization    Testing     and Other    Eliminations    Total
                         ------------  -----------  ------------  ------------ ------------

  External revenue...... $103,532,000  $11,617,000  $         --               $115,149,000
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============
  Inter-segment
   revenue.............. $         --  $    27,000  $         --   $ (27,000)  $         --
                         ============  ===========  ============   =========   ============
  Depreciation and
   amortization          $  2,898,000  $   464,000  $  6,866,000               $ 10,228,000
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============
  Segment contribution.. $ 20,192,000  $ 1,607,000  $         --               $ 21,799,000
  Interest income
   (expense), income tax
   expense and other
   items of income
   (expense)............  (10,235,000)  (1,596,000)  (30,243,000)               (42,074,000)
                         ------------  -----------  ------------               ------------
  Net income (loss)..... $  9,957,000  $    11,000  $(30,243,000)              $(20,275,000)
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============

  External revenue...... $ 81,582,000  $ 7,182,000  $         --               $ 88,764,000
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============
  Inter-segment
   revenue.............. $         --  $   315,000  $         --   $(315,000)  $         --
                         ============  ===========  ============   =========   ============
  Depreciation and
   amortization......... $  2,678,000  $   402,000  $  6,310,000               $  9,390,000
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============
  Segment contribution.. $  3,378,000  $ 1,384,000  $         --               $  4,762,000
  Interest income
   (expense), income tax
   expense and other
   items of income
   (expense)............  (10,018,000)  (1,120,000)  (26,831,000)               (37,969,000)
                         ------------  -----------  ------------               ------------
  Net income (loss)..... $ (6,640,000) $   264,000  $(26,831,000)              $(33,207,000)
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============

  External revenue...... $ 57,568,000  $ 2,186,000  $         --               $ 59,754,000
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============
  Inter-segment
   revenue.............. $         --  $   144,000  $         --   $(144,000)  $         --
                         ============  ===========  ============   =========   ============
  Depreciation and
   amortization......... $  1,605,000  $    90,000  $  2,504,000               $  4,199,000
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============
  Segment contribution.. $  7,934,000  $   675,000  $         --               $  8,609,000
  Interest income
   (expense), income tax
   expense and other
   items of income
   (expense)............   (8,763,000)    (346,000)   (4,729,000)               (13,838,000)
                         ------------  -----------  ------------               ------------
  Net income (loss)..... $   (829,000) $   329,000  $ (4,729,000)              $ (5,229,000)
                         ============  ===========  ============               ============

                                      F-32

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   A summary of Lionbridge's operations and other financial information by
geographical region follows:

                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                         --------------------------------------
                                             2000         1999         1998
                                         ------------  -----------  -----------

   Revenues:
     United States.....................  $ 63,267,000  $47,981,000  $23,865,000
     Asia..............................    12,314,000    8,075,000    4,801,000
     France............................    14,442,000   11,725,000    9,094,000
     Ireland...........................    14,390,000   14,398,000   14,296,000
     The Netherlands...................     8,341,000    7,618,000    6,799,000
     Germany...........................     3,674,000    2,947,000    2,520,000
     Canada............................     5,428,000           --           --
     Eliminations......................    (6,707,000)  (3,980,000)  (1,621,000)
                                         ------------  -----------  -----------
                                         $115,149,000  $88,764,000  $59,754,000
                                         ============  ===========  ===========

                                                     December 31,
                                         --------------------------------------
                                             2000         1999         1998
                                         ------------  -----------  -----------

   Long-lived assets:
     United States.....................  $  1,835,000  $ 4,052,000  $ 1,706,000
     Asia..............................       665,000      455,000      320,000
     France............................     1,210,000      847,000      207,000
     Ireland...........................       434,000      552,000      989,000
     The Netherlands...................       171,000      298,000      109,000
     Germany...........................       394,000      601,000      747,000
     Canada............................       871,000           --           --
                                         ------------  -----------  -----------
                                         $  5,580,000  $ 6,805,000  $ 4,078,000
                                         ============  ===========  ===========

   Foreign revenue is presented based on the country in which projects are
managed.

   Lionbridge has an agreement with the Irish Industrial Development Agency
regarding financial grants to its Irish subsidiary from this agency. Under the
agreement, the Irish subsidiary may not pay dividends or otherwise distribute
its cash, including any distributions to Lionbridge.

                                     F-33

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

14. Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:

                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                         -------------------------------------
                                            2000         1999         1998
                                         -----------  -----------  -----------

Interest paid........................... $ 2,291,000  $ 2,083,000  $   824,000
                                         ===========  ===========  ===========
Income taxes paid....................... $   124,000
                                         ===========
Noncash investing and financing
 activities:
 Issuance of warrants for common stock
  in connection with debt (Note 6)......              $ 5,967,000  $   254,000
                                                      ===========  ===========
 Noncash dividends paid (Note 9)........                           $ 4,000,000
                                                                   ===========
 Lionbridge, or a wholly owned
  subsidiary of Lionbridge, purchased
  all of the outstanding capital stock
  of JLS, S&D, DLC in 1998 for
  $6,008,000. In conjunction with these
  acquisitions, liabilities were assumed
  as follows:
   Fair value of assets acquired and
    goodwill............................                           $ 8,426,000
   Cash paid for capital stock..........                            (2,437,000)
   Common stock issued..................                              (909,000)
   Series A convertible preferred stock
    issued..............................                            (1,812,000)
   Series B redeemable convertible
    preferred stock issued..............                              (850,000)
                                                                   -----------
   Liabilities assumed..................                           $ 2,418,000
                                                                   ===========
 Lionbridge, or a wholly owned
  subsidiary of Lionbridge, purchased
  all of the outstanding capital stock
  of VeriTest, ILE and Motus! in 1999
  for $13,715,000. In conjunction with
  these acquisitions, liabilities were
  assumed as follows:
   Fair value of assets acquired and
    goodwill............................              $22,201,000
   Cash paid for capital stock..........               (3,384,000)
   Common stock issued..................               (3,751,000)
   Common stock issued..................               (5,830,000)
   Notes issued.........................                 (750,000)
                                                      -----------
   Liabilities assumed..................              $ 8,486,000
                                                      ===========
 Lionbridge acquired certain assets of
  the language services operation of
  Nortel for $2,476,000 in 2000. In
  conjunction with the purchase,
  liabilities were assumed as follows:
   Fair value of assets acquired and
    goodwill............................ $ 2,533,000
   Cash paid for assets acquired........  (2,476,000)
                                         -----------
   Liabilities assumed.................. $    57,000
                                         ===========

15. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts:

   The following table sets forth activity in Lionbridge's accounts receivable
reserve:

                                        Balance
                                          at                            Balance
                                       Beginning Charges to            at End of
   Year ended:                          of Year  Operations Deductions   Year
   -----------                         --------- ---------- ---------- ---------

   December 31, 1998.................. $ 406,000  $366,000   $(50,000) $ 722,000
   December 31, 1999..................   722,000   614,000   (214,000) 1,122,000
   December 31, 2000.................. 1,122,000   498,000   (921,000)   699,000

                                      F-34

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

16. Net Loss per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders:

   Diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders does not
differ from basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders since
potential common shares from the conversion of preferred stock and the exercise
of stock options and warrants are anti-dilutive for all years presented and are
therefore excluded from the calculation. Preferred stock convertible into 0,
2,639,766 and 10,693,824 shares of common stock, options to purchase 3,836,055,
3,251,369 and 2,651,303 shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase 0,
347,084 and 290,332 shares of common stock were outstanding as of December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, but were not included in the calculation of
diluted net loss per share attributable to common shareholders because the
effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.

17. Subsequent Events:

   In January 2001, Lionbridge's two line of credit arrangements with a
commercial bank were amended to extend the maturity date of the lines to April
20, 2001. In March 2001, the bank indicated in a letter to Lionbridge its
intention to renew the credit facilities through April 2002.

   In January 2001, Lionbridge acquired Quality Group Labs, Inc., a company
based in Massachusetts, for total initial consideration of approximately
$762,000, comprised of $250,000 of cash and 163,874 shares of Lionbridge common
stock valued at $512,000. The transaction will be accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting. Lionbridge has the right to repurchase up to
89,386 shares of the common stock issued as part of the acquisition at a price
of $0.01 per share, dependent on future operating performance of the former
Quality Group Labs, Inc. through December 31, 2001.

   In March 2001, Lionbridge entered into an agreement to acquire Data
Dimensions, Inc., a company based in Bellevue, Washington, with operations in
the United States, Ireland and Great Britain. The transaction is intended to be
a tax-free, stock-for-stock transaction, accounted for using the purchase
method of accounting. The Company will issue approximately 2,600,000 shares of
its common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of common stock
of Data Dimensions, Inc. and up to approximately 450,000 additional shares of
its common stock upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants of Data
Dimensions, Inc. being assumed by Lionbridge. The acquisition is expected to be
consummated in the second quarter of 2001.

   In March 2001, the Company's subordinated debt agreements were amended to
extend the maturity dates of the notes to the earlier of January 31, 2002 or an
underwritten public offering by Lionbridge with aggregate proceeds of at least
$10,000,000. In the event of a qualifying underwritten public offering, 50% of
the then outstanding notes and accrued interest are payable, with the remaining
amount maturing on January 31, 2002. As a result, the amount outstanding under
these subordinated notes of $5,981,000 has been classified as a long-term
liability on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2000.

                                      F-35

                       Report of Independent Accountants

To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Data Dimensions, Inc.

   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 14(a)(1)
and 14(a)(2) and on page F-1 present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Data Dimensions, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December
31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based
on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

   As more fully described in Note 14, on March 8, 2001, the Company entered
into an agreement to be acquired, subject to approval by the Company's
stockholders.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Seattle, Washington
February 2, 2001, except for paragraph two
of Note 14, as to which the date is March 8, 2001

                                      F-36

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                          Consolidated Balance Sheets

                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                               December 31,
                                                              ----------------
                                                               2000     1999
                                                              -------  -------

                           ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................. $ 2,110  $10,390
  Accounts receivable, net...................................  11,523   16,278
  Income taxes receivable....................................   4,500    2,551
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets..................     973    2,393
  Deferred income taxes......................................     130      102
                                                              -------  -------
    Total current assets.....................................  19,236   31,714
  Equipment and furniture, net...............................   2,952    7,039
  Deferred income taxes......................................     280      250
  Other assets...............................................     667      635
                                                              -------  -------
    Total assets............................................. $23,135  $39,638
                                                              =======  =======
            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities
  Accounts payable........................................... $ 1,057  $ 1,433
  Accrued compensation and commissions.......................   1,638    3,938
  Other accrued liabilities..................................   1,393    1,774
  Current portion of capital lease obligations...............      --    1,965
                                                              -------  -------
    Total current liabilities................................   4,088    9,110
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion............      --    1,941
Other long term liabilities..................................     192      181
                                                              -------  -------
    Total liabilities........................................   4,280   11,232
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity
  Common stock, $.001 par value; 20,000 shares authorized;
   13,673 and 13,665 shares issued and outstanding...........      14       14
  Additional paid in capital.................................  24,775   24,679
  Treasury stock, at cost (112 shares).......................  (3,034)  (3,034)
  Cumulative comprehensive loss..............................    (371)    (200)
  Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)....................  (2,529)   6,947
                                                              -------  -------
    Total stockholders' equity...............................  18,855   28,406
                                                              -------  -------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity............... $23,135  $39,638
                                                              =======  =======

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                      F-37

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                     Consolidated Statements of Operations

                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                   ---------------------------
                                                     2000     1999      1998
                                                   --------  -------  --------

Revenue..........................................  $ 32,408  $90,404  $101,733
Direct costs.....................................    22,448   50,174    49,177
                                                   --------  -------  --------
Gross margin.....................................     9,960   40,230    52,556
General, administrative and selling expenses.....    25,748   37,735    38,794
Non-recurring charges............................      (136)   1,171       757
                                                   --------  -------  --------
Income (loss) from operations....................   (15,652)   1,324    13,005
                                                   --------  -------  --------
Other expense (income)
  Interest expense...............................        22       99       318
  Other income, net..............................      (211)    (156)     (193)
  Income from litigation settlement..............        --   (1,885)       --
                                                   --------  -------  --------
    Total other expense (income).................      (189)  (1,942)      125
                                                   --------  -------  --------
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
 income tax......................................   (15,463)   3,266    12,880
Income tax provision (benefit) from continuing
 operations......................................    (4,361)   1,274     5,046
                                                   --------  -------  --------
Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of
 tax.............................................   (11,102)   1,992     7,834
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net
 of tax..........................................    (1,476)  (1,149)    1,368
Gain from sale of discontinued operations, net of
 tax.............................................     3,102       --        --
                                                   --------  -------  --------
Net income (loss)................................  $ (9,476) $   843  $  9,202
                                                   ========  =======  ========
Earnings (loss) per share--basic
  From continuing operations.....................  $  (0.82) $  0.14  $   0.59
  From discontinued operations...................      0.12    (0.08)     0.10
                                                   --------  -------  --------
  Net income (loss)..............................  $  (0.70) $  0.06  $   0.69
                                                   ========  =======  ========
Earnings (loss) per share--diluted
  From continuing operations.....................  $  (0.82) $  0.14  $   0.59
  From discontinued operations...................      0.12    (0.08)     0.10
                                                   --------  -------  --------
  Net income (loss)..............................  $  (0.70) $  0.06  $   0.69
                                                   ========  =======  ========
Weighted average shares outstanding--basic.......    13,560   13,537    13,347
Weighted average shares outstanding--diluted.....    13,560   13,555    13,412

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

                                 (in thousands)

                                                            Years Ended
                                                           December 31,
                                                        ---------------------
                                                         2000    1999   1998
                                                        -------  ----  ------

Net income (loss)...................................... $(9,476) $843  $9,202
Other comprehensive loss--foreign currency translation
 adjustments...........................................    (171)  (80)   (210)
                                                        -------  ----  ------
Comprehensive income (loss)............................ $(9,647) $763  $8,992
                                                        =======  ====  ======

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                      F-38

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

                                 (in thousands)

                           Common                                        Retained
                           Stock    Additional            Cumulative     Earnings
                         ----------  Paid in   Treasury  Comprehensive (Accumulated
                         Shares  $   Capital    Stock    Income (Loss)   Deficit)    Total
                         ------ --- ---------- --------  ------------- ------------ -------

Balance at December 31,
 1997................... 13,150 $13  $23,310   $(2,971)      $  90       $(3,098)   $17,344
Issuance of common
 stock:
  Exercise of options...    466  --      945        --          --            --        945
  Exercise of warrants..     17  --      186        --          --            --        186
 Compensation expense
  recognized on issuance
  of options............     --  --       98        --          --            --         98
 Acquisition of treasury
  stock in connection
  with exercise of
  options...............     --  --       --       (63)         --            --        (63)
 Other comprehensive
  loss..................     --  --       --        --        (210)           --       (210)
 Net income.............     --  --       --        --          --         9,202      9,202
                         ------ ---  -------   -------       -----       -------    -------
Balance at December 31,
 1998................... 13,633 $13  $24,539   $(3,034)      $(120)      $ 6,104    $27,502
 Exercise of options....     32   1       43        --          --            --         44
 Compensation expense
  recognized on issuance
  of options............     --  --       97        --          --            --         97
 Other comprehensive
  loss..................     --  --       --        --         (80)           --        (80)
 Net income.............     --  --       --        --          --           843        843
                         ------ ---  -------   -------       -----       -------    -------
Balance at December 31,
 1999................... 13,665 $14  $24,679   $(3,034)      $(200)      $ 6,947    $28,406
 Exercise of options....      8  --       14        --          --            --         14
 Compensation expense
  recognized on issuance
  of options............     --  --       82        --          --            --         82
 Other comprehensive
  loss..................     --  --       --        --        (171)           --       (171)
 Net loss...............     --  --       --        --          --        (9,476)    (9,476)
                         ------ ---  -------   -------       -----       -------    -------
Balance at December 31,
 2000................... 13,673 $14  $24,775   $(3,034)      $(371)      $(2,529)   $18,855
                         ====== ===  =======   =======       =====       =======    =======

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                      F-39

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                 (in thousands)

                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                    --------------------------
                                                     2000     1999      1998
                                                    -------  -------  --------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net income (loss)................................. $(9,476) $   843  $  9,202
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
  cash provided by (used) in operating activities..
  Depreciation and amortization....................   4,182    5,650     4,391
  Deferred income taxes............................     (58)    (547)      (96)
  Compensation expense on stock options............      82       97        98
  Non-cash portion of non-recurring charges........      --    1,055        --
  Loss from disposal of equipment and furniture,
   net.............................................      42      392        --
  Provision for doubtful accounts..................   2,206      477     1,015
  Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of
   tax.............................................  (3,102)      --        --
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable..............................   4,427   19,833   (20,292)
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets........  (1,846)  (2,428)   (2,999)
  Accounts payable.................................    (458)  (3,138)      655
  Accrued compensation and commissions.............  (2,337)  (2,219)    2,679
  Income taxes payable.............................      --   (5,997)    5,997
  Accrued software license obligations.............      --       --      (674)
  Accrued liabilities..............................    (225)  (1,305)    1,213
 Other.............................................    (171)     142       727
                                                    -------  -------  --------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities........................................  (6,734)  12,855     1,916
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Proceeds from sale of investment securities.......      --       --       986
 Purchase of equipment and furniture...............  (1,443)  (1,521)   (3,588)
 Sale of discontinued operations...................   1,800       --        --
 Other.............................................      36       --       (52)
                                                    -------  -------  --------
Net cash provided by (used in) investing
 activities........................................     393   (1,521)   (2,654)
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock........      15       44     1,068
 Payment of capital lease obligation...............  (1,954)  (1,535)     (429)
 Distributions to Pyramid stockholder..............      --     (229)     (771)
 Repayment of notes payable........................      --      --     (3,088)
                                                    -------  -------  --------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities...  (1,939)  (1,720)   (3,220)
                                                    -------  -------  --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents.......................................  (8,280)   9,614    (3,958)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year.......  10,390      776     4,734
                                                    -------  -------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year............. $ 2,110  $10,390  $    776
                                                    =======  =======  ========
Cash paid during the year for:
 Interest.......................................... $   259  $   369  $    427
 Income tax........................................ $    17  $ 9,077  $     45
Non cash investing and financing activities:
 Equipment acquired under capital lease............      --  $ 2,304  $  2,796

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements

                                      F-40

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1--Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

   Basis of Presentation--The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries
("Data Dimensions" or the "Company"). As more fully described in Note 2, the
Company acquired ST Labs, Inc. in 1998. The transaction was a business
combination accounted for as a pooling of interests. The historical financial
statements for periods prior to consummation of the business combination have
been restated as though the companies had been combined for all periods
presented. In December 2000, the Company sold its data center outsourcing
division, Data Dimension Information Services ("DDIS") in a cash transaction.
The Company received $1.8 million of the $5.4 million purchase price at the
closing of the transaction, and the remaining balance was paid in January 2001.
The Company's financial results have been presented to reflect this business as
a discontinued operation for all periods presented. See Note 3 for additional
information.

   Description of Business--The Company conducts its business through two
operating divisions:

  .   Quality Assurance and Testing ("QA & Test") Through a network of Test
      Centers and on-site field consultants, the Company provides
      comprehensive, outsourced software quality assurance and test solutions
      for product development organizations and on-line service providers
      including practice areas of printers and peripherals, publishing and
      education, embedded systems and Web testing.

  .   Application development and maintenance ("ADM") The Company manages
      clients' business applications with the objective of improving software
      quality, processes, and costs. ADM engagements may also encompass
      development of new applications, as directed by clients. The Company
      operates an offshore application solution center in Galway, Ireland, in
      concert with on-site consultants, to provide its clients with ADM
      services across a range of platforms and operating environments.

   Principles of Consolidation--The financial statements include the accounts
of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

   Foreign Operations--The Company operates a solution center and test lab in
Ireland through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Data Dimensions Ireland Limited.
The Company delivers testing and consulting services in the United Kingdom
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Data Dimensions (UK) Limited. All asset
and liability accounts of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars
at current exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated using the
average exchange rate during the period. Foreign currency translation
adjustments are reported as a component of comprehensive income and
stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Gains and losses
resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in income currently.

   Concentration of Credit Risk--Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentration of credit risk primarily include cash and cash
equivalents, and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash deposits and
certain short-term investments in bank deposits and money market funds with
high credit quality financial institutions; at times deposits exceed federally
insured limits. The Company places its cash equivalents in investment grade,
short-term debt instruments and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one
issuer. Accounts receivable consist of account balances due from companies
dispersed primarily across the United States, with no significant geographic or
industry concentration. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
customer's financial condition and generally requires no collateral from its
customers.

   Accounting Estimates--The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts

                                      F-41

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

   Fair Value Disclosures--Recorded amounts of cash and cash equivalents,
investment securities, receivables, prepaid expenses and other current assets,
capital lease obligations, long term debt, accounts payable and other amounts
included in current liabilities meeting the definition of financial instruments
approximate fair value.

   Cash and Cash Equivalents--Cash and cash equivalents represent funds on
deposit with banks or invested in a variety of highly liquid short-term
instruments with original maturities of less than three months.

   Deferred Expenses--Certain costs incurred in connection with providing
computer mainframe outsourcing services are deferred and recognized over the
period services are provided. Recurring costs deferred for existing customers,
primarily software license fees, are recorded in prepaid expenses and are
typically recognized over 12 months. Costs deferred for new customers,
primarily installation and conversion costs, are included in other assets and
are recognized over service contract lives of up to five years. These costs are
related to the data center operations which was sold in 2000. See Note 3 for
more information.

   Equipment and Furniture--Equipment and furniture are stated at cost and are
depreciated for book purposes utilizing straight-line methods over estimated
useful lives of 3 to 5 years. Assets are depreciated for tax purposes using
various accelerated methods. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the
lesser of the lease term, or useful lives. Repairs and maintenance expenditures
are expensed as incurred.

   Capitalized Software--Included in equipment and furniture are direct costs
of computer software developed or obtained for internal use. Costs incurred are
capitalized and amortized over periods not exceeding three years.

   Impairment of Long-Lived Assets--The Company evaluates its long-lived assets
for financial impairment and continues to evaluate them as events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully
recoverable. The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets by
measuring the carrying amount of the assets against the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows associated with these assets. At the time such evaluations
indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long-lived assets
are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets, the assets are
adjusted to their fair values.

   Revenue Recognition--The Company recognizes revenue in compliance with the
criteria outlined in Staff Accounting Bulletin 101, "Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements." The criteria are persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is
fixed and determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured.

   ADM and Test Center revenue consists of billable hours for services provided
by the Company's technical consultants valued at contract rates, and is
recognized as services are performed. Product revenue and license fees earned
under technology license agreements are generally recognized when the
technology has been delivered and there are no significant obligations
remaining. Royalty revenue from licensees is recognized as services are
provided by the licensee. Advance billings are provided for by certain
contracts and are recognized as revenue when the related services are
performed.

   Grant Accounting--The Company's subsidiary in Ireland has received an
employment grant from the Industrial Development Authority of Ireland.
Employment grants, which relate to employee hiring and training, are recognized
as a reduction of expense during the period in which the related expenditures
are incurred by the Company.

                                      F-42

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   Pre-Operating and Start-up Costs--Pre-operating and start-up costs incurred
in connection with the organization and development of new business activities
are expensed as incurred and are included in general, administrative and
selling expenses. During 1998, such costs were incurred to establish solution
centers. The Company's accounting of startup costs is consistent with the
treatment required by AICPA Statement of Position 98-5, "Reporting on Costs of
Startup Activities."

   Income Taxes--Deferred taxes are provided for temporary differences in the
basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. To
the extent that it is not considered to be more likely than not that all of the
Company's deferred tax assets will be realized, a valuation allowance is
recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset to its estimated net realizable
value.

   Stock-Based Compensation--Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123"), encourages, but
does not require companies to record compensation cost for stock-based employee
compensation. The Company has chosen to continue to account for stock-based
compensation utilizing the intrinsic value method prescribed in Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."
Accordingly, compensation cost for stock options is measured as the excess, if
any, of the fair market price of the Company's stock at the date of grant over
the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock. Pro forma net income and
earnings per share are presented in Note 9 on the basis as if compensation had
been determined pursuant to SFAS 123.

   Earnings Per Share--Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128,
"Earnings Per Share" ("SFAS 128") requires presentation of earnings per share
on a basic and diluted earnings per share basis.

   Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding. The computation of diluted
earnings per share is similar to the computation of basic earnings per share,
except that the number of shares utilized as the denominator is increased to
include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if dilutive potential common share equivalents had been issued. See Note 12 for
additional disclosure.

   Segment Reporting--The Company provides disclosures required by Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information" ("SFAS 131"). SFAS 131 requires disclosures
of the Company's segments based on how information is reported to management.
See Note 11 for disclosure regarding the Company's segments.

   Liquidity--During the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company experienced
a net loss of $9.5 million and used $6.7 million cash in operations. The
Company believes that expected revenues together with existing cash and cash
equivalents and financing currently available, will be sufficient to meet
anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at
least the next 12 months. If management's plans do not materialize and the
operating losses continue, the Company may need to obtain additional sources of
liquidity or significantly reduce its operating expenses in order to meet its
cash obligations.

   Reclassifications--Certain amounts have been reclassified in prior year
financial statements to conform with current year presentations.

NOTE 2--Acquisitions

 ST Labs, Inc.

   In August 1998, the Company completed the acquisition of ST Labs, Inc. ("ST
Labs"), in which the Company acquired all of the outstanding Common Stock of ST
Labs in exchange for approximately 515,000

                                      F-43

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

shares of Data Dimensions Common Stock. In addition, the Company assumed all
options outstanding under ST Labs' Option Plans. If fully exercised, such
options would have resulted in the issuance of approximately an additional
158,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. The value of the Company's shares
exchanged in the merger, combined with the shares issuable under the Option
Plans, was approximately $9.7 million at the time of the merger. ST Labs
provides information technology quality assurance and testing services to its
customers, including quality assurance and test automation training, software
testing in its own or customer locations, and Web site testing. As a result of
the transaction, ST Labs became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

   The business combination was accounted for as a pooling of interests for
financial reporting purposes. Consequently, the historical financial statements
for periods prior to the consummation of the combination have been restated as
though the companies had been combined for all periods presented.

   All fees and expenses related to the business combination and to the
consolidation of the combining companies have been expensed as required under
the pooling of interests accounting method and included in non-recurring
charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Such fees and expenses
approximated $757,000 and were comprised of direct transaction costs and the
expense of consolidating and integrating the combined companies.

   A reconciliation of results of operations for the separate companies through
the calendar quarter immediately preceding the business combination is as
follows (in thousands):

                                                                Six Months Ended
                                                                 June 30, 1998
                                                                ----------------
                                                                  (Unaudited)

   Revenue
     Data Dimensions...........................................     $41,561
     ST Labs...................................................       6,800
                                                                    -------
       Combined................................................     $48,361
                                                                    =======
   Net Income (loss)
     Data Dimensions...........................................     $ 3,018
     ST Labs...................................................        (615)
                                                                    -------
       Combined................................................     $ 2,403
                                                                    =======

NOTE 3--Divestiture of Data Center Operations

   On December 28, 2000, the Company sold its data center operation for $5.4
million. The financial results of the data center operation have been recorded
as Income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statement of
Operations for all periods presented. The Company recorded a $3.1 million gain,
after tax as a result of the transaction. Financial results of the data center
operations were as follows for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):

                                                       2000     1999     1998
                                                      -------  -------  -------

   Revenue........................................... $ 9,173  $11,702  $12,811
   Income (loss) before income taxes.................  (1,848)  (1,884)   2,243
   Net income (loss).................................  (1,476)  (1,149)   1,368

NOTE 4--Non-recurring Charges

   The Company recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations non-
recurring charges of $1.8 million and $757,000 in 1999 and 1998, respectively.
Non-recurring charges in 2000 reflect a reversal of a

                                      F-44

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

portion of the 1999 charge due to a reduction in the 1999 severance costs
resulting from higher than expected voluntary terminations.

   The charge in 1998 of $757,000 before tax ($462,000 after tax) was for
merger related costs associated with the business combination with ST Labs in
August 1998, as described in Note 2.

   The $1.8 million ($1.1 million after tax) charge resulted from the Company's
transition from providing products and consulting services addressing Y2K
remediation to providing information technology consulting and other services.
The non-recurring charge consisted of (in thousands):

   Capitalized product development...................................... $  388
   Asset impairment.....................................................    667
   Severance costs (approximately 240 people)...........................    783
                                                                         ------
                                                                         $1,838
                                                                         ======

   The write-off of capitalized product development represents costs associated
with the development of the Company's Ardes 2k and IVR products. The Company
decided to discontinue selling these products as they were no longer a part of
the Company's core business strategy.

   The asset impairment reflects the write-down of certain computer equipment
at the Company's data center operations. This equipment was used specifically
in the testing of platforms for compliance with Y2K and due to the shift in the
Company's focus, they would not be fully utilized. The Company has written
these assets down to their estimated net realizable value based upon third
party estimates of fair value and intends to hold these assets for potential
future projects which could require the specific equipment identified. The
$667,000 for asset impairment has been recorded in Income (loss) from
discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statement of Operations in 1999.

NOTE 5--Accounts Receivable

   Accounts receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts
of approximately $2.3 million and $1.3 million at December 31, 2000 and
December 31, 1999, respectively. Included in accounts receivable are costs and
accrued revenue in excess of amounts billed at the balance sheet date, relating
primarily to services provided to customers which have been subsequently
billed. Such unbilled amounts approximated $1.1 million and $3.4 million at
December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, respectively. Included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets at December 31, 1999 is approximately
$200,000 of amounts retained by customers in accordance with contract terms. No
amounts were retained by customers at December 31, 2000. Included in accounts
receivable at December 31, 2000 was $3.6 million owed the Company from the sale
of the data center operation discussed in Note 3.

NOTE 6--Long-Lived Assets

   Equipment and furniture consists of the following at December 31 (in
thousands):

                                                                2000     1999
                                                               -------  -------

   Computers and equipment.................................... $ 8,601  $13,146
   Furniture and fixtures.....................................     842    1,071
   Leasehold improvements.....................................     721      311
                                                               -------  -------
                                                                10,164   14,528
   Accumulated depreciation...................................  (7,212)  (7,489)
                                                               -------  -------
   Equipment and furniture, net............................... $ 2,952  $ 7,039
                                                               =======  =======

                                      F-45

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   Computers and equipment include equipment under capital lease of
approximately $5.0 million and related accumulated amortization of $1.6 million
at December 31, 1999. This equipment was in the data center operations which
was sold as described in Note 3.

NOTE 7--Leases

   The Company leases facilities and certain equipment under operating leases,
some of which contain renewal options. Rent expense was $2.2 million, $2.8
million and $2.6 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Future annual
minimum commitments under leases with non-cancelable terms in excess of one
year at December 31, 2000, which have not been reduced by minimum sublease
revenue of $251,000 are as follows (in thousands):

                                                                      Operating
                                                                       Leases
                                                                      ---------

   2001..............................................................  $2,391
   2002..............................................................   2,244
   2003..............................................................   1,574
   2004..............................................................     388
   2005..............................................................     319
   Thereafter........................................................      19
                                                                       ------
   Total minimum payments............................................  $6,935
                                                                       ======

NOTE 8--Income Taxes

   The income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following for the years
ended December 31 (in thousands):

                                                       2000     1999    1998
                                                      -------  ------  ------

   Current provision (benefit) from continuing
    operations.......................................
     Federal......................................... $(3,742) $  864  $4,177
     State...........................................     (35)    119     632
     Foreign.........................................      59     259     182
                                                      -------  ------  ------
                                                       (3,718)  1,242   4,991
                                                      -------  ------  ------
   Current provision (benefit) from discontinued
    operations.......................................
     Federal.........................................    (291)   (608)    818
     State...........................................      --     (86)    112
                                                      -------  ------  ------
                                                         (291)   (694)    930
                                                      -------  ------  ------
   Total current provision (benefit).................  (4,009)    548   5,921
                                                      -------  ------  ------
   Deferred provision (benefit) from continuing
    operations.......................................    (643)     32      55
   Deferred provision (benefit) from discontinued
    operations.......................................     701     (41)    (55)
                                                      -------  ------  ------
                                                          (58)     (9)     --
                                                      -------  ------  ------
   Income tax provision (benefit) from continuing
    operations.......................................  (4,361)  1,274   5,046
   Income tax provision (benefit) from discontinued
    operations.......................................     410    (735)    875
                                                      -------  ------  ------
                                                      $(3,951) $  539  $5,921
                                                      =======  ======  ======

                                      F-46

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   The income tax provision (benefit) from continuing operations for the years
ended December 31 differed from amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal
income tax rate to pretax income as a result of the following (in thousands):

                                                         2000     1999    1998
                                                        -------  ------  ------

   Tax at U.S. federal income tax rate................. $(5,257) $1,110  $4,379
   Effect of merger costs..............................     --      --      249
   State income tax....................................     (35)    119     632
   Change in valuation allowance.......................     553      18     499
   Foreign differences, net............................     190    (114)   (410)
   Non-deductible expenses.............................      56     125     115
   Other, net..........................................     132      16    (418)
                                                        -------  ------  ------
   Income tax provision (benefit)...................... $(4,361) $1,274  $5,046
                                                        =======  ======  ======

   Deferred income taxes are comprised of the following at December 31 (in
thousands):

                                                                2000     1999
                                                               -------  -------

   Deferred tax assets:
     Operating loss carryforwards............................. $ 1,135  $   980
     Tax-book depreciation....................................     278      250
     Allowance for doubtful accounts..........................     816      482
     Other....................................................     159      408
                                                               -------  -------
       Total deferred tax assets..............................   2,388    2,120
     Valuation allowance......................................  (1,432)  (1,518)
                                                               -------  -------
       Net deferred tax assets................................     956      602
                                                               -------  -------
   Deferred tax liabilities...................................    (546)    (250)
                                                               -------  -------
       Net deferred income taxes.............................. $   410  $   352
                                                               =======  =======

   The Company has recorded net deferred income tax assets, including operating
loss carryforwards. Realization of the operating loss carryforwards is
dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to their expiration.
Utilization of operating loss carryforwards following certain changes in
ownership is subject to limitations, which may significantly diminish net
operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income. A
valuation allowance has been established for these operating loss
carryforwards. At December 31, 2000, the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards available to offset future taxable income of approximately $2.4
million with expiration dates through 2018.

   The Company has recorded a federal income tax receivable of $4.5 million in
recognition of a refund that will be generated from carrying back the tax
losses generated in 2000 and recapturing taxes paid in 1998 and 1999.

NOTE 9--Stockholders' Equity, Stock Options and Warrants

   The Company has incentive stock option plans pursuant to which options to
purchase shares of the Company's Common Stock may be granted to employees and
directors. The plans provide that the option price shall not be less than the
fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. Options generally vest
ratably over four year periods as provided for in each employee's option
agreement, and generally expire in the fifth year after the options vest. In
1998, stock options for 400,000 shares were granted outside the Company's stock

                                      F-47

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

option plans. Included in this grant, options to purchase 350,000 shares vest
ratably over four years and options to purchase 50,000 shares vest after one
year. These options, which were issued to one individual upon the commencement
of employment, expire five years after they vest. In 1999, the shareholders
voted to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the stock
plans by 1,500,000 shares. At December 31, 2000, there were approximately
1,024,836 shares reserved for options to be granted under the plans.

   The following summarizes stock options and warrants transactions (in
thousands except per share amounts):

                                                                   Weighted
                                                                   Average
                                        Shares  Price per Share Exercise Price
                                        ------  --------------- --------------

   Outstanding at December 31, 1997.... 1,141   $0.25 to $34.75     $10.06
     Granted...........................   990   $8.31 to $17.44     $13.67
     Exercised.........................  (446)  $1.62 to $17.25     $12.09
     Expired or canceled...............  (163)  $0.87 to $33.56     $10.04
                                        -----
   Outstanding at December 31, 1998.... 1,522   $0.25 to $34.75     $14.89
     Granted........................... 1,162   $1.50 to $ 8.69     $ 3.60
     Exercised.........................   (32)  $0.25 to $ 2.00     $ 1.38
     Expired or canceled...............  (778)  $1.37 to $29.19     $13.20
                                        -----
   Outstanding at December 31, 1999.... 1,874   $0.25 to $34.75     $ 8.79
     Granted...........................   919   $0.25 to $ 4.00     $ 1.54
     Exercised.........................    (8)  $1.69 to $ 2.00     $ 1.89
     Expired or canceled...............  (712)  $0.25 to $34.75     $ 6.41
                                        -----
   Outstanding at December 31, 2000.... 2,073   $0.25 to $33.88     $ 6.38
                                        =====

   Information relating to stock options at December 31, 2000 is summarized by
exercise price as follows (thousands of shares):

                                       Outstanding                Exercisable
                              ----------------------------- -----------------------
                                        Weighted Average
                                     ----------------------
                                      Life                         Weighted Average
   Exercise Price Per Share   Shares (Years) Exercise Price Shares  Exercise Price
   ------------------------   ------ ------- -------------- ------ ----------------

   $ 0.25 to $ 1.38........     383    6.4       $ 0.93       17        $ 0.94
   $ 1.44 to $ 2.56........     516    6.8       $ 1.99       29        $ 1.87
   $ 3.06 to $ 3.56........     460    5.8       $ 3.43      201        $ 3.47
   $ 5.06 to $13.25........     545    5.7       $12.39      305        $12.48
   $13.31 to $33.88........     169    5.7       $20.76      111        $21.65
                              -----                          ---
                              2,073    6.1       $ 6.38      663        $10.52

   The weighted average fair value of options granted for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 are $1.54, $3.08 and $10.08, respectively.
Stock options issued to employees generally have an exercise price not less
than the fair value of the Company's Common Stock on the date of grant, and in
accordance with accounting for such options utilizing the intrinsic value
method there is no related compensation expense recorded in the Company's
financial statements.

   Had compensation cost for stock-based compensation been determined based on
the fair value at the grant dates consistent with the method of SFAS 123, the
Company's net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share for the years ended
December 31, would have been reduced to the pro forma amounts presented below
(in thousands, except per share data):

                                      F-48

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

                                                       2000     1999     1998
                                                     --------  -------  -------

   Net income (loss)
     As reported.................................... $ (9,476)  $  843  $ 9,202
     Pro forma...................................... $(11,676)  $ (827) $ 8,021
   Earnings (loss) per diluted share
     As reported.................................... $  (0.70)  $ 0.06  $  0.69
     Pro forma...................................... $  (0.86)  $(0.06) $  0.60

   The fair market value of option grants is estimated on the date of grant
utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions:

                                                       2000     1999     1998
                                                     --------  -------  -------

   Expected life of options.........................  5 years  5 years  5 years
   Risk-free interest rate..........................      5.8%     5.6%     5.2%
   Dividend yield...................................        0%       0%       0%
   Volatility.......................................      227%      97%      96%

NOTE 10--Employee Benefit Plans

   The Company has 401(k) plans for those employees who meet eligibility
requirements. Eligible employees may contribute up to 15% of their compensation
subject to IRS 401(k) limitations. Company contributions to the plans are
discretionary as determined by the Board of Directors. Total contributions
charged to expense for the plans approximated $207,000, $523,000, and $49,000
in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

NOTE 11--Segment Reporting

   The Company operates in two segments, Quality Assurance and Testing, and
Application Development and Maintenance. The description of these segments is
included in the description of business in Note 1.

   The Company evaluates its performance and allocates resources based on
income from operations. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are
the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies
in Note 1. The Company's reportable segments are managed separately because
they provide different services to the customer. The consulting segment was
phased out in 2000 (in thousands):

                                   ADM    QA & Test Consulting Other    Total
                                  ------  --------- ---------- ------  --------

     Revenue..................... $7,211   $20,575   $ 4,622      --   $ 32,408
     Intersegment revenue........    162        92       --       --        254
     Segment profit..............   (868)    1,721    (1,063)     --       (210)
     Non-recurring charges.......    --        --       (136)     --       (136)

     Revenue..................... $1,845   $13,064   $67,811   $7,684  $ 90,404
     Intersegment revenue........     --       --      1,033      520     1,553
     Segment profit..............    412     1,704    15,149     (292)   16,973
     Non-recurring charges.......    --        --        618      388     1,006

     Revenue.....................    --    $13,720   $84,023   $3,990  $101,733
     Segment profit..............    --       (488)   27,281   (3,517)   23,276

                                      F-49

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   The Company does not record interest expense, interest income,
depreciation, tax provision or assets by segment.

   The total of the segment revenue and income before income taxes does not
equal the consolidated results. The following table provides a reconciliation
of segment results to the consolidated results from continuing operations (in
thousands):

                                                           2000     1999      1998
                                                         --------  -------  --------

   Revenue
     External revenue for reportable segments....        $ 32,408  $82,720  $ 97,743
     Intersegment revenue for reportable
      segments...................................             254    1,033       --
     Other revenue...............................             --     8,204     3,990
     Elimination of intersegment revenue.........            (254)  (1,553)      --
                                                         --------  -------  --------
     Consolidated revenue........................        $ 32,408  $90,404  $101,733
                                                         ========  =======  ========
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
    before income tax
     Income from operations for reportable
      segments...................................        $   (210) $17,265  $ 26,793
     Other income or loss........................             --      (292)      284
     Unallocated amounts:
          Corporate general, and administrative..         (15,253) (13,707)  (14,197)
                                                         --------  -------  --------
     Consolidated income (loss) from continuing
      operations before income tax...............        $(15,463) $ 3,266  $ 12,880
                                                         ========  =======  ========

   Significant Customers--In 2000, 1999 and 1998, one customer accounted for
17, 11 and 25 percent, respectively, of the Company's revenue.

   Geographic Information--Revenue is generated primarily from customers in
the United States. No country outside of the United States represents a
significant percent of total revenue. The revenue below is based on the
location of the customer (in thousands):

                                                         2000    1999     1998
                                                        ------- ------- --------

   United States....................................... $31,392 $84,382 $ 99,438
   Foreign.............................................   1,016   6,022    2,295
                                                        ------- ------- --------
   Total............................................... $32,408 $90,404 $101,733
                                                        ======= ======= ========

NOTE 12--Earnings Per Share
   A reconciliation of the basic and diluted earnings per share to the shares
used is as follows (in thousands):

                                                            2000   1999   1998
                                                           ------ ------ ------

   Weighted average shares outstanding--basic............. 13,560 13,537 13,347
   Weighted effect of dilutive options and warrants.......    --      18     65
                                                           ------ ------ ------
   Weighted average shares outstanding--diluted........... 13,560 13,555 13,412
                                                           ====== ====== ======

   The Company's outstanding options have been considered utilizing the
treasury stock method in calculating diluted earnings per share. There were
2.1 million, 1.2 million, and 890,000 options outstanding at December 31,
2000, December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, respectively, that were anti-
dilutive and excluded from the diluted share calculation.

                                     F-50

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   As more fully described in Note 2, during 1998 the Company issued
approximately 515,000 shares, of its Common Stock in connection with a business
combination accounted for as a pooling of interests. All share and per share
data presented in these financial statements have been restated on the basis
that these shares have been outstanding for all periods presented.

NOTE 13--Commitments and Contingencies

   The Company is from time to time involved in various claims and legal
proceedings of a nature considered by Company management to be routine and
incidental to its business. In the opinion of Company management, after
consultation with outside legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of such
matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

   During 1996, the Company's subsidiary in Ireland entered into a grant
agreement with Ireland's Industrial Development Authority pursuant to which,
under certain conditions, the Company may receive grant monies of up to 1.1
million Irish Pounds (approximately $1.3 million at December 31, 2000). During
the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Company recognized grant
monies of approximately $0, $0, and $272,000, respectively. Pursuant to terms
of the grant the Company could have an obligation to repay grant funds in the
event that the Company should discontinue its Irish operations prior to the
commitment period provided for in the grant agreement, which expires in 2001.

NOTE 14--Subsequent Events

   On January 22, 2001, the Company signed a one year, $10 million loan
agreement. The loan agreement provides for up to $7.5 million in borrowing,
depending on available assets, with an increase to $10 million upon achieving
certain financial milestones. The loan agreement provides for certain financial
covenants and borrowings under the loan agreement are secured by the company's
assets. In connection with the loan agreement, warrants for 225,000 shares of
the Company's Common Stock were issued.

   On March 8, 2001, the Company signed an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
with Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. The agreement calls for the Company to be
acquired pursuant to a tax-free exchange of stock. The approximate value of the
transaction is $15 million based on the value of the shares on the date of
agreement. The transaction must be approved by the Company's stockholders at a
special meeting for stockholders which is anticipated to be held on or before
July 31, 2001.

                                      F-51

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

NOTE 15--Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

   In December 2000, the Company disposed of its data center operation as
discussed in Note 3. The quarterly information presented below has been
restated to reflect the data center operation as a discontinued operation (in
thousands, except per share data):

                          -----------------------------------------------------------
                                       Quarters Ended
                          ---------------------------------------------   Year Ended
                          March 31  June 30  September 30   December 31   December 31
                          --------  -------  ------------   -----------   -----------

Revenue.................  $ 7,625   $ 8,249    $ 8,995        $ 7,539       $32,408
Gross margin............    2,327     2,612      2,855          2,166         9,960
Loss from continuing
 operations.............   (1,907)   (2,389)    (2,215)        (4,591)      (11,102)
Income (loss) from
 discontinued
 operations.............     (370)     (346)      (284)         2,626         1,626
Net loss................  $(2,277)  $(2,735)   $(2,499)       $(1,965)      $(9,476)
Loss from continuing
 operations per share...  $ (0.14)  $ (0.17)   $ (0.16)       $ (0.33)      $ (0.82)
Income (loss) from
 discontinued operations
 per share..............  $ (0.03)  $ (0.03)   $ (0.02)       $  0.19       $  0.12
Loss per share (c)......  $ (0.17)  $ (0.20)   $ (0.18)       $ (0.14)      $ (0.70)

                          -----------------------------------------------------------
                                       Quarters Ended
                          ---------------------------------------------   Year Ended
                          March 31  June 30  September 30   December 31   December 31
                          --------  -------  ------------   -----------   -----------

Revenue.................  $28,273   $28,938    $19,641        $13,552       $90,404
Gross margin............   13,725    13,037      8,017          5,451        40,230
Income (loss) from
 continuing operations..    1,352     1,311     (1,497)(a)        826 (b)     1,992
Income (loss) from
 discontinued
 operations.............      191       120     (1,183)          (277)       (1,149)
Net income (loss).......  $ 1,542   $ 1,431    $(2,680)(a)    $   550 (b)   $   843
Income (loss) from
 continuing operations
 per share..............  $  0.10   $  0.10    $ (0.11)       $  0.06       $  0.14
Income (loss) from
 discontinued operations
 per share..............  $  0.01   $  0.01    $ (0.09)       $ (0.02)      $ (0.08)
Earnings (loss) per
 share (c)..............  $  0.11   $  0.11    $ (0.20)(a)    $  0.04 (b)   $  0.06

- --------
(a)  The third quarter of 1999 included non-recurring charge of $1.2 million,
     before tax in Income (loss) from continuing operation and $1.9 million,
     before tax in Net income (loss) and Earnings (loss) per share.
(b)  The fourth quarter of 1999 included income from a litigation settlement of
     $1.9 million, before tax recorded in non-operating income.
(c)  Earnings (loss) per share for the year will not necessarily equal the sum
     of the net income (loss) per share amounts for the quarters due to
     different weighting of the diluted shares outstanding.

                                      F-52

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   The quarterly amounts reported above differ from those reported in the
Company's Form 10-Q's filed for the respective periods due to the presentation
of the discontinued operation. Revenue, gross margin and income (loss) from
continuing operations have been restated for all quarters previously reported.
Below is a reconciliation from the amounts reported on the Form 10-Q's to the
amounts reported herein.

                                  First   Second    Third   Fourth
                                 Quarter  Quarter  Quarter  Quarter   Annual
                                 -------  -------  -------  -------  --------

Revenue--2000................... $ 7,625  $ 8,249  $ 8,995  $ 7,539  $ 32,408
From discontinued operations....   2,534    2,170    2,132
                                 -------  -------  -------  -------  --------
As previously reported..........  10,159   10,419   11,127    7,539    32,408
Revenue--1999...................  28,273   28,938   19,641   13,552    90,404
From discontinued operations....   3,945    3,341    1,952    2,464    11,702
                                 -------  -------  -------  -------  --------
As previously reported..........  32,218   32,279   21,593   16,016   102,106
Gross margin--2000..............   2,327    2,612    2,855    2,166     9,960
From discontinued operations....     (56)    (113)    (166)
                                 -------  -------  -------  -------  --------
As previously reported..........   2,271    2,499    2,689    2,166     9,960
Gross margin--1999..............  13,725   13,037    8,017    5,451    40,230
From discontinued operations....     755      609     (873)     (46)      445
                                 -------  -------  -------  -------  --------
As previously reported..........  14,480   13,646    7,144    5,405    40,675
Income (loss) from continuing
 operations.....................
   2000.........................  (1,907)  (2,389)  (2,215)  (4,591)  (11,102)
   1999.........................   1,352    1,311   (1,497)     826     1,992
Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations.....................
   2000.........................    (370)    (346)    (284)   2,626     1,626
   1999.........................     191      120   (1,183)    (277)   (1,149)
Net income (loss)...............
   2000.........................  (2,277)  (2,735)  (2,499)  (1,965)   (9,476)
   1999.........................   1,542    1,431   (2,680)     550       843
Income (loss) per share from
 continuing operations--basic...
   2000.........................   (0.14)   (0.17)   (0.16)   (0.33)    (0.82)
   1999.........................    0.10     0.10    (0.11)    0.06      0.14
Income (loss) per share from
 discontinued operations--
 basic..........................
   2000.........................   (0.03)   (0.03)   (0.02)    0.19      0.12
   1999.........................    0.01     0.01    (0.09)   (0.02)    (0.08)
Net income (loss) per share--
 basic..........................
   2000.........................   (0.17)   (0.20)   (0.18)   (0.14)    (0.70)
   1999.........................    0.11     0.11    (0.20)    0.04      0.06
Income (loss) per share from
 continuing operations--
 diluted........................
   2000.........................   (0.14)   (0.17)   (0.16)   (0.33)    (0.82)
   1999.........................    0.10     0.10    (0.11)    0.06      0.14
Income (loss) per share from
 discontinued operations--
 diluted........................
   2000.........................   (0.03)   (0.03)   (0.02)    0.19      0.12
   1999.........................    0.01     0.01    (0.09)   (0.02)    (0.08)
Net income (loss) per share--
 diluted........................
   2000.........................   (0.17)   (0.20)   (0.18)   (0.14)    (0.70)
   1999.........................    0.11     0.11    (0.20)    0.04      0.06

                                      F-53

                                                                         ANNEX A

                         LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

                           DIAMOND ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      and

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

                           Dated as of March 8, 2001

                               

 ARTICLE I. THE MERGER...................................................   5
 1.1  The Merger........................................................    5
 1.2  Effects of the Merger.............................................    5
 1.3  Closing...........................................................    5
 1.4  Approval by the Stockholders of Diamond...........................    5
 1.5  Approval by the Board of Directors of Parent......................    6
 ARTICLE II. CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE OF SHARES; DISSENTING SHARES........   6
 2.1  Conversion of Shares of Diamond Stock.............................    6
 2.2  Dissenting Shares.................................................    7
 2.3  Delivery of Evidence of Ownership.................................    7
 2.4  No Further Ownership Rights in Diamond Stock......................    7
 2.5  No Fractional Shares..............................................    7
 2.6  Assumption of Stock Options.......................................    8
 ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF DIAMOND..................   8
 3.1  Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries....................    8
 3.2  Capital Structure.................................................    9
 3.3  Authority.........................................................   10
 3.4  Compliance with Laws and Other Instruments; Non-Contravention.....   10
 3.5  Technology and Intellectual Property Rights.......................   11
 3.6  Diamond SEC Reports and Financial Statements......................   12
 3.7  Taxes.............................................................   13
 3.8  Absence of Certain Changes and Events.............................   15
 3.9  Leases in Effect..................................................   16
 3.10 Personal Property; Real Estate....................................   16
 3.11 Certain Transactions..............................................   17
 3.12 Litigation and Other Proceedings..................................   17
 3.13 No Defaults.......................................................   17
 3.14 Major Contracts...................................................   17
 3.15 Material Reductions...............................................   18
 3.16 Insurance and Banking Facilities..................................   18
 3.17 Employees.........................................................   18
 3.18 Employee Benefit Plans............................................   19
 3.19 Certain Agreements................................................   20
 3.20 Guarantees and Suretyships........................................   20
 3.21 Brokers and Finders...............................................   20
 3.22 Environmental Matters.............................................   20
 3.23 Enforceability of Contracts, etc..................................   20
 3.24 Information Supplied..............................................   21
 3.25 Nasdaq National Market............................................   21
 3.26 Fairness Opinion..................................................   21
 3.27 Voting Requirements...............................................   21
 3.28 State Takeover Statutes...........................................   21
 3.29 No Indemnity Claim................................................   21
 ARTICLE IV.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB....  22
 4.1  Organization and Qualification....................................   22
 4.2  Capitalization....................................................   22
 4.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement..............................   22

                                      A-2

 4.4  Non-Contravention...............................................   22
 4.5  Parent SEC Reports and Financial Statements.....................   23
 4.6  Validity of Parent Merger Shares................................   23
 4.7  Consents and Approvals of Governmental Authorities..............   23
 4.8  Litigation......................................................   24
 4.9  No Defaults.....................................................   24
 4.10 Taxes...........................................................   24
 4.11 Absence of Certain Changes and Events...........................   24
 ARTICLE V. COVENANTS OF DIAMOND.......................................  25
 5.1  Conduct of Business in Ordinary Course..........................   25
 5.2  Dividends, Issuance of, or Changes in Securities................   25
 5.3  Governing Documents.............................................   26
 5.4  No Acquisitions.................................................   26
 5.5  No Dispositions.................................................   26
 5.6  Indebtedness....................................................   26
 5.7  Compensation....................................................   26
 5.8  Claims..........................................................   26
 5.9  Access to Properties and Records................................   26
 5.10 Breach of Representations and Warranties........................   26
 5.11 Consents........................................................   26
 5.12 Tax Returns.....................................................   27
 5.13 Exclusivity; Acquisition Proposals..............................   27
 5.14 Notice of Events................................................   27
 5.15 Reasonable Best Efforts.........................................   27
 5.16 Insurance.......................................................   27
 5.17 Confidentiality and Assignment of Inventions Agreements.........   27
 5.18 Stock Option Grants.............................................   27
 ARTICLE VI. COVENANTS OF PARENT.......................................  28
 6.1  Breach of Representations and Warranties........................   28
 6.2  Additional Information; Access..................................   28
 6.3  Consents........................................................   28
 6.4  Reasonable Best Efforts.........................................   28
 6.5  Nasdaq National Market Listing..................................   28
 6.6  Notice of Events................................................   28
 ARTICLE VII. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS....................................  28
 7.1  Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement;
      Stockholders Meeting............................................   28
 7.2  Legal Conditions to the Merger..................................   30
 7.3  Employee Benefits...............................................   30
 7.4  Expenses........................................................   30
 7.5  Additional Agreements...........................................   30
 7.6  Public Announcements............................................   30
 7.7  Confidentiality.................................................   30
 7.8  Diamond Voting Agreement........................................   31
 7.9  Hart-Scott-Rodino Filing........................................   31
 7.10 Parent Option...................................................   31
 7.11 Indemnification of Directors and Officers.......................   31
 ARTICLE VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT....................................  32
 8.1  Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger......   32

                                      A-3

 8.2   Conditions of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub................   32
 8.3   Conditions of Obligation of Diamond...............................   33
 ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION..................................................  34
  9.1  Mutual Agreement..................................................   34
  9.2  Termination by Parent.............................................   34
  9.3  Termination by Diamond............................................   34
  9.4  Outside Date......................................................   35
  9.5  Termination Fee...................................................   35
  9.6  Effect of Termination.............................................   35
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS.................................................  35
 10.1  Entire Agreement..................................................   35
 10.2  Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction............................   36
 10.3  Notices...........................................................   36
 10.4  Severability......................................................   37
 10.5  Survival of Representations and Warranties........................   37
 10.6  Assignment........................................................   37
 10.7  Counterparts......................................................   37
 10.8  Amendment.........................................................   37
 10.9  Extension, Waiver.................................................   37
 10.10 Interpretation....................................................   37
 10.11 Transfer, Sales, Documentary, Stamp and Other Similar Taxes.......   37

EXHIBITS
Exhibit 1.1 --Merger Documents
Exhibit 1.2 --Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub
Exhibit 7.8 --Diamond Voting Agreement
Exhibit 7.10--Parent Option

                                      A-4

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION, dated as of March 8, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), by and among Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"); Diamond Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"); and Data Dimensions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Diamond").

   Intending to be legally bound, and in consideration of the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, Parent,
Merger Sub and Diamond agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   The Merger

   1.1 The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), Merger Sub
will be merged with and into Diamond (the "Merger"). A Certificate of Merger
and any other required documents (collectively, the "Merger Documents"),
substantially in the form attached as EXHIBIT 1.1, will be duly prepared,
executed and acknowledged by Diamond and Merger Sub and thereafter delivered to
the Secretary of State of Delaware for filing in accordance with the DGCL
contemporaneously with the Closing (as defined in Section 1.3). The Merger will
become effective at such time as the Merger Documents have been filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware or such later time as may be set forth therein
(the "Effective Time"). Following the Merger, Diamond will continue as the
surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") under the
laws of the State of Delaware, and the separate corporate existence of Merger
Sub will cease.

   1.2 Effects of the Merger. At and after the Effective Time, (i) the Merger
will have all of the effects provided by the Certificate of Merger and
applicable law, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub, as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time in the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT 1.2, will be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law and such Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation; provided, however , that, at the
Effective Time, Article I of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation shall be amended to read: "The name of the corporation is "Diamond,
Inc.", (iii) the bylaws of Merger Sub will be the bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until duly amended, (iv) the directors of Merger Sub will be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation, to hold office in accordance with the
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, (v) the officers of Diamond will be the
officers of the Surviving Corporation, to hold office in accordance with the
bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and (vi) the issued and outstanding
certificates for the capital stock of Merger Sub will be the issued and
outstanding certificates initially representing all of the issued capital stock
of the Surviving Corporation. The Merger is intended to be a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), and this Agreement is intended to constitute a "plan of
reorganization" within the meaning of the regulations promulgated under Section
368 of the Code.

   1.3 Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the "Closing") will take place as soon as practicable (but no more than three
(3) business days) after satisfaction or waiver of the last to be fulfilled of
the conditions set forth in Article VIII that by their terms are not to occur
at the Closing (the "Closing Date"), but in no event later than June 30, 2001,
at the offices of Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP in Boston, Massachusetts,
unless another date or place is agreed to in writing by Parent and Diamond. If
all of the conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof are determined to be
satisfied (or duly waived) at the Closing, concurrently with the Closing the
parties hereto will cause the Merger to be consummated by the filing of the
Merger Documents with the Secretary of State of Delaware. The Closing will be
deemed to have concluded at the Effective Time.

   1.4 Approval by the Stockholders of Diamond. As promptly as practical after
the SEC has declared the Form S-4 (as defined below) effective, Diamond will
take all action necessary in accordance with

                                      A-5

applicable law, its Charter Documents (as defined below) and any agreements to
which it is a party to solicit the approval of this Agreement, the Merger and
all of the transactions contemplated hereby by all stockholders of Diamond by
means of a duly convened meeting of stockholders. Diamond will use its best
efforts to obtain such stockholder approval. Diamond represents and warrants
that its Board of Directors has duly (i) approved this Agreement and the Merger
in accordance with the DGCL and (ii) resolved to recommend to the stockholders
of Diamond that they approve this Agreement, the Merger and all of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

   1.5 Approval by the Board of Directors of Parent. Parent represents and
warrants that (i) its Board of Directors has duly approved this Agreement and
the Merger in accordance with the DGCL and (ii) the issuance of its shares in
connection with the Merger does not require the approval of its stockholders
under the DGCL or the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

                                   ARTICLE II

              Conversion and Exchange of Shares; Dissenting Shares

   2.1 Conversion of Shares of Diamond Stock.

    (a) Subject, without limitation, to the provisions of Section 2.2 hereof,
 at the Effective Time, all of the shares of common stock, $0.001 par value
 per share, of Diamond ("Diamond Common Stock" or "Diamond Stock") issued and
 outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (excluding any Diamond
 Stock held by Parent or Merger Sub or any other subsidiary of Parent, or by
 Diamond or any subsidiary of Diamond, which shares ("Excluded Shares") will
 be automatically canceled in the Merger without payment of any consideration
 therefor, and excluding Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.2 hereof))
 will automatically, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
 part of the holder thereof, be converted into shares of common stock, $0.01
 par value per share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock") in accordance with
 Section 2.1(c), and cash (rounded down to the nearest whole cent) in lieu of
 fractional shares, if any, pursuant to Section 2.5 below. Shares of Diamond
 Stock that are actually issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
 Effective Time, excluding the Excluded Shares, are sometimes referred to
 herein as the "Outstanding Diamond Shares." All Diamond Options (as defined
 below) that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and do
 not expire pursuant to their terms on or before the Closing (each of which is
 specifically identified in Section 3.2 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule (as
 defined below)) and any Diamond Options issued by Diamond immediately prior
 to the Closing at the request of Parent pursuant to Section 5.18 of this
 Agreement are referred to herein as the "Outstanding Diamond Options."

    (b) The shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in exchange for the
 acquisition of all Outstanding Diamond Shares and the assumption of all
 Outstanding Diamond Options are herein referred to as the "Parent Merger
 Shares".

    (c) The ratio at which one Outstanding Diamond Share will be converted
 into shares of Parent Common Stock at the Effective Time is herein called the
 "Conversion Ratio" and will be as set forth in the second sentence of this
 Section 2.1(c). Subject to Section 2.2, at the Effective Time, each
 Outstanding Diamond Share will be converted into the right to receive
 0.190884 (which amount will be adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend
 or similar event effected between the date of this Agreement and the
 Effective Date) of a fully paid and non-assessable share of Parent Common
 Stock. Each holder of Outstanding Diamond Shares will be entitled to receive
 that aggregate number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the
 Conversion Ratio multiplied by the number of Outstanding Diamond Shares held
 by such holder immediately prior to the Effective Time, subject to Section
 2.2 herein.

    (d) At the Effective Time, each share of common stock, $0.01 par value, of
 Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
 will, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
 holder hereof, be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and non-
 assessable share of

                                      A-6

 common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.
 Following the Effective Time, each certificate evidencing ownership of shares
 of Merger Sub common stock shall evidence ownership of such shares of capital
 stock of the Surviving Corporation.

   2.2 Dissenting Shares. Any holder of shares of Diamond Stock that are
outstanding on the record date for the determination of which holders will be
entitled to vote for or against the Merger who objects to the Merger and
complies with all provisions of the DGCL concerning the rights of holders to
dissent from the Merger and requests appraisal (such shares, "Dissenting
Shares") will be entitled to exercise dissenters' rights pursuant to Section
262 of the DGCL with respect to such Dissenting Shares provided that such
holder meets all of the requirements of the DGCL with respect to such
Dissenting Shares, and will not be entitled to receive Parent Merger Shares,
unless otherwise provided by the DGCL or agreed in writing by Parent. Diamond
will, after consultation with Parent, give such notices with respect to
dissenters' rights as may be required by the DGCL as soon as practicable.

   2.3 Delivery of Evidence of Ownership. At the Closing, each holder of a
certificate or other documentation representing Outstanding Diamond Shares,
other than Dissenting Shares, will surrender such certificates or other
documentation to Parent, and, if not previously delivered, (i) a duly executed
Letter of Transmittal, in form reasonably satisfactory to Parent and Diamond
(collectively, the "Letters of Transmittal"), and (ii) such other duly executed
documentation as may be reasonably required by Parent to effect a transfer of
such shares, and upon such surrender and after the Effective Time, each such
holder will be entitled to receive promptly from Parent or its transfer agent
certificates registered in the name of such holder representing the applicable
number of Parent Merger Shares, and the cash (calculated pursuant to Section
2.5, which will be paid by check), to which such holder is entitled pursuant to
the provisions of this Agreement. The approval of this Agreement by
stockholders of Diamond will also constitute their approval of the terms and
provisions of the Letters of Transmittal. In the event any certificates or
instruments representing Outstanding Diamond Shares or Outstanding Diamond
Options shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making and delivery
of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming same to have been lost,
stolen or destroyed and the posting by such person of a bonding in such
reasonable amount as Parent may direct as indemnity against any claim that
would be made against Parent with respect to such certificate or instrument,
Parent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or
instrument the Parent Merger Shares and cash deliverable in respect thereof
pursuant to this Agreement.

   2.4 No Further Ownership Rights in Diamond Stock. The Merger and its
approval by the stockholders of Diamond and the execution of this Agreement
will be deemed, at the Effective Time, to constitute full satisfaction and
termination of all rights and agreements pertaining to Diamond Stock pursuant
to the DGCL, by contract or otherwise. After the Effective Time, there will be
no transfers on the stock transfer books of Diamond of Diamond Stock or
exercises of any options, warrants or other rights to acquire Diamond Stock.
Prior to or upon Closing, Diamond will cause all options, warrants and other
rights to purchase or acquire Diamond Stock, other than Outstanding Diamond
Options assumed pursuant to Section 2.6 below, to either be exercised or
canceled. Until surrendered to Parent, each certificate for Diamond Stock will,
after the Effective Time, represent only the right to receive cash and Parent
Merger Shares into which the shares of Diamond Stock formerly represented
thereby will have been converted pursuant to this Agreement. Any dividends or
other distribution declared after the Effective Time with respect to Parent
Common Stock will be paid to the holder of any certificate for shares of
Diamond Stock when the holder thereof is entitled to receive a certificate for
such holder's Parent Merger Shares in accordance with this Agreement.

   2.5 No Fractional Shares. No certificates or scrip for fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock will be issued, no Parent stock split or dividend will be
paid in respect of any fractional share interest, and no such fractional share
interest will entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any rights of or as a
stockholder of Parent. In lieu of such fractional shares, any holder of
Outstanding Diamond Shares who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a
share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock to be received by such holder) will be paid the cash value of such
fraction, which will be equal to such fraction multiplied by the Parent Average
Closing Price. "Parent Average Closing Price" will be equal to the

                                      A-7

average closing bid price of the Parent Common Stock as publicly reported by
the Wall Street Journal over the five Trading Days ending on the last Trading
Day prior to the date of this Agreement. "Trading Day" will mean days on which
closing prices for purchases and sales of Parent Common Stock are reported by
the Nasdaq National Market.

   2.6 Assumption of Stock Options. At the Effective Time, Parent shall assume
each Outstanding Diamond Option and each holder thereof (each an "Option
Holder") shall thereby be entitled to acquire, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the Option Holder, on substantially the same
terms (including the dates and extent of exercisability) and subject to the
same conditions, including vesting, as such Outstanding Diamond Option, the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock determined by multiplying the number of
shares of Diamond Common Stock for which such Outstanding Diamond Option is
then exercisable in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the
Effective Time by the Conversion Ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole
share), at an exercise or conversion price per share of Parent Common Stock
(rounded up to the nearest whole cent) determined by dividing the exercise
price per share of Diamond Common Stock of such Outstanding Diamond Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Conversion Ratio.

                                  ARTICLE III

                   Representations and Warranties of Diamond

   Except as set forth in the disclosure schedule of Diamond dated as of the
date hereof and delivered herewith to Parent (the "Diamond Disclosure
Schedule") which identifies the section and subsection to which each disclosure
therein relates, Diamond represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as
follows:

   3.1 Organization, Standing and Power; Subsidiaries.

    (a) Diamond is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
 standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has all requisite corporate
 power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
 its businesses as now being conducted, and is duly qualified and in good
 standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which it is required to be
 qualified, except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed
 individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on
 the Business Condition (as defined below) of Diamond.

    As used in this Agreement, "Business Condition" with respect to any Person
 (as defined below) means the business, financial condition, results of
 operations, assets or prospects (without giving effect to the consequences of
 the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and other than changes in
 general economic conditions) of such Person or Persons including its
 Subsidiaries taken as a whole. In this Agreement, a "Subsidiary" of any
 Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
 venture or other entity of which such Person directly or indirectly owns or
 controls a majority of the equity interests or voting securities or other
 interests that are sufficient to elect a majority of the Board of Directors
 or other managers of such corporation, partnership, limited liability
 company, joint venture or other entity. In this Agreement, "Person" means any
 natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
 venture or other entity.

    All Subsidiaries of Diamond and their jurisdiction of incorporation are
 completely and correctly listed in Section 3.1 of the Diamond Disclosure
 Schedule. Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
 and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.
 Diamond has delivered to Parent complete and correct copies of the articles
 or certificate of incorporation, bylaws and/or other primary charter and
 organizational documents ("Charter Documents") of Diamond and its
 Subsidiaries, in each case, as amended to the date hereof. Diamond and each
 of its Subsidiaries is in full compliance with its Charter Documents. The
 minute books and stock records of Diamond and its Subsidiaries are complete
 and copies, of which have been delivered to Parent, contain correct and
 complete records of all material proceedings and actions taken at all
 meetings of, or effected by written consent of, the stockholders of Diamond
 and its Subsidiaries and their Board of Directors. Section 3.1 of the Diamond
 Disclosure Schedule

                                      A-8

 contains a complete and correct list of the officers and directors of Diamond
 and its Subsidiaries and any other Person who may be deemed to be an
 affiliate of Diamond within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the
 Securities Act.

    (b) Diamond has never owned, nor does it currently own, directly or
 indirectly, any capital stock or other equity securities of any corporation
 or have direct or indirect equity or ownership interest in any partnership,
 limited liability company, joint venture or other entity other than its
 Subsidiaries. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each
 Subsidiary of Diamond are owned beneficially and of record by Diamond, one of
 its other Subsidiaries, or any combination thereof, in each case free and
 clear of any security interests, liens, charges, restrictions, claims,
 encumbrances or assessments of any nature whatsoever ("Liens"); and there are
 no outstanding subscriptions, warrants, options, convertible securities, or
 other rights (contingent or other) pursuant to which any of the Subsidiaries
 is or may become obligated to issue any shares of its capital stock to any
 Person other than Diamond or one of the other Subsidiaries.

   3.2 Capital Structure.

    (a) The authorized capital stock of Diamond consists of (i) 20,000,000
 shares of Diamond Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which
 13,560,972 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement
 and (ii) 3,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share
 ("Diamond Preferred Stock"), of which no shares are issued and outstanding as
 of the date of this Agreement and no shares of Diamond Common Stock are
 issued and held as treasury shares by Diamond. The Diamond Disclosure
 Schedule also sets forth any options, warrants, calls, conversion rights,
 commitments, agreements, contracts, understandings, restrictions,
 arrangements or rights of any character (each, an "Diamond Option") to which
 Diamond is a party or by which Diamond may be bound obligating Diamond to
 issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional
 shares of Diamond Stock, or obligating Diamond to grant, extend, or enter
 into any such option, warrant, call, conversion right, conversion payment,
 commitment, agreement, contract, understanding, restriction, arrangement or
 right. Diamond does not have any outstanding options, warrants, calls,
 conversion rights, commitments, agreements, contracts, understandings,
 restrictions, arrangements or rights of any character to which Diamond is a
 party or by which Diamond may be bound obligating Diamond to issue, deliver
 or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of
 Diamond Preferred Stock. As of the date of this Agreement, 2,073,343 shares
 of Diamond Common Stock are subject to issuance pursuant to outstanding
 Diamond Options under Diamond's 1997 Stock Option Plan. The Diamond
 Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each
 Diamond Option outstanding as of the date of this Agreement: (i) the name of
 the optionee; (ii) the number of shares of Diamond Common Stock subject to
 such Diamond Option; (iii) whether such Diamond Option is an incentive stock
 option or a non-qualified stock option; (iv) the exercise price of such
 Diamond Option; (v) the date on which such Diamond Option was granted or
 assumed; (vi) the date on which such Diamond Option expires and (vi) whether
 the exercisability of such option will be accelerated in any way by the
 transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and indicates the extent of any
 such acceleration. Diamond has made available to Parent an accurate and
 complete copy of the Diamond 1997 Stock Option Plan and the standard forms of
 stock option agreements evidencing Diamond Options. Other than the Parent
 Option (as defined below) and as set forth in the Diamond Disclosure
 Schedule, there are no Diamond Options outstanding to purchase shares of
 Diamond Common Stock other than pursuant to the Diamond 1997 Stock Option
 Plan.

    (b) All outstanding shares of Diamond Common Stock are, and any shares of
 Diamond Common Stock issued upon exercise of any Outstanding Diamond Options
 will be, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and not subject to any
 preemptive rights (other than those which have been duly waived), or to any
 agreement to which Diamond is a party or by which Diamond may be bound.
 Diamond does not have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other
 indebtedness the holders of which (i) have the right to vote (or convertible
 or exercisable into securities having the right to vote) with holders of
 shares of Diamond Common Stock on any matter ("Diamond Voting Debt") or (ii)
 are or will become entitled to receive any

                                      A-9

 payment as a result of the execution of this Agreement or the completion of
 the transactions contemplated hereby.

   3.3 Authority. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
all other agreements contemplated hereby by Diamond have been duly authorized
by all necessary action of the Board of Directors of Diamond, and if the
Closing shall occur, the Diamond Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined
below) shall have been obtained. Certified copies of the resolutions adopted by
the Board of Directors of Diamond and its stockholders approving this
Agreement, all other agreements contemplated hereby and the Merger have been or
will be provided to Parent prior to the Closing. Diamond has duly and validly
executed and delivered this Agreement and has, or prior to Closing, will have
duly and validly executed and delivered all other agreements contemplated
hereby, and each of this Agreement and such other agreements constitutes or,
upon execution and delivery at or prior to the Closing, will constitute, a
valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Diamond in accordance with its
terms.

   3.4 Compliance with Laws and Other Instruments; Non-Contravention. Diamond
and its Subsidiaries hold, and at all times have held, all licenses, permits
and authorizations from all Governmental Entities (as defined below) necessary
for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses pursuant to all
applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of all such
Governmental Entities having jurisdiction over it or any part of their
operations. There are no material violations or claimed violations known by
Diamond or any Subsidiary of any such license, permit or authorization or any
such statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation. Assuming the receipt of all
Consents (as defined below), neither the execution, delivery or performance of
this Agreement and all other agreements contemplated hereby by Diamond, nor the
consummation of the Merger or any other transaction described herein, does or
will, after the giving of notice, or the lapse of time, or otherwise, conflict
with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, (i) the Charter
Documents of Diamond or any Subsidiary or (ii) any federal, foreign, state or
local court or administrative order or process, statute, law, ordinance, rule
or regulation, or any contract, agreement or commitment to which Diamond or any
Subsidiary is a party, or under which Diamond or any Subsidiary is obligated,
or by which Diamond or any Subsidiary or any of the rights, properties or
assets of Diamond or any Subsidiary are subject or bound; result in the
creation of any Lien upon, or otherwise adversely affect, any of the rights,
properties or assets of Diamond or any Subsidiary; terminate, amend or modify,
or give any party the right to terminate, amend, modify, abandon or refuse to
perform or comply with, any contract, agreement or commitment to which Diamond
or any Subsidiary is a party, or under which Diamond or any Subsidiary is
obligated, or by which Diamond or any Subsidiary or any of the rights,
properties or assets of Diamond or any Subsidiary are subject or bound; or
accelerate, postpone or modify, or give any party the right to accelerate,
postpone or modify, the time within which, or the terms and conditions under
which, any liabilities, duties or obligations are to be satisfied or performed,
or any rights or benefits are to be received, under any contract, agreement or
commitment to which Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party, or under which
Diamond or any Subsidiary may be obligated, or by which Diamond or any
Subsidiary or any of the rights, properties or assets of Diamond or any
Subsidiary are subject or bound other than any of the foregoing listed in (ii)
which would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse
effect on the Business Condition of Diamond or any Subsidiary. Section 3.4 of
the Diamond Disclosure Schedule sets forth each agreement, contract or other
instrument binding upon Diamond or any Subsidiary requiring a notice or consent
(by its terms or as a result of any conflict or other contravention required to
be disclosed in the Diamond Disclosure Schedule pursuant to the preceding
provisions of this Section 3.4) as a result of the execution, delivery or
performance of this Agreement and all other agreements contemplated hereby by
Diamond or the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction described
herein (each such notice or consent, a "Consent"). No consent, approval, order,
or authorization of or registration, declaration, or filing with or exemption
(also a "Consent") by, any court, administrative agency or commission or other
governmental authority or instrumentality, whether domestic or foreign (each a
"Governmental Entity") is required by or with respect to Diamond or any
Subsidiary in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this
Agreement and all other agreements contemplated hereby by Diamond or the
consummation of the Merger or any other transaction described herein,

                                      A-10

except for the filing by Diamond and Merger Sub of the appropriate Merger
Documents with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

   3.5 Technology and Intellectual Property Rights.

    (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, "Diamond Intellectual Property"
 consists of the following intellectual property:

     (i) all patents, trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress,
  copyrights and any renewal rights therefor, schematics, software, firmware,
  technology, manufacturing processes, supplier lists, customer lists, trade
  secrets, know-how, moral rights and applications and registrations for any
  of the foregoing;

     (ii) all documents, records and files relating to design, end user
  documentation, manufacturing, quality control, sales, marketing or customer
  support for all intellectual property described herein;

     (iii) all other tangible or intangible proprietary information and
  materials; and

     (iv) all license and other rights in any third party product or any
  third party intellectual property described in (i) through (iii) above;

  that are owned or held by or on behalf of Diamond or any Subsidiary or that
  are being, and/or have been, used, or are currently under development for
  use, in the business of Diamond or any Subsidiary as it has been, is
  currently or is currently planned to be conducted; provided, however, that
  Diamond Intellectual Property will not include any commercially available
  third party software or related intellectual property.

    (b) Section 3.5 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule lists: (i) all patents,
 copyright registrations, registered trademarks, registered service marks,
 trade dress, any renewal rights for any of the foregoing, and any
 applications and registrations for any of the foregoing, that are included in
 Diamond Intellectual Property and owned by or on behalf of Diamond or any
 Subsidiary; (ii) all hardware products and tools, software products and tools
 and services that are currently published, offered, or under development by
 Diamond or any Subsidiary; and (iii) all licenses, sublicenses and other
 agreements to which Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party and pursuant to
 which Diamond or any Subsidiary or any other person is authorized to use any
 Diamond Intellectual Property or exercise any other right with regard
 thereto. The disclosures described in (iii) hereof include the identities of
 the parties to the relevant agreements, a description of the nature and
 subject matter thereof, the term thereof and the applicable royalty or
 summary of any formula or procedure for determining such royalty.

    (c) Diamond Intellectual Property consists solely of items and rights that
 are either: (i) owned solely by Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) in
 the public domain; or (iii) rightfully used and authorized for use by Diamond
 or any Subsidiary and their successors pursuant to a valid license. All
 Diamond Intellectual Property that consists of license or other rights to
 third party property is separately set forth in Section 3.5 of the Diamond
 Disclosure Schedule. Diamond and its Subsidiaries have all rights in Diamond
 Intellectual Property necessary to carry out Diamond's or any Subsidiary's
 current, former and planned future activities, including without limitation
 rights to make, use, exclude others from using, reproduce, modify, adapt,
 create derivative works based on, translate, distribute (directly and
 indirectly), transmit, display and perform publicly, license, rent, lease,
 assign and sell Diamond Intellectual Property in all geographic locations and
 fields of use, and to sublicense any or all such rights to third parties,
 including the right to grant further sublicenses.

    (d) Diamond is not, nor as a result of the execution or delivery of this
 Agreement and all other agreements contemplated hereby, or performance of
 Diamond's obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Merger, will
 Diamond be, in violation of any license, sublicense or other agreement
 relating to any Diamond Intellectual Property to which Diamond or any
 Subsidiary is a party or otherwise bound. Diamond is not obligated to provide
 any consideration (whether financial or otherwise) to any third party, nor is
 any third party otherwise entitled to any consideration, with respect to any
 exercise of rights by Diamond or Surviving Corporation, as successor to
 Diamond, in Diamond Intellectual Property.

                                      A-11

    (e) To the knowledge of Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries, the use,
 reproduction, modification, distribution, licensing, sublicensing, sale, or
 any other exercise of rights in any product, work, technology, service or
 process as used, provided, or offered at any time, or as proposed for use,
 reproduction, modification, distribution, licensing, sublicensing, sale, or
 any other exercise of rights, by Diamond or any Subsidiary does not infringe
 any copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark, service mark, trade name,
 firm name, logo, trade dress, moral right, other intellectual property right,
 right of privacy, or right in personal data of any Person. No claims (i)
 challenging the validity, effectiveness, or ownership by Diamond or any
 Subsidiary of any Diamond Intellectual Property, or (ii) to the effect that
 the use, reproduction, modification, manufacturing, distribution, licensing,
 sublicensing, sale, or any other exercise of rights in any product, work,
 technology, service, or process as used, provided or offered at any time, or
 as proposed for use, reproduction, modification, distribution, licensing,
 sublicensing, sale, or any other exercise of rights, by Diamond or any
 Subsidiary infringes or will infringe on any intellectual property or other
 proprietary or personal right of any Person have been asserted to Diamond or
 any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of Diamond and its Subsidiaries, are
 threatened by any Person nor are there any valid grounds for any bona fide
 claim of any such kind. There are no legal or governmental proceedings,
 including interference, re-examination, reissue, opposition, nullity, or
 cancellation proceedings pending that relate to any Diamond Intellectual
 Property, other than review of pending applications for patent, and Diamond
 and its Subsidiaries are not aware of any information indicating that such
 proceedings are threatened or contemplated by any Governmental Entity or any
 other Person. All granted or issued patents and all registered trademarks and
 copyright registrations owned by Diamond or any Subsidiary are valid,
 enforceable and subsisting. To the knowledge of Diamond and its Subsidiaries,
 there is no unauthorized use, infringement, or misappropriation of any
 Diamond Intellectual Property by any third party, employee or former
 employee.

    (f) Section 3.5 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule separately lists all
 parties (other than employees) who have created any portion of, or otherwise
 have any rights in or to, Diamond Intellectual Property. Diamond and its
 Subsidiaries have secured from all parties who have created any portion of,
 or otherwise have any rights in or to, Diamond Intellectual Property valid
 and enforceable written assignments of any such work or other rights to or
 such Subsidiaries and has provided true and complete copies of such
 assignments to Parent.

    (g) Diamond has obtained written agreements from all employees and from
 third parties with whom Diamond, to its knowledge, has shared confidential
 proprietary information (i) of Diamond or any Subsidiary or (ii) received
 from others that Diamond is obligated to treat as confidential and to obtain
 the written agreement of employees and others to keep confidential, that
 agreements require such employees and third parties to keep such information
 confidential in accordance with the terms thereof. Diamond has made available
 copies of such written agreements, as executed, to Parent.

   3.6 Diamond SEC Reports and Financial Statements.

    (a) Diamond has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be
 filed by Diamond with the SEC since the effective date of the registration
 statement for Diamond's initial public offering. Diamond has previously
 furnished to Parent true and correct copies of (i) its Annual Report of Form
 10-K for the period ended December 31, 1999, (ii) its Quarterly Reports on
 Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000 and September
 30, 2000, (iii) all other reports filed by it with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") since December 31, 1999 and (iv)
 Diamond hereby agrees to furnish to Parent true and correct copies of all
 reports filed by it with the Commission after the date hereof prior to the
 Closing all in the form (including exhibits) so filed (collectively, the
 "Diamond SEC Reports"). As of their respective dates, the Diamond SEC Reports
 complied or will comply in all material respects with the then applicable
 published rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto at the
 date of their issuance and did not or will not contain any untrue statement
 of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
 therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
 circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date
 hereof, no additional filings or amendments to previously filed

                                      A-12

 Diamond SEC Reports are required pursuant to such rules and regulations. None
 of Diamond's Subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other
 documents with the SEC.

    (b) Diamond has delivered to Parent an unaudited consolidated balance
 sheet (the "Unaudited Balance Sheet") as of December 31, 2000 (the "Unaudited
 Balance Sheet Date") and unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash
 flows for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2000 (collectively, the
 "Unaudited 2000 Financial Statements"). The Unaudited 2000 Financial
 Statements and the audited consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2000
 and audited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the twelve-
 month period ended December 31, 2000 (collectively, the "Audited 2000
 Financial Statements") along with each of the consolidated financial
 statements of Diamond (including, in each case, any related notes thereto)
 contained in the Diamond SEC Reports (collectively, the "Financial
 Statements"), including each Diamond SEC Report filed after the date hereof
 until the Closing, (i) comply as to form in all material respects with the
 published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) are
 prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
 periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the
 case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be permitted by the
 SEC under Form 10-Q, 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange Act) and
 (iii) fairly present the consolidated financial position of Diamond and its
 Subsidiaries in all material respects as at the respective dates thereof and
 the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods
 indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements may not
 contain footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end
 adjustments.

    (c) Diamond has heretofore furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy
 of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the
 SEC but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other
 instruments which previously had been filed by Diamond with the SEC pursuant
 to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

    (d) As of the Unaudited Balance Sheet Date, there were no material
 liabilities, claims or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, absolute,
 contingent, anticipated or otherwise, whether due or to become due, that are
 not shown or provided for either in the Unaudited Balance Sheet or Section
 3.6 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule, and since the Unaudited Balance Sheet
 Date, Diamond has incurred no material liabilities, claims or obligations of
 any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, anticipated or otherwise
 other than in the ordinary course of business and except for liabilities
 incurred by Diamond in connection with the preparation and execution of this
 Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

    (e) All of the accounts, notes and other receivables which are reflected
 in the Unaudited Balance Sheet were acquired in the ordinary course of
 business; and, except to the extent reserved against in the Unaudited Balance
 Sheet, all of the accounts, notes and other receivables which are reflected
 therein have been collected in full, or are good and collectible, in the
 ordinary course of business; and all of the accounts, notes and other
 receivables which have been acquired by Diamond or any Subsidiary since the
 Unaudited Balance Sheet Date were acquired in the ordinary course of business
 and have been collected in full, or are good and collectible, subject to an
 appropriate reserve determined in a manner consistent with past practices of
 Diamond, in the ordinary course of business. No accounts, notes or other
 receivables are contingent upon the performance by Diamond or any Subsidiary
 of any obligation or contract. Except as set forth in Section 3.6 of the
 Diamond Disclosure Schedule, no Person has any Lien on any of such
 receivables and no agreement for deduction or discount has been made with
 respect thereto.

   3.7 Taxes.

    (a) The term "Taxes" as used herein means any and all federal, state,
 local and foreign income tax, alternative or add-on minimum tax, estimated,
 gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer,
 franchise, capital profits, lease, service, license, withholding, payroll,
 employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property,
 environmental or windfall profit taxes, customs, duties and other taxes,
 governmental fees and other like assessments and charges of any kind
 whatsoever, together with all interest, penalties, additions to tax and
 additional amounts with respect thereto, and the term "Tax" means

                                      A-13

 any one of the foregoing Taxes. The term "Tax Returns" as used herein means
 all returns, declarations, reports, claims for refund, information statements
 and other documents relating to Taxes, including all schedules and
 attachments thereto, and including all amendments thereof, and the term "Tax
 Return" means any one of the foregoing Tax Returns.

    (b) Diamond and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed all Tax Returns
 required to be filed and has paid all Taxes owed (whether or not shown as due
 on such Tax Returns), including, without limitation, all Taxes which Diamond
 or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to withhold for amounts paid or owing
 to employees, creditors and third parties. All Tax Returns filed by Diamond
 and each of its Subsidiaries were complete and correct in all respects. None
 of the Tax Returns filed by Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries or Taxes
 payable by Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries have been the subject of an
 audit, action, suit, proceeding, claim, examination, deficiency or assessment
 by any Governmental Entity, and no such audit, action, suit, proceeding,
 claim, examination, deficiency or assessment is currently pending or, to the
 knowledge of Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened. Neither Diamond
 nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently the beneficiary of any extension of
 time within which to file any Tax Return, and neither Diamond nor any of its
 Subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitation with respect to any Tax or
 agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or
 deficiency. All material elections with respect to Taxes affecting Diamond or
 any of its Subsidiaries, as of the date hereof, are set forth in the
 Financial Statements or in Section 3.7(b) of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule.
 None of the Tax Returns filed by Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries contain a
 disclosure statement under former Section 6661 of the Code or Section 6662 of
 the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax law).
 Neither Diamond nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax sharing
 agreement or similar arrangement. Neither Diamond nor any of its Subsidiaries
 has ever been a member of a group filing a consolidated federal income Tax
 Return (other than a group the common parent of which was Diamond), and
 neither Diamond nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability for the Taxes
 of any Person under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any
 corresponding provision of state, local or foreign Tax law), as a transferee
 or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

    (c) Neither Diamond nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
 agreement, contract, arrangement or plan that has resulted or would result,
 separately or in the aggregate, in the payment of (i) any "excess parachute
 payments" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (without regard to
 the exceptions set forth in Sections 280G(b)(4) and 280G(b)(5) of the Code)
 or (ii) any amount for which a deduction would be disallowed or deferred
 under Section 162 or Section 404 of the Code. Neither Diamond nor any of its
 Subsidiaries has agreed to make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the
 Code (or any corresponding provision of state, local or foreign law) by
 reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise, and neither Diamond nor
 any of its Subsidiaries will be required to make any such adjustment as a
 result of the transactions set forth in this Agreement. Neither Diamond nor
 any of its Subsidiaries has or has had a permanent establishment in any
 foreign country, as defined in any applicable Tax treaty or convention
 between the United States and such foreign country. No portion of any
 consideration paid pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to
 the Parent Merger Shares and any amounts paid pursuant to Section 2.5) is
 subject to the Tax withholding provisions of Section 3406 of the Code, or of
 Subchapter A of Chapter 3 of the Code or of any other provision of law. No
 claim has ever been made by any Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where
 Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries does not file Tax Returns that Diamond or
 any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, is or may be subject to Tax in
 that jurisdiction. None of the shares of outstanding capital stock of Diamond
 or any of its Subsidiaries are subject to a "substantial risk of forfeiture"
 within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code. Neither Diamond nor any of its
 Subsidiaries has ever filed a consent pursuant to Section 341(f) of the Code,
 relating to collapsible corporations. Neither Diamond nor any of its
 Subsidiaries has net operating losses or other tax attributes presently
 subject to limitation under Sections 382, 383 or 384 of the Code, or the
 federal consolidated return regulations (other than limitations imposed as a
 result of the transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement).

    (d) There are no liens for Taxes upon the assets of Diamond or any of its
 Subsidiaries. The unpaid Taxes of Diamond and its Subsidiaries did not, as of
 the Unaudited Balance Sheet Date, exceed the reserve for actual Taxes (as
 opposed to any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing
 differences

                                      A-14

 between book and Tax income) as shown on the Unaudited Balance Sheet, and
 will not exceed such reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the
 Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and practice of Diamond and
 its Subsidiaries in filing their Tax Returns (taking into account any Taxes
 incurred as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement).
 Neither Diamond nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any joint venture,
 partnership, limited liability company or other arrangement or contract which
 could be treated as a partnership for Tax purposes.

    (f) Diamond has not been either a "distributing corporation" or a
 "controlled corporation" (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the
 Code) in any distribution of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment
 under the Code.

    (g) Section 3.7(g) of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule sets forth all
 expected Tax refunds.

   3.8 Absence of Certain Changes and Events. Except as set forth in the
Diamond SEC Reports, since September 30, 2000, there has not been:

    (a) Any transaction involving more than $35,000 entered into by Diamond or
 any Subsidiary other than in the ordinary course of business; any change (or
 any development or combination of developments of which Diamond or any
 Subsidiary has knowledge which is reasonably likely to result in such a
 change) in Diamond's Business Condition, other than changes in the ordinary
 course of business which in the aggregate have not been and are not expected
 to be materially adverse to Diamond's Business Condition; or, without
 limiting the foregoing, any loss of or damage to any of the properties of
 Diamond or any Subsidiary due to fire or other casualty or other loss,
 whether or not insured, amounting to more than $35,000 in the aggregate;

    (b) Any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
 distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of Diamond or any
 Subsidiary, or any repurchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition by
 Diamond or any Subsidiary of any outstanding shares of capital stock, any
 Diamond Option, or other securities of, or other equity or ownership
 interests in, Diamond or any Subsidiary;

    (c) Any discharge or satisfaction of any Lien or payment or satisfaction
 of any obligation or liability (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or
 otherwise and whether due or to become due) other than current liabilities
 shown on the Unaudited Balance Sheet and current liabilities incurred since
 the Unaudited Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business and
 consistent with past practice ("ordinary course of business");

    (d) Any change in the Charter Documents of Diamond or any amendment of any
 term of any outstanding security of Diamond;

    (e) Any incurrence, assumption or guarantee by Diamond or any Subsidiary
 of any indebtedness for borrowed money other than in the ordinary course of
 business and in an aggregate amount exceeding $35,000;

    (f) Any creation or assumption by Diamond or any Subsidiary of any Lien on
 any asset in an aggregate amount exceeding $10,000;

    (g) Any making of any loan, advance or capital contributions to, or
 investment in, any Person;

    (h) Any sale, lease, pledge, transfer or other disposition of any material
 capital asset;

    (i) Any transaction or commitment made, or any contract or agreement
 entered into, by Diamond or any Subsidiary relating to its assets or business
 (including the acquisition or disposition of any assets) with a value of
 $50,000 or more or any relinquishment by Diamond or any Subsidiary of any
 contract or other right with a value of $50,000 or more;

    (j) Any (A) grant of any severance or termination pay to any director,
 officer or employee of Diamond or any Subsidiary, (B) entering into of any
 employment, severance, management, consulting, deferred compensation or other
 similar agreement (or any amendment to any such existing agreement) with any
 director, officer or employee of Diamond or any Subsidiary, (C) change in
 benefits payable under existing

                                      A-15

 severance or termination pay policies or employment, severance, management,
 consulting or other similar agreements, (D) change in compensation, bonus or
 other benefits payable to directors, officers or employees of Diamond or any
 Subsidiary or (E) change in the payment or accrual policy with respect to any
 of the foregoing;

    (k) Any labor dispute or any activity or proceeding by a labor union or
 representative thereof to organize any employees of Diamond or any
 Subsidiary, or any lockouts, strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages or threats
 thereof by or with respect to any employees of Diamond or any Subsidiary;

    (l) Any issuance or sale of any stock, bonds, phantom stock interest or
 other securities of which Diamond or any Subsidiary is the issuer, or the
 grant, issuance or change of any stock options, warrants, or other rights to
 purchase securities of Diamond or any Subsidiary or phantom stock interest in
 Diamond or any Subsidiary;

    (m) Any cancellation of any debts or claims or waiver of any rights of
 substantial value in an aggregate amount exceeding $35,000;

    (n) Any sale, assignment or transfer of any Diamond Intellectual Property
 or other similar assets, including licenses therefor;

    (o) Any capital expenditures, or commitment to make any capital
 expenditures, for additions to property, plant or equipment in an aggregate
 amount exceeding $50,000;

    (p) Payment of any amounts to, or liability incurred to or in respect of,
 or sale of any properties or assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or
 intangible) to, or any transaction or any agreement or arrangement with, any
 corporation or business in which Diamond or any Subsidiary or any of their
 corporate officers or directors, or any "affiliate" or "associate" (as such
 terms are defined in the rules and regulations promulgated under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") of any such Person,
 has any direct or indirect ownership interests; or

    (q) Any agreement undertaking or commitment to do any of the foregoing.

   3.9 Leases in Effect. All real property leases and subleases as to which
Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party and any amendments or modifications
thereof are listed in Section 3.9 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule (each a
"Lease" and collectively, the "Leases") are valid, in full force and effect and
enforceable, and there are no existing defaults on the part of Diamond or any
Subsidiary, and neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary has received or given notice
of default or claimed default with respect to any Lease, nor is there any event
that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default on the
part of Diamond or any Subsidiary thereunder.

   3.10 Personal Property; Real Estate. (a) Diamond and its Subsidiaries have
good and marketable title, free and clear of all title defects and Liens to all
inventory, receivables, furniture, machinery, equipment and other personal
property, tangible or otherwise, reflected on the Unaudited Balance Sheet or
used in Diamond's or any Subsidiary's business, except for acquisitions and
dispositions since the Unaudited Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of
business. The Diamond Disclosure Schedule lists (i) all computer equipment and
(ii) all other personal property, in each case having a depreciated book value
of $5,000 or more, which are used by Diamond or any Subsidiary in the conduct
of their businesses, and all such equipment and property, in the aggregate, is
in good operating condition and repair, reasonable wear and tear excepted.
There is no asset used or required by Diamond or any Subsidiary in the conduct
of their businesses as presently operated which is not either owned by it or
licensed or leased to it.

    (b) Section 3.10 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule contains a schedule
 setting forth and describing all real property which is owned or leased by
 Diamond or any Subsidiary, or in which Diamond or any Subsidiary has any
 other right, title or interest. True and complete copies of each lease have
 been provided to Parent, and such leases constitute the entire understanding
 relating to Diamond's or any Subsidiary's use and occupancy of the leased
 premises. The leases are presently in full force and effect without further

                                      A-16

 amendment or modification. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary is in default
 in the performance of obligations under any lease, and neither Diamond nor
 any Subsidiary knows of any state of facts which with the giving of notice or
 the passage of time, or both, would constitute a default by Diamond or any
 Subsidiary or any other party thereunder.

    (c) To the knowledge of Diamond and its Subsidiaries, the improvements
 located on the real property described in Section 3.10 of the Diamond
 Disclosure Schedule are not the subject of any official complaint or notice
 of violation of any applicable zoning ordinance or building code and there is
 no use or occupancy restriction or condemnation proceeding pending or
 threatened against Diamond or any Subsidiary.

   3.11 Certain Transactions. Except for (a) relationships with Diamond or any
Subsidiary as an officer, director, or employee thereof (and compensation by
Diamond or such Subsidiary in consideration of such services) and (b)
relationships with Diamond or any Subsidiary as stockholders or option holders
therein, none of the directors or officers of Diamond or any Subsidiary, or
holders of more than 5% of Diamond Stock known to Diamond ("Significant
Stockholders") or any member of any of their families, is presently a party to,
or was a party to during the year preceding the date of this Agreement, any
transaction, or series of similar transactions, with Diamond or any Subsidiary,
in which the amount involved exceeds $60,000, including, without limitation,
any contract, agreement, or other arrangement (i) providing for the furnishing
of services to or by, (ii) providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, or (iii) otherwise requiring payments to or from, any such Person or
any other Person in which any such Person has or had a 5%-or-more interest (as
a stockholder, partner, beneficiary, or otherwise) or is or was a director,
officer, employee, or trustee. None of Diamond's officers, directors or
Significant Stockholders has any interest in any property, real or personal,
tangible or intangible, including inventions, copyrights, trademarks, or trade
names, used in or pertaining to the business of Diamond or any Subsidiary, or
any supplier, distributor, or customer of Diamond or any Subsidiary, except for
the normal rights of a stockholder, and except for rights under existing
employee benefit plans.

   3.12 Litigation and Other Proceedings. There is no action, suit, claim,
investigation or proceeding (or any basis therefor known to Diamond and its
Subsidiaries) pending against or, to the knowledge of Diamond and any of its
Subsidiaries, threatened against Diamond or any Subsidiary or their properties
and assets before any court or arbitrator or any Governmental Entity. Neither
Diamond nor any Subsidiary is subject to any order, writ, judgment, decree, or
injunction.

   3.13 No Defaults. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary is, nor has Diamond or
any Subsidiary received notice that it would be with the passage of time, in
default or violation of any term, condition, or provision of (i) its Charter
Documents; (ii) any judgment, decree, or order applicable to Diamond or such
Subsidiary; or (iii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, or other instrument to which
Diamond or any Subsidiary is now a party or by which it or any of its
properties or assets may be bound, except for defaults and violations which,
individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on
the Business Condition of Diamond.

   3.14 Major Contracts. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary is a party to or
subject to:

    (a) Any union contract, or any employment contract or arrangement (other
 than "at-will" employment arrangements) providing for future compensation,
 written or oral, with any officer, consultant, director, or employee;

    (b) Any plan or contract or arrangement, written or oral, providing for
 bonuses, pensions, deferred compensation, retirement payments, profit-sharing
 or the like;

    (c) Any joint venture contract or arrangement or any other agreement which
 has involved or is expected to involve a sharing of profits;

    (d) Any agreement, license, franchise, permit, indenture, or authorization
 which has not been terminated or performed in its entirety and not renewed
 which may be, by its terms, terminated, impaired, or adversely

                                      A-17

 affected by reason of the execution of this Agreement and all other
 agreements contemplated hereby, the consummation of the Merger, or the
 consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby;

    (e) Except for trade indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of
 business, any instrument evidencing or related in any way to indebtedness
 incurred in the acquisition of companies or other entities or indebtedness
 for borrowed money by way of direct loan, sale of debt securities, purchase
 money obligation, conditional sale, guarantee, or otherwise which
 individually is in the amount of $35,000 or more;

    (f) Any contract or agreement containing covenants purporting to limit
 Diamond's or any Subsidiary's freedom to compete in any line of business in
 any geographic area; or

    (g) Any contract or agreement, not elsewhere specifically disclosed
 pursuant to this Agreement, involving the payment or receipt by Diamond or
 any Subsidiary of more than $35,000 in the aggregate.

   All contracts, arrangements, plans, agreements, leases, licenses,
franchises, permits, indentures, authorizations, instruments and other
commitments which are listed in the Diamond Disclosure Schedule pursuant to
this Section 3.14 are valid and in full force and effect and neither Diamond
nor any Subsidiary has, nor, to the knowledge of Diamond and its Subsidiaries,
has any other party thereto, breached any material provisions of, or entered
into default in any material respect under the terms thereof. Since September
30, 2000, neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary has amended, modified or
terminated the terms of the contracts or agreements referred to in this Section
3.14 unless such amendment, modification or termination was in the ordinary
course of business and Diamond has provided Parent with written notification of
such.

   3.15 Material Reductions. To Diamond's and each of its Subsidiary's
knowledge, none of the parties to any of the contracts identified in the
Diamond Disclosure Schedule pursuant to Section 3.14 have terminated, or in any
way expressed to Diamond or any Subsidiary an intent to reduce or terminate the
amount of its business with Diamond or any Subsidiary in the future.

   3.16 Insurance and Banking Facilities. Section 3.16 of the Diamond
Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and correct list of (i) all contracts
of insurance or indemnity of Diamond or any Subsidiary in force at the date of
this Agreement (including name of insurer or indemnitor, agent, annual premium,
coverage, deductible amounts and expiration date) and (ii) the names and
locations of all banks in which Diamond or any Subsidiary has accounts or safe
deposit boxes, the designation of each such account and safe deposit box, and
the names of all persons authorized to draw on or have access to each such
account and safe deposit box. All premiums and other payments due from Diamond
or any Subsidiary with respect to any such contracts of insurance or indemnity
have been paid, and neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary knows of any fact, act,
or failure to act which has or might cause any such contract to be canceled or
terminated. All known claims for insurance or indemnity have been presented.

   3.17 Employees. Prior to the date hereof, Diamond has provided to Parent, as
of the date hereof, a list of (a) the names, titles, salaries and all other
compensation of all salaried employees of Diamond and its Subsidiaries (such
term meaning permanent and temporary, full-time and part-time employees) and
(b) the wage rates for non-salaried employees of Diamond and its Subsidiaries
(by classification). Any persons engaged by Diamond or any Subsidiary as
independent contractors, rather than employees, have been properly classified
as such and have been so engaged in accordance with all applicable federal,
foreign, state or local laws. No employee has stated to Diamond or any
Subsidiary that such employee intends to resign or retire as a result of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise within six months
after the Closing Date. Hours worked by and payments made to employees of
Diamond and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor
Standards Act or any other applicable federal, foreign, state or local laws
dealing with such matters. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary is nor ever has
been engaged in any dispute or litigation with an employee or former employee
regarding matters pertaining to intellectual property or assignment of
inventions. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary has ever been and, to the
knowledge of Diamond and its Subsidiaries, is not now subject to a union
organizing effort. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary has any written contract
of employment or other employment, severance or similar agreement with

                                      A-18

any of their respective employees or any established policy or practice
relating thereto, and all of its employees are employees-at-will. Neither
Diamond nor any Subsidiary is a party to any pending, or to Diamond's and each
of its Subsidiary's knowledge, threatened, labor dispute. Diamond and each
Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with all applicable federal,
state and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations and requirements
relating to the employment of labor, including but not limited to the
provisions thereof relating to wages, hours, collective bargaining and ensuring
equality of opportunity for employment and advancement of minorities and women.
There are no claims pending, or, to the knowledge of Diamond and its
Subsidiaries, threatened to be brought, in any court or administrative agency
by any former or current employees of Diamond or any Subsidiary for
compensation, pending severance benefits, vacation time, vacation pay or
pension benefits, or any other claim threatened or pending in any court or
administrative agency from any current or former employee or any other Person
arising out of Diamond's or any Subsidiary's status as employer, whether in the
form of claims for employment discrimination, harassment, unfair labor
practices, grievances, wrongful discharge, or otherwise.

   3.18 Employee Benefit Plans. Each Plan (as defined below) covering active,
former, or retired employees of Diamond or any ERISA Affiliate (as defined
below) is listed in Section 3.18 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule. "Plan"
means any employee benefit plan as defined in ERISA (as defined below) and will
also include any employment, severance or similar contract, arrangement or
policy and each plan or arrangement providing for insurance coverage (including
any self-insured arrangements), workers' compensation, disability benefits,
supplemental unemployment benefits, vacation benefits, pension or retirement
benefits or for deferred compensation, profit-sharing, bonuses, phantom stock,
stock options, stock appreciation rights or other forms of incentive
compensation or post-retirement insurance, compensation or benefits. Diamond
has made available to Parent a copy of each Plan, and where applicable, any
related trust agreement, annuity, or insurance contract. All annual reports
(Form 5500) required to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service have been
properly filed on a timely basis, and Diamond has provided copies of the three
most recently filed Forms 5500 for each applicable Plan. Each Plan intended to
be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the
Internal Revenue Service to be so qualified and has remained tax-qualified
during the period from its inception to date, and its related trust is tax-
exempt and has been so since its creation. No Plan is covered by Title IV of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), or
Section 412 of the Code. No "prohibited transaction," as defined in ERISA
Section 406 or Code Section 4975 has occurred with respect to any Plan, unless
such a transaction was exempt from such rules. Each Plan has been maintained
and administered in material compliance with its terms and with the
requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, orders, rules and regulations,
including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, which are applicable to such
Plan. There are no pending or anticipated claims against or otherwise involving
any of the Plans and no suit, action, or other litigation (excluding claims for
benefits incurred in the ordinary course of Plan activities) has been brought
against or with respect to any Plan. All contributions, reserves, or premium
payments to the Plan, accrued to the date hereof have been made or provided
for. Neither Diamond nor any entity which is considered one employer with
Diamond under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA (each, an "ERISA
Affiliate") has ever maintained or contributed to, or incurred or expects to
incur liability with respect to any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or any
"multi-employer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. There
are no restrictions on the rights of Diamond or its ERISA Affiliates to amend
or terminate any Plan without incurring any liability thereunder, other than
benefits that have accrued through the date of termination and any costs of
termination. Since January 1, 1998, there have been no amendments to, written
interpretations of, or announcements (whether or not written) by Diamond or any
ERISA Affiliate relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage
under, any Plan. Neither Diamond nor any of its ERISA Affiliates have any
current or projected liability in respect of post-employment or post-retirement
welfare benefits for retired or former employees other than health care
continuation benefits required to be provided under applicable law. No tax
under Section 4980B or 4980D of the Code has been incurred in respect of any
Plan that is a group health plan, as defined in Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code.

                                      A-19

   3.19 Certain Agreements. Except as contemplated by this Agreement, neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and all other agreements
contemplated hereby, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will: (i) result in any payment by Diamond or any Subsidiary (including,
without limitation, severance, unemployment compensation, parachute payment,
bonus or otherwise) becoming due to any director, employee, or independent
contractor of Diamond or any Subsidiary under any Plan, agreement, or
otherwise, (ii) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Plan or
agreement or (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting
of any such benefits.

   3.20 Guarantees and Suretyships. Neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary has any
powers of attorney outstanding (other than those issued in the ordinary course
of business with respect to Tax matters), and neither Diamond nor any
Subsidiary has any material obligations or liabilities (absolute or contingent)
as guarantor, surety, cosigner, endorser, co-maker, indemnitor, or otherwise
respecting the obligations or liabilities of any Person.

   3.21 Brokers and Finders. Except as set forth on Section 3.21 of the Diamond
Disclosure Schedule, neither Diamond nor any Subsidiary has retained any
broker, finder, or investment banker in connection with this Agreement or any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor does or will Diamond or
any Subsidiary owe any fee or other amount to any broker, finder, or investment
banker in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

   3.22 Environmental Matters. (i) Diamond and its Subsidiaries have complied
with all federal, state and local laws (including, without limitation, case
law, rules, regulations, orders, judgments, decrees, permits, licenses and
governmental approvals) which are intended to protect the environment and/or
human health or safety (collectively, "Environmental Laws"); (ii) neither
Diamond nor any Subsidiary has handled, generated, used, stored, transported or
disposed of any material, substance or waste which is regulated by
Environmental Laws ("Hazardous Materials"), except for reasonable amounts of
ordinary office and/or office-cleaning supplies which have been used in
compliance with Environmental Laws; (iii) there is not now, nor has there ever
been, any underground storage tank or asbestos on any real property owned,
operated or leased by Diamond or any Subsidiary; (iv) neither Diamond nor any
Subsidiary has conducted, nor is it aware of, any environmental investigations,
studies, audits, tests, reviews or analyses, the purpose of which was to
discover, identify, or otherwise characterize the condition of the soil,
groundwater, air or the presence of Hazardous Materials at any real property
owned, operated or leased by Diamond or any Subsidiary; and (v) there are no
"Environmental Liabilities". For purposes of this Agreement, "Environmental
Liabilities" are any claims, demands, or liabilities under Environmental Laws
which (x) arise out of or in any way relate to Diamond's or any Subsidiary's
operations or activities, or any real property at any time owned, operated or
leased by Diamond or any Subsidiary, or any stockholder's use or ownership
thereof, whether vested or unvested, contingent or fixed, actual or potential,
and (y) arise from or relate to actions occurring (including any failure to
act) or conditions existing on or before the Closing Date.

   3.23 Enforceability of Contracts, etc.

    (a) No Person that is a party to any material contract, agreement,
 commitment or plan to which Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party has a valid
 defense, on account of non-performance or malfeasance by Diamond or such
 Subsidiary, which would make any such contracts, agreement, commitment or
 plan not valid and binding upon or enforceable against such parties in
 accordance with their terms, except to the extent such enforceability may be
 subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement
 or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and usual equity
 principles.

    (b) Neither Diamond, nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of Diamond
 and its Subsidiaries, any other Person, is in breach or violation of, or
 default under, any material contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or
 plan to which Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party, and no event or action
 has occurred, is pending, or, to the knowledge of Diamond and its
 Subsidiaries, is threatened, which, after the giving of notice, or the lapse
 of time, or otherwise, would constitute a breach or a default by Diamond or
 any

                                      A-20

 Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of Diamond and its Subsidiaries, any other
 Person, under any material contract, agreement, arrangement, commitment or
 plan to which Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party.

   3.24 Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be
supplied by Diamond specifically for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
the Form S-4 (as defined below) to be filed with the Commission by Parent in
connection with the issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger will (except
to the extent revised or superseded by amendments or supplements contemplated
hereby), at the time the Form S-4 is filed with the Commission, at any time it
is amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the
Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made,
not misleading. The Proxy Statement (as defined below) relating to the special
meeting of the Diamond stockholders will not, at the date it is first mailed to
Diamond's stockholders or at the time of the Diamond stockholders meeting,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects
with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no representation or warranty is
made by Diamond with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference
therein based on information supplied by Parent specifically for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement.

   3.25 Nasdaq National Market. Diamond's Common Stock is listed for quotation
on the Nasdaq Stock Market's National Market (the "Nasdaq National Market")
and, except as set forth on Section 3.25 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule,
Diamond is in compliance with the "continued listing" standards of the Nasdaq
National Market as required for Diamond to maintain its listing on the Nasdaq
National Market.

   3.26 Fairness Opinion. Diamond's Board of Directors has received a true and
correct copy of an opinion from Updata Capital, Inc., dated as of the date
hereof, to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the consideration to be
received by Diamond's stockholders in the Merger is fair to Diamond's
stockholders from a financial point of view.

   3.27 Voting Requirements. The affirmative vote or consent of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Diamond Common Stock (the "Diamond Requisite
Stockholder Approval") is the only vote or consent of the holders of any class
or series of Diamond Stock necessary to approve and adopt this Agreement and
approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   3.28 State Takeover Statutes. The Board of Directors of Diamond has approved
the Merger and this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and such approval is sufficient to render inapplicable to the Merger
and this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
any state takeover statute or similar law that would otherwise be applicable to
the Merger and this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   3.29 No Indemnity Claim. No Person has made or asserted any indemnity claim,
nor, to Diamond's knowledge, is there a basis for any such indemnity claim,
against Diamond or any Subsidiary of Diamond pursuant to that certain Stock
Purchase Agreement dated as of December 28, 2000 by and among Diamond and
Acxiom Corporation or any other contract, agreement or commitment to which
Diamond or any Subsidiary is a party, or under which Diamond or any Subsidiary
is obligated, or by which Diamond or any Subsidiary or any of the rights,
properties or assets of Diamond or any Subsidiary are subject or bound.

                                      A-21

                                   ARTICLE IV

            Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub

   Except as set forth in either the documents delivered to Diamond pursuant to
Section 4.5 or the disclosure schedule of Parent dated as of the date hereof
and delivered herewith to Diamond (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule") which
identifies the section and subsection to which each disclosure therein relates,
Parent and Merger Sub jointly and severally represent and warrant to Diamond as
follows:

   4.1 Organization and Qualification. Parent is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its
properties and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted, and is duly
qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which a
failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on the Business
Condition of Parent. Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, is
recently organized and has conducted no business activities, other than as
contemplated by this Agreement.

   4.2 Capitalization. (a) The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share, of which no
shares are issued or outstanding or held in Parent's treasury, and 100,000,000
shares of Parent Common Stock, of which, as of the date of this Agreement: (a)
27,381,448 shares were validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and
nonassessable and (b) 6,768,739 shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to
Parent's stock option and stock purchase plans for its employees and directors.
Except for options and rights relating to shares described in clause (b) of the
preceding sentence and except as set forth in Section 4.2 of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule or the Parent SEC Reports (as defined in Section 4.5),
there are no options, warrants or other rights, agreements or commitments
(contingent or otherwise) obligating Parent to issue shares of its capital
stock or any other securities convertible into or evidencing the right to
subscribe to shares of its capital stock.

    (b) The authorized capital stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of
 common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which 1,000 shares are issued and
 outstanding, all of which shares are owned beneficially and of record by
 Parent.

   4.3 Authority Relative to this Agreement. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and all other agreements contemplated hereby by
Parent and Merger Sub have been duly authorized by all necessary action of the
Boards of Directors of Parent and Merger Sub and the sole stockholder of Merger
Sub. Certified copies of the resolutions adopted by the Boards of Directors of
Parent and Merger Sub and Parent as sole stockholder of Merger Sub approving
this Agreement, all other agreements contemplated hereby and the Merger have
been or will be provided to Diamond. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has duly and
validly executed and delivered this Agreement and has, or prior to Closing,
will have duly and validly executed and delivered all other agreements
contemplated hereby to be executed by it, and each of this Agreement and such
other agreements constitutes a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of
each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms.

   4.4 Non-Contravention. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of Diamond and the stockholders of Diamond contained in the Letters
of Transmittal and the other agreements contemplated hereby, neither the
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement and all other agreements
contemplated hereby by Parent and Merger Sub, nor the consummation of the
Merger or any other transaction described herein, does or will, after the
giving of notice, or the lapse of time, or otherwise, conflict with, result in
a breach of, or constitute a default under, (i) the Charter Documents of Parent
or Merger Sub or (ii) any federal, foreign, state or local court or
administrative order or process, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation,
or any contract, agreement or commitment to which Parent is a party, or under
which Parent is obligated, or by which Parent or any of the rights, properties
or assets of Parent are subject or bound; result in the creation of any Lien
upon, or otherwise adversely affect, any of the rights, properties or assets of
Parent; terminate, amend or modify, or give any party the right to terminate,
amend, modify, abandon or refuse to perform or comply with,

                                      A-22

any contract, agreement or commitment to which Parent is a party, or under
which Parent is obligated, or by which Parent or any of the rights, properties
or assets of Parent are subject or bound; or accelerate, postpone or modify, or
give any party the right to accelerate, postpone or modify, the time within
which, or the terms and conditions under which, any liabilities, duties or
obligations are to be satisfied or performed, or any rights or benefits are to
be received, under any contract, agreement or commitment to which Parent is a
party, or under which Parent may be obligated, or by which Parent or any of the
rights, properties or assets of Parent are subject or bound, other than any of
the foregoing listed in (ii) which would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Business Condition of Parent.

   4.5 Parent SEC Reports and Financial Statements. (a) Parent has filed all
forms, reports and documents required to be filed by Parent with the SEC since
the effective date of the registration statement for Parent's initial public
offering. Parent has previously furnished to Diamond true and correct copies of
(i) its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, (ii)
its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2000, June
30, 2000 and September 30, 2000, (iii) all other reports filed by it with the
Commission under the Exchange Act since December 31, 1999 and (iv) Parent
hereby agrees to furnish to Diamond true and correct copies of all reports
filed by it with the Commission after the date hereof prior to the Closing all
in the form (including exhibits) so filed (collectively, the "Parent SEC
Reports"). As of their respective dates, the Parent SEC Reports complied or
will comply in all material respects with the then applicable published rules
and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto at the date of their
issuance and did not or will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. As of the date hereof, no additional
filings or amendments to previously filed Parent SEC Reports are required
pursuant to such rules and regulations. Each of the audited consolidated
financial statements and unaudited interim financial statements included in the
Parent SEC Reports has been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated
therein or in the notes thereto) and fairly presents the financial position of
the entity or entities to which it relates as at its date or the results of
operations, stockholders' equity or cash flows of such entity or entities
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to the absence of footnote
disclosure and in the case of unaudited interim statements to year-end
adjustments.

    (b) Parent has delivered to Diamond the unaudited consolidated balance
 sheet (the "Parent Unaudited Balance Sheet") as of December 31, 2000 (the
 "Parent Unaudited Balance Sheet Date") and the unaudited consolidated
 statements of operations for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended
 December 31, 2000 (collectively, the "Unaudited Parent Financial Statements")
 included in Parent's press release dated as of January 30, 2001. The
 Unaudited 2000 Parent Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with
 GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as
 may be indicated therein) and fairly present the consolidated financial
 position of Parent and its Subsidiaries in all material respects as at the
 respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations for
 the periods indicated, except that the Unaudited Parent Financial Statements
 do not contain footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring
 year-end adjustments.

   4.6 Validity of Parent Merger Shares. The Parent Merger Shares to be issued
in the Merger will, when issued, be, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable.

   4.7 Consents and Approvals of Governmental Authorities. Assuming the
accuracy of the representations and warranties of Diamond and the stockholders
of Diamond contained in the Letters of Transmittal and the other agreements
contemplated hereby, except for (a) the requirements of state securities (or
"Blue Sky") laws, (b) the filing and recording of the Merger Documents as
provided by the DGCL, (c) the filing of appropriate documents with the Nasdaq
Stock Market, (d) the filing of the Proxy Statement, the Form S-4 and a Form 8-
K with the Commission, if applicable, and (e) such other consents, approvals,
orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings the failure of
which to be obtained or made, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to impair in any material respect the ability of Parent
or Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement or prevent or
materially delay the consummation

                                      A-23

of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no consent, approval
or authorization of, or declaration, filing or registration with, any
Governmental Entity is required to be made or obtained by Parent or Merger Sub
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

   4.8 Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, investigation, or
proceeding (or any basis therefor known to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries)
pending against or, to the knowledge of Parent and any of its Subsidiaries,
threatened against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or their properties and
assets before any court or arbitrator or any Governmental Entity. Neither
Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any order, writ, judgment,
decree or injunction.

   4.9 No Defaults. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is, nor has
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries received notice that it would be with the
passage of time, in default or violation of any term, condition, or provision
of (i) its Charter Documents; or (ii) any judgment, decree, or order applicable
to Parent.

   4.10 Taxes.

    (a) Parent and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed all material Tax
 Returns required to be filed and has paid all material Taxes owed (whether or
 not shown as due on such Tax Returns), including, without limitation, all
 Taxes which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is obligated to withhold for
 amounts paid or owing to employees, creditors and third parties. All Tax
 Returns filed by Parent and each of its Subsidiaries were complete and
 correct in all material respects. None of the Tax Returns filed by Parent or
 any of its subsidiaries or Taxes payable by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
 have been the subject of an audit, action, suit, proceeding, claim,
 examination, deficiency or assessment by any Governmental Entity, and no such
 audit, action, suit, proceeding, claim, examination, deficiency or assessment
 is currently pending or, to the knowledge of Parent or any of its
 Subsidiaries, threatened. All material elections with respect to Taxes
 affecting Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, as of the date hereof, are set
 forth in the Parent SEC Reports, Parent Unaudited Balance Sheet or Section
 4.10(a) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule. None of the Tax Returns filed by
 Parent or any of its Subsidiaries contain a disclosure statement under former
 Section 6661 of the Code or Section 6662 of the Code (or any similar
 provision of state, local or foreign Tax law).

    (b) The unpaid Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries did not, as of the
 Parent Unaudited Balance Sheet Date, exceed the reserve for actual Taxes (as
 opposed to any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing
 differences between book and Tax income) as shown on the Parent Unaudited
 Balance Sheet, and will not exceed such reserve as adjusted for the passage
 of time through the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and
 practice of Parent and its Subsidiaries in filing their Tax Returns (taking
 into account any Taxes incurred as a result of the transactions contemplated
 by this Agreement).

   4.11 Absence of Certain Changes and Events. Since December 31, 2000, except
as has been disclosed by Parent in any press release or Parent SEC Report,
there has not been any material change (or any development or combination of
developments of which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has knowledge which is
reasonably likely to result in such a material change) on Parent's Business
Condition, other than changes in the ordinary course of business which, in the
aggregate, have not been and are not expected to be materially adverse to
Parent's Business Condition; provided; however that none of the following shall
be deemed, individually or in the aggregate, to constitute a material adverse
change to Parent's Business Condition: (a) any change in the market price or
trading volume of Parent Common Stock after the date hereof; (b) any failure by
Parent to meet the revenue or earnings predictions or other expectations of
equity analysts, any change in the recommendation of equity analysts with
respect to Parent's Common Stock or any decrease in revenues or earnings from
prior periods, for any period ending (or for which earnings are released) on or
after the date of this Agreement; or (c) any adverse effect due to employee
turnover or other attrition in the number of employees of Parent and its
Subsidiaries.

                                      A-24

                                   ARTICLE V

                              Covenants of Diamond

   References in this Article V to Diamond shall be deemed to mean Diamond and
all Subsidiaries of Diamond. During the period from the date of this Agreement
(except as otherwise indicated) and continuing until the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, Diamond agrees (except as
expressly contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise permitted with Parent's
prior written consent):

   5.1 Conduct of Business in Ordinary Course. Diamond will carry on its
business in the ordinary course in substantially the same manner as heretofore
conducted and, to the extent consistent with such business, use all reasonable
best efforts consistent with past practice and policies to preserve intact its
present business organization, keep available the services of its present
officers, consultants and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and distributors and others having business dealings with
it. Diamond will confer on a regular and frequent basis with representatives of
Parent to report operational matters of a material nature and to report the
general status of the ongoing operations of the business of Diamond. The
foregoing notwithstanding, Diamond will not:

    (a) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior
 practice, enter into any material commitment or transaction, including but
 not limited to any purchase of assets (other than raw materials, supplies or
 cash equivalents) for a purchase price in excess of $35,000;

    (b) grant any bonus, severance or termination pay to any officer,
 director, independent contractor or employee of Diamond;

    (c) enter into or amend any agreements pursuant to which any other party
 is granted support, service, marketing or publishing rights, other than in
 the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice, or is granted
 distribution rights of any type or scope with respect to any products of
 Diamond;

    (d) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior
 practice, enter into or terminate any contracts, arrangements, plans,
 agreements, leases, licenses, franchises, permits, indentures,
 authorizations, instruments, or commitments, or amend or otherwise change in
 any material respect the terms thereof in a manner adverse to Diamond;

    (e) commence a lawsuit other than: (i) for the routine collection of
 bills, (ii) in such cases where Diamond in good faith determines that failure
 to commence suit would result in a material impairment of a valuable aspect
 of Diamond's business provided that Diamond consults with Parent prior to
 filing of any such suit, or (iii) for a breach of this Agreement or any
 agreement related hereto;

    (f) modify in any material respect existing discounts or other terms and
 conditions with dealers, distributors and other resellers of Diamond's
 products or services in a manner adverse to Diamond;

    (g) accelerate the vesting or otherwise modify any Diamond Option,
 restricted stock or other outstanding rights or other securities;

    (h) take any action which would cause Diamond to be unable to meet the
 conditions set forth in Section 8.2(a);

    (i) agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the foregoing actions; or

    (j) make or change any material election in respect of Taxes, adopt or
 change any accounting method in respect of Taxes, enter into any closing
 agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, or consent to
 any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or
 assessment in respect of Taxes.

   5.2 Dividends, Issuance of, or Changes in Securities. Diamond will not: (i)
declare or pay any dividends on or make other distributions to its stockholders
(whether in cash, shares or property), (ii) issue, deliver, sell, or authorize,
propose, or agree to, or commit to the issuance, delivery, or sale of any
shares of its

                                      A-25

capital stock of any class, any Diamond Voting Debt or any securities
convertible into its capital stock, any options, warrants, calls, conversion
rights, commitments, agreements, contracts, understandings, restrictions,
arrangements or rights of any character obligating Diamond to issue any such
shares, Diamond Voting Debt or other convertible securities except as any of
the foregoing is required by Outstanding Diamond Options; (iii) split, combine
or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of
any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of
capital stock of Diamond, (iv) repurchase or otherwise acquire, directly or
indirectly, any shares of its capital stock or options or warrants related
thereto, or (v) propose any of the foregoing.

   5.3 Governing Documents. Diamond will not amend its Charter Documents.

   5.4 No Acquisitions. Diamond will not authorize, recommend, propose or
announce an intention to authorize, recommend or propose, or enter into a
letter of intent (whether or not binding), an agreement in principle or an
agreement with respect to any merger, consolidation or business combination
(other than the Merger), or any acquisition of assets or securities.

   5.5 No Dispositions. Diamond will not sell, lease, license, transfer,
mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its material assets or
cancel, release, or assign any material indebtedness or claim, except in the
ordinary course of business.

   5.6 Indebtedness. Diamond will not incur any indebtedness for borrowed money
by way of direct loan, sale of debt securities, purchase money obligation,
conditional sale, guarantee or otherwise.

   5.7 Compensation. Diamond will not adopt or amend, or modify in any material
respect, any Plan or pay any pension or retirement allowance not required by
any existing Plan. Diamond will not enter into or modify any employment or
severance contracts, increase the salaries, wage rates or fringe benefits of
its officers, directors or employees or pay bonuses or other remuneration
except for current salaries, severance and other remuneration for which Diamond
is obligated under arrangements existing prior to the Unaudited Balance Sheet
Date to which Diamond is a party and which have been disclosed in the Diamond
Disclosure Schedule.

   5.8 Claims. Diamond will not settle any claim, action or proceeding, except
in the ordinary course of business consistent with prior practice.

   5.9 Access to Properties and Records. Subject to contractual and other
obligations, Diamond will give Parent and its representatives full access, at a
place reasonably acceptable to Diamond, during reasonable business hours and
following reasonable notice but in such a manner as not unduly to disrupt the
business of Diamond, to its senior management, senior technical personnel,
premises, properties, contracts, commitments, books, records and affairs, and
will provide Parent with such financial, technical and operating data and other
information pertaining to its business as Parent may request. With Diamond's
prior consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, Parent will be entitled
in conjunction with Diamond personnel to make appropriate inquiries of third
parties in the course of its investigation.

   5.10 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Diamond will not take any
action that would cause or constitute a breach of any of the representations
and warranties set forth in Article III or that would cause any of such
representations and warranties to be inaccurate in any material respect or that
would constitute a breach of any of its other obligations under this Agreement.
In the event of, and promptly after becoming aware of, the occurrence of or the
pending or threatened occurrence of any event that would cause or constitute
such a breach or inaccuracy, Diamond will give detailed written notice thereof
to Parent and will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent or remedy
promptly such breach or inaccuracy.

   5.11 Consents. Diamond will promptly apply for or otherwise seek and use
reasonable best efforts to obtain, all Consents, and make all filings with
Governmental Entities, required with respect to the consummation of the Merger.

                                      A-26

   5.12 Tax Returns. Diamond will promptly provide or make available to Parent
copies of all Tax Returns, reports and information statements that have been
filed or are filed prior to the Closing Date.

   5.13 Exclusivity; Acquisition Proposals. Unless and until this Agreement
will have been terminated by either party pursuant to Article IX hereof and
thereafter subject to Section 9.5, Diamond will not and Diamond will use its
reasonable best efforts to ensure that none of its officers, directors,
Significant Stockholders, agents, representatives or affiliates) take or cause
or permit any Person to take, directly or indirectly, any of the following
actions with any party other than Parent and its designees: (i) solicit,
encourage, initiate or participate in any negotiations, inquiries, or
discussions with respect to any offer or proposal to acquire all or any
significant part of Diamond's business, assets or capital stock, whether by
merger, consolidation, other business combination, purchase of assets, tender
or exchange offer or otherwise (each of the foregoing, an "Acquisition
Transaction"), (ii) disclose, in connection with an Acquisition Transaction
(however preliminary), any information not customarily disclosed to any Person
other than Parent or its representatives concerning Diamond's business or
properties or afford to any Person other than Parent or its representatives
access to its properties, books, or records, (iii) enter into or execute any
agreement relating to an Acquisition Transaction, or (iv) make or authorize any
public statement, recommendation or solicitation in support of any Acquisition
Transaction or any offer or proposal relating to an Acquisition Transaction
other than with respect to the Merger. In the event that Diamond is contacted
by any third party expressing an interest in discussing an Acquisition
Transaction, Diamond will promptly, but in any event within twenty-four (24)
hours, notify Parent of such contact and the identity of the party so
contacting Diamond. Diamond shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated
any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted prior to the date of this
Agreement with any parties other than the parties hereto with respect to any of
the foregoing. In the event that Parent or any third party commences a tender
offer for Diamond Stock under Regulations 14D and 14E of the Exchange Act and
only if Parent or such third party commences such a tender offer, then nothing
contained in this Agreement shall prohibit Diamond from taking and disclosing
to the stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under
the Exchange Act or making any disclosure if, in the good faith judgment of the
Board of Directors of Diamond, failure to make such disclosure would be a
breach of its fiduciary duties.

   5.14 Notice of Events. Throughout the period between the date of this
Agreement and the Closing, Diamond will promptly advise and consult with Parent
regarding any and all material events and developments concerning its financial
position, results of operations, assets, liabilities or business or any of the
items or matters concerning Diamond or any of its Subsidiaries covered by the
representations, warranties and covenants of Diamond contained in this
Agreement.

   5.15 Reasonable Best Efforts. Diamond will use its reasonable best efforts
to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby and to fulfill and cause to
be fulfilled the conditions to Closing under this Agreement.

   5.16 Insurance. Diamond will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain in
force at the Effective Time policies of insurance of the same character and
coverage as those described in the Diamond Disclosure Schedule, and Diamond
will promptly notify Parent in writing of any changes in such insurance
coverage occurring prior to the Effective Time.

   5.17 Confidentiality and Assignment of Inventions Agreements. Diamond shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each officer and employee of Diamond
and its Subsidiaries to enter into a confidentiality and assignment of
inventions agreement substantially in the form of such agreement used by Parent
in the country in which such officer or employee performs services for Diamond.
Any officer or employee of Diamond or any Subsidiary who has not entered into
such agreement shall have been terminated by Diamond or such Subsidiary prior
to the Closing.

   5.18 Stock Option Grants. At the request of Parent, Diamond shall grant,
immediately prior to Closing and effective only at Closing, stock options under
Diamond's 1997 Stock Option Plan, in the amounts, upon the terms and to the
parties specifically requested by Parent.

                                      A-27

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              Covenants of Parent

   During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time (or later
where so indicated), Parent and Merger Sub agree (except as expressly
contemplated by this Agreement or with Diamond's prior written consent):

   6.1 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub
will take any action which would cause or constitute a breach of any of the
representations and warranties set forth in Article IV or which would cause any
of such representations and warranties to be inaccurate in any material respect
or that would constitute a breach of any of its other obligations under this
Agreement. In the event of, and promptly after becoming aware of, the
occurrence of or the pending or threatened occurrence of any event which would
cause or constitute such a breach or inaccuracy, Parent will give detailed
written notice thereof to Diamond and will use its reasonable best efforts to
prevent or remedy promptly such breach or inaccuracy.

   6.2 Additional Information; Access. Parent will provide Diamond with the
information relating to Parent referred to in Section 4.5 and the information
relating to Parent to be included in the Form S-4. In addition, Parent will
afford to Diamond, its counsel and its other representatives access throughout
the period prior to the Effective Time to its senior management and all other
information concerning Parent as Diamond may reasonably request. Diamond will
also be afforded the opportunity to ask questions and to receive accurate and
complete answers from Parent concerning the Business Condition of Parent, the
terms and conditions of the Merger and the issuance of the Parent Merger Shares
pursuant thereto.

   6.3 Consents. Parent will promptly apply for or otherwise seek, and use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain, all consents and approvals, and make
filings, required with respect to the consummation of the Merger.

   6.4 Reasonable Best Efforts. Each of Parent and Merger Sub will use its
reasonable best efforts to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby and
to fulfill and cause to be fulfilled the conditions to Closing under this
Agreement.

   6.5 Nasdaq National Market Listing.  Parent will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Parent Merger Shares to be listed for quotation on the
Nasdaq National Market.

   6.6 Notice of Events. Throughout the period between the date of this
Agreement and the Closing, Parent will promptly advise and consult with Diamond
regarding any and all material adverse change to the representations,
warranties and covenants of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                             Additional Agreements

   In addition to the foregoing, Parent, Merger Sub, and Diamond each agree to
take the following actions simultaneous with or after, as the case may be, the
execution of this Agreement.

   7.1 Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement; Stockholders
Meeting. (a) Diamond shall use its reasonable best efforts to hold one or more
special meetings of stockholders in accordance with the applicable requirements
of the DGCL and to obtain the Diamond Requisite Stockholder Approval to enable
the Merger to be effective on the Closing Date (determined without regard to
the condition to closing in Section 8.2(g)). Parent shall use its reasonable
efforts to prepare, with the assistance and cooperation of Diamond, a
Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the "Form S-4") to allow sufficient time
for the Merger to be effective on the Closing Date. The Form S-4 shall
constitute a proxy and a prospectus and shall be used for purposes of offering
the Parent Merger Shares to the stockholders of Diamond and soliciting proxies
from such Diamond stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the Diamond
Requisite Stockholder

                                      A-28

Approval (such proxy/prospectus statement, together with the accompanying
letter to stockholders, notice of meeting and form of proxy shall be referred
to herein as the "Proxy Statement"). Diamond agrees to fully cooperate with
Parent in the preparation of the Form S-4, and shall, upon request, furnish
Parent with all information concerning it and its affiliates, directors,
officers and stockholders as Parent may reasonably request in connection with
the preparation of the Form S-4. Diamond shall prepare the portions of the Form
S-4 relating to Diamond and its Subsidiaries including, but not limited to,
financial information, management of Diamond, description of Diamond's
business, executive compensation of the Diamond, the recommendation of
Diamond's Board of Directors, the notice of special meeting of the Diamond
stockholders, the Diamond proxy card, appraisal rights, risk factors relating
to Diamond, and Diamond portions of background of the Merger, reasons for the
Merger, interests of certain persons in the Merger and security ownership of
certain beneficial owners and management. No filing of, or amendment or
supplement to, the Form S-4 will be made by Parent and no amendment or
supplement to the Proxy Statement will be made by Parent or Diamond without
providing the other party the opportunity to review and comment thereon. Parent
will advise Diamond, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time
when the Form S-4 has become effective or any supplement or amendment has been
filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of the qualification of
the Parent Merger Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or any
request by the Commission for amendment of the Proxy Statement or the Form S-4
or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the Commission for
additional information. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any
information relating to Parent or Diamond or any of their respective
affiliates, officers or directors, should be discovered by the Parent or
Diamond which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any of the
Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement, so that any of such documents would not
include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, the party which discovers such
information shall promptly notify the other party hereto and an appropriate
amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed
with the Commission, and to the extent required by law, disseminated to the
stockholders of Diamond. If the Commission requires a Tax opinion in connection
with the filing of the Form S-4, Diamond shall cause Garvey, Schubert & Barer,
counsel to Diamond, to provide such opinion in the form required by the
Commission. The issuance of such opinion shall be conditioned upon the receipt
by Garvey, Schubert & Barer of customary representation letters from each of
Diamond and Parent in a form reasonably agreed to by the parties.

    (b) Parent shall file the Form S-4 with the Commission and shall, with the
 assistance of Diamond, promptly respond to any comments from the Commission
 on the Form S-4 and shall otherwise use its best efforts to have the Form S-4
 declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable.
 Promptly following such time as the Form S-4 is declared effective, Diamond
 shall distribute the Proxy Statement to its stockholders. Parent shall comply
 with all applicable provisions of and rules under the Securities Act and the
 Exchange Act and state securities laws in the preparation and filing of the
 Form S-4 and the offering and issuance of the Parent Merger Shares. Parent
 shall also ensure that any Form S-4 filed by Parent does not contain an
 untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
 to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
 misleading (provided that Parent shall not be responsible for the accuracy
 and completeness of information relating to Diamond or any of its
 Subsidiaries or any other information furnished by Diamond specifically for
 inclusion in the Form S-4).

    (c) Diamond shall ensure that the Proxy Statement does not contain an
 untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact required
 to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statement made, under
 the circumstances under which it is made, not misleading (provided that
 Diamond shall not be responsible for the accuracy or completeness of any
 information relating to Parent or furnished by Parent specifically for
 inclusion in the Form S-4 or Proxy Statement).

    (d) Diamond, acting through its Board of Directors, shall include in the
 Proxy Statement the unanimous recommendation of its Board of Directors
 eligible to vote on such matters, and who participated in the meeting of the
 Board of Directors during which such matters were voted on, that its
 stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval
 of the Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligation set forth in the
 foregoing sentence shall not apply (and the Board of Directors shall be
 permitted

                                      A-29

 to modify or withdraw any such recommendation previously made) if the Board
 of Directors of Diamond concludes in good faith, upon the written advice of
 its outside legal counsel, that fulfilling the obligations in the foregoing
 sentence would violate the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors under
 applicable law; provided, however, that nothing shall limit the obligation of
 Diamond to otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to fulfill all of its
 obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation, Diamond's
 obligations under Section 7.1(a) and (c).

   7.2 Legal Conditions to the Merger. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and Diamond
will use all reasonable best efforts to take actions necessary to comply
promptly with all legal requirements which may be imposed on it with respect to
the Merger. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and Diamond will use all reasonable best
efforts to take all actions to obtain (and to cooperate with the other parties
in obtaining) any consent required to be obtained or made by Diamond, Merger
Sub or Parent in connection with the Merger, or the taking of any action
contemplated thereby or by this Agreement.

   7.3 Employee Benefits. Nothing contained herein will be considered as
requiring Diamond or Parent to continue any specific plan or benefit, or to
confer upon any employee, beneficiary, dependent, legal representative or
collective bargaining agent of such employee any right or remedy of any nature
or kind whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, including without
limitation any right to employment or to continued employment for any specified
period, at any specified location or under any specified job category, except
as specifically provided for in an offer letter or other agreement of
employment. It is specifically understood that continued employment with
Diamond or employment with Parent is not offered or implied for any employees
of Diamond and any continuation of employment with Diamond after the Closing
will be at will except as specifically provided otherwise in an offer letter or
other agreement of employment.

   7.4 Expenses. Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, including investment banking, legal and
accounting expenses, will be paid by the party incurring such expense;
provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 7.4 shall not be
construed to relieve a party from liability resulting from such party's breach
of this Agreement.

   7.5 Additional Agreements. In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is reasonably necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes
of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full title to all
properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of Diamond,
the proper officers and directors of each corporation which is a party to this
Agreement will take all such necessary action.

   7.6 Public Announcements. The initial press release relating to this
Agreement shall be a joint press release, the text of which has been agreed to
by each of Parent and Diamond. Thereafter, neither Parent nor Diamond will
directly or indirectly disseminate any press release or other announcement
concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein to any third
party (except to the directors, officers and employees of the parties to this
Agreement whose direct involvement is necessary for the consummation of the
transactions contemplated under this Agreement, to the attorneys, advisors and
accountants of the parties hereto, or except as either Parent or Diamond
determine in good faith to be required by applicable law after consultation
with the other) without the prior written agreement of the other party.

   7.7 Confidentiality. Diamond and Parent have entered into a Mutual
Nondisclosure Agreement dated November 17, 2000 concerning each party's
obligations to protect the confidential information of the other party. Diamond
and Parent each hereby affirm each of their obligations under such agreement.
If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article IX hereof, Parent
will, and will cause its accountants, counsel and other representatives to
deliver to Diamond all documents and other material, and all copies thereof,
obtained by Parent or on its behalf from Diamond in connection with this
Agreement, whether so obtained before or after the execution hereof, and will
not disclose any such information or documents to any third parties or make any
use of such. If this Agreement is terminated in accordance with Article IX
hereof,

                                      A-30

Diamond will, and will cause its accountants, counsel and other representatives
to, deliver to Parent all documents and other material, and all copies thereof,
obtained by Diamond or on its behalf or by a Significant Stockholder from
Parent in connection with this Agreement, whether so obtained before or after
the execution hereof, and will not disclose any such information or documents
to any third parties or make any use of such.

   7.8 Diamond Voting Agreement. Simultaneous with the execution of this
Agreement, Diamond will cause the voting agreement in the form attached as
EXHIBIT 7.8 (the "Diamond Voting Agreement") to be executed by all directors,
officers, affiliates and holders of 10% or more of the capital stock of Diamond
and their affiliates, and delivered to Parent.

   7.9 Hart-Scott-Rodino Filing. If and to the extent applicable, Parent and
Diamond agree to file, and to cause any other Person obligated to do so as a
result of such person's stock holdings in Parent or Diamond, a Notification and
Report Form in accordance with the notification requirements of the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the rules and regulations
thereunder (collectively, the "HSR Act") with the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and to use
its and their reasonable best efforts to achieve the prompt termination or
expiration of the waiting period or any extension thereof provided for under
the HSR Act as a prerequisite to the consummation of the transactions provided
for herein.

   7.10 Parent Option.  Simultaneous with the execution of this Agreement,
Diamond will issue to Parent an option in the form attached as EXHIBIT 7.10
(the "Parent Option") exercisable, upon the consummation of an Acquisition
Transaction with a party other than Parent, for such number of shares of
Diamond Common Stock as is equal to 19.9% of the issued and outstanding shares
of Diamond Common Stock on the date of the execution of this Agreement, at an
exercise price per share equal to the product of the Conversion Ratio
multiplied by the Parent Average Closing Price.

   7.11 Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

   (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation
each agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless in accordance with the
Charter Documents of Diamond as of the date hereof, and subject to the
limitations of the DGCL and the Charter Documents of Diamond, each present and
past director and officer of Diamond (individually, a "Diamond Indemnitee" and
collectively, the "Diamond Indemnitees") regardless of whether the Surviving
Corporation's Charter Documents are effective after the Closing.

    Notwithstanding the above, the Diamond Indemnitees shall not be entitled
 to indemnification by Parent relating to any breach of Diamond's
 representations and warranties and other obligations contained in this
 Agreement.

    (b) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, and the Surviving
 Corporation agrees to, for not less than three years immediately following
 the Effective Time, maintain in effect for the directors and officers of
 Diamond as of the date hereof (the "Diamond Indemnitees") the current
 policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary
 liability insurance maintained by Diamond immediately prior to the Effective
 Time with respect to matters occurring at or prior to the Effective Time
 (including, without limitation, the transactions contemplated by this
 Agreement); provided that in no event shall Parent or the Surviving
 Corporation be required to expend in excess of 150% of the annual premium
 currently paid by the Company for such coverage; and provided further, if the
 premium exceeds such amount, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall
 purchase a policy with the greatest coverage available for such 150% of the
 annual premium. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent may substitute
 therefore policies of substantially the same coverage containing terms and
 conditions which are no less advantageous, in any material respect, to the
 Diamond Indemnitees.

    (c) The rights of each Diamond Indemnitee hereunder shall be in addition
 to any other rights such indemnified party has under the Certificate of
 Incorporation or Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, under the DGCL or
 otherwise. This Section 7.11 is intended to benefit each of the Diamond
 Indemnitees and shall be binding to all successors and assigns of Parent,
 Merger Sub and the Surviving Corporation.

                                      A-31

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                              Conditions Precedent

   8.1 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger will be subject to
the satisfaction prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

    (a) Governmental Approvals. Other than the filing of the Merger Documents
 with the Secretary of State of Delaware, all statutory requirements and all
 Consents of Governmental Entities legally required for the consummation of
 the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will have been
 filed, occurred, or been obtained, other than such Consents for which the
 failure to obtain would not have a material adverse effect on the
 consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby or
 on the Business Condition of Parent or Diamond. If and to the extent
 applicable, the filing and waiting period requirements under the HSR Act will
 have been complied with and will have expired or terminated.

    (b) No Restraints. No statute, rule or regulation, and no final and
 nonappealable order, decree or injunction will have been enacted, entered,
 promulgated or enforced by any court or Governmental Entity of competent
 jurisdiction which enjoins or prohibits the consummation of the Merger.

    (c) Quotation. The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to Diamond's
 stockholders as contemplated by this Agreement shall have been approved for
 quotation on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to official notice of
 issuance.

    (d) Form S-4. The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
 Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings
 seeking a stop order.

   8.2 Conditions of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of
Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of
the following conditions unless waived by Parent and Merger Sub:

    (a) Representations and Warranties of Diamond. The representations and
 warranties of Diamond set forth in this Agreement which are qualified as to
 materiality shall have been true and correct, and the representations and
 warranties of Diamond which are not qualified as to materiality shall have
 been true and correct in all material respects, in each case, as of the date
 of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made at and as of
 the Effective Time, except (i) as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement,
 (ii) as a result of actions taken or not taken at the direction of or after
 consultation with and written concurrence of Parent and (iii) for
 representations and warranties specifically limited to an earlier date(s).
 Parent will have received a certificate signed by the chief executive officer
 and the chief financial officer of Diamond to such effect on the Closing
 Date.

    (b) Performance of Obligations of Diamond. Diamond will have performed in
 all respects all agreements and covenants required to be performed by them
 under this Agreement prior to the Closing Date except (i) as otherwise
 contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as a result of actions
 taken or not taken at the direction of or after consultation with and written
 concurrence of Parent, and (iii) for such failures to perform which,
 individually or in the aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on
 the Business Condition of Diamond and Parent will have received a certificate
 signed by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of
 Diamond to such effect on the Closing Date.

    (c) Legal Action. There will not be overtly threatened or pending any
 action, proceeding or other application before any court or Governmental
 Entity brought by any Person or Governmental Entity: (i) challenging or
 seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the transactions
 contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking to obtain any damages from Parent,
 Merger Sub or Diamond as a result of such transactions; or (ii) seeking to
 prohibit or impose any limitations on Parent's ownership or operation of all
 or any portion of Diamond's business or assets, or to compel Parent to
 dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of its or Diamond's business
 or assets as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement

                                      A-32

 which if successful would have a material adverse effect on Parent's ability
 to receive the anticipated benefits of the Merger and the employment of the
 individuals referenced in Section 8.2(d).

    (d) Opinion of Counsel. Parent will have received an opinion dated as of
 the Closing Date of Garvey, Schubert & Barer, counsel to Diamond, in form and
 scope reasonably satisfactory to Parent and its counsel.

    (e) Consents. Parent will have received duly executed copies of all
 Consents specified in Section 3.4 of the Diamond Disclosure Schedule, and
 there will not be any material Consents which have not been received and are
 required to be disclosed in Diamond Disclosure Schedule which have not been
 so disclosed, in each case except for such thereof as Parent and Diamond will
 have agreed in writing will not be obtained.

    (f) Termination of Rights and Certain Securities. Any registration rights,
 rights of refusal, voting rights, rights to any liquidation preference or
 redemption rights relating to any security of Diamond will have been
 terminated or waived or satisfied as of the Closing.

    (g) Stockholder Approvals. This Agreement and the Merger will have been
 approved by stockholders comprising the Diamond Requisite Stockholder
 Approval.

    (h) Dissenters. Holders of not more than 4% of the Outstanding Diamond
 Shares shall have exercised appraisal rights with respect to the Merger.

    (i) Termination of 401k Plan. The Diamond Board of Directors will have
 passed and not rescinded resolutions satisfactory to Parent's counsel
 effectively terminating Diamond's 401(k) Plan immediately prior to the
 Closing.

    (j) Corporate Proceedings Satisfactory. All corporate and other
 proceedings to be taken by Diamond in connection with the transactions
 contemplated hereby and all documents incident thereto will be satisfactory
 in form and substance to Parent and its counsel, and Parent and its counsel
 will have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other
 copies of such documents as they reasonably may request.

    (k) Letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Parent shall have received a
 letter dated as of a date not more than two days prior to the date that the
 Form S-4 is declared effective and shall have received a subsequent similar
 letter dated as of a date not more than two days prior to the Effective Time,
 from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, auditors for Diamond, addressed to Parent in
 a customary form reasonably satisfactory to Parent, containing statements and
 information of the type ordinarily included in an accountants' "comfort
 letters" with respect to the financial statements and financial information
 of Diamond included in the Form S-4.

    (l) Parent Option. Parent will have received, and Diamond will have issued
 to Parent, the Parent Option.

    (m) Resignations. Parent will have received from Diamond the resignations
 of all officers and directors of Diamond and its Subsidiaries from their
 positions with Diamond or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, unless
 otherwise specified by Parent.

    (n) Audited 2000 Financial Statements. The consolidated financial position
 of Diamond and its Subsidiaries and the consolidated results of their
 operations and cash flows presented in the Audited 2000 Financial Statements
 delivered to Parent after the date of this Agreement will not differ
 materially from the consolidated financial position of Diamond and its
 Subsidiaries and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows
 presented in the Unaudited 2000 Financial Statements.

   8.3 Conditions of Obligation of Diamond. The obligation of Diamond to effect
the Merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions unless
waived by Diamond:

    (a) Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub. The
 representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this
 Agreement which are qualified as to materiality shall have been true and
 correct, and the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub
 which are not qualified as to materiality shall have been true and correct in
 all material respects, in each case, as of the date

                                      A-33

 of this Agreement and as of the Effective Time as though made at and as of
 the Effective Time, except (i) as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement,
 (ii) as a result of actions taken or not taken at the direction of or after
 consultation with and written concurrence of Diamond and (iii) for
 representations and warranties specifically limited to an earlier date(s).
 Diamond will have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by a duly
 authorized officer of Parent to such effect on the Closing Date.

    (b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger
 Sub will have performed in all respects all agreements and covenants required
 to be performed by them under this Agreement prior to the Closing Date except
 (i) as otherwise contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, (ii) as a
 result of actions taken or not taken at the direction of or after
 consultation with and written concurrence of Diamond, and (iii) for such
 failures to perform which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
 material adverse effect on the Business Condition of Parent and Diamond will
 have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by officers of Parent
 to such effect.

    (c) Opinion of Parent's Counsel. Diamond will have received an opinion
 dated the Closing Date of Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP, in form and scope
 reasonably satisfactory to Diamond and its counsel.

    (d) Legal Action. There will not be overtly threatened or pending any
 action, proceeding or other application before any court or Governmental
 Entity brought by any Person or Governmental Entity: (i) challenging or
 seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the transactions
 contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking to obtain any damages from Diamond
 as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii)
 restricting in any way the receipt, ownership, or ability to dispose of the
 consideration to be received by any stockholder of Diamond in the
 transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that Diamond
 will automatically be deemed to waive this condition if Parent agrees to
 indemnify, defend and hold any such named party harmless against any such
 action.

    (e) Audited 2000 Financial Statements. The consolidated financial position
 of Parent and its Subsidiaries and the consolidated results of their
 operations presented in the audited consolidated balance sheet dated as of
 December 31, 2000 and the audited consolidated statement of income for the
 twelve-month period ended December 31, 2000, respectively, delivered to
 Diamond after the date of this Agreement will not differ materially from the
 consolidated financial position of Parent and its Subsidiaries and the
 consolidated results of their operations presented in the Unaudited Parent
 2000 Financial Statements.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                  Termination

   9.1 Mutual Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
the Effective Time by the written consent of Parent, Merger Sub and Diamond.

   9.2 Termination by Parent. This Agreement may be terminated by Parent
(provided that it is not then in material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement) alone, by means of
written notice to Diamond, if there has been a material breach by Diamond of
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement
or other ancillary agreements, which breach would result in a failure to
satisfy the closing conditions contained in Section 8.2 and has not been cured
within five (5) business days following receipt by Diamond of notice of such
breach.

   9.3 Termination by Diamond. (a) This Agreement may be terminated by Diamond
by means of written notice to Parent if it shall have failed to obtain the
Diamond Requisite Stockholder Approval by June 30, 2001.

    (b) This Agreement may be terminated by Diamond (provided that it is not
 then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
 agreement contained in this Agreement) alone, by means of written notice to
 Parent, if there has been a material breach by Parent of any representation,
 warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the Agreement or other ancillary
 agreements, which breach would result in a failure to

                                      A-34

 satisfy the closing conditions contained in Section 8.3 and has not been
 cured within five (5) business days following receipt by Parent of notice of
 such breach.

   9.4 Outside Date. This Agreement may be terminated by Parent alone or by
Diamond alone by means of written notice if the Effective Time does not occur
on or prior to July 16, 2001; provided, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to the preceding clause will not be available to any
party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has been a
significant cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Effective Time to
occur on or before such date.

   9.5 Termination Fee. (a) If (i) this Agreement shall be terminated by
Diamond pursuant to Section 9.3(a) or by Parent or Diamond pursuant to Section
9.4 and (ii) Diamond's Board of Directors shall have failed to recommend that
its stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the
approval of the Merger or shall have recommended that the Diamond stockholders
vote in favor of an Acquisition Transaction with a party other than Parent
(each, an "Acquiring Party"), then Diamond shall pay to Parent a termination
fee equal to $600,000 (the "Termination Fee"). The Termination Fee shall be
paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
by Parent within 24 hours after any such termination pursuant to Section 9.3(a)
or 9.4, as the case may be.

    (b) If (i) this Agreement shall be terminated by (x) Parent or Diamond
 pursuant to Section 9.4 or (y) Diamond pursuant to Section 9.3(a) and
 Diamond's Board of Directors shall have recommended to its stockholders that
 such stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the
 approval of the Merger and (ii) Diamond consummates an Acquisition
 Transaction with an Acquiring Party on or prior to the nine month anniversary
 of the date of any such termination pursuant to Section 9.4 or 9.3(a), as the
 case may be, then Diamond shall pay to Parent the Termination Fee. The
 Termination Fee shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds
 to an account designated by Parent simultaneously with the consummation of
 such Acquisition Transaction.

    (c) If this Agreement shall be terminated by Parent pursuant to Section
 9.2, then Diamond shall pay to Parent the Termination Fee. The Termination
 Fee shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an
 account designated by Parent within 24 hours after any such termination
 pursuant to Section 9.2.

    (d) If this Agreement shall be terminated by Diamond pursuant to Section
 9.3(b), then Parent shall pay to Diamond the Termination Fee. The Termination
 Fee shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an
 account designated by Diamond within 24 hours after any such termination
 pursuant to Section 9.3(b).

   9.6 Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by
either Diamond or Parent as provided in this Article, this Agreement will
forthwith become void and have no effect, and there will be no liability or
obligation on the part of Parent, Diamond, Merger Sub or their respective
officers or directors, except that (i) the provisions of Sections 7.4, 7.6,
7.7, 9.5 and 10.2 will survive any such termination and abandonment, and (ii)
no party will be released or relieved from any liability arising from the
willful breach by such party prior to termination of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements as set forth in this
Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE X

                                 Miscellaneous

   10.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits, schedules and
other agreements delivered pursuant to this Agreement contain all of the terms
and conditions agreed upon by the parties relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations,
correspondence, undertakings and communications of the parties, whether oral or
written, respecting that subject matter.

                                      A-35

   10.2 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. The Merger will be governed by
the DGCL to the extent applicable, and all other aspects of this Agreement will
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware. Legal proceedings
relating to this Agreement, the agreements executed in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby that are commenced
against Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation may be commenced only
in the state or federal courts in the State of Delaware. Any such legal
proceedings that are commenced against Diamond may be commenced only in the
state or federal courts in the State of Delaware. Each of the parties hereby
consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate
appellate courts) in any such action or proceeding and waives any objection to
venue laid therein. The foregoing provisions will not be construed to preclude
any party from bringing a counter-claim in any action or proceeding properly
commenced in accordance with the foregoing provisions. Process in any such
action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world.

   10.3 Notices. All notices, requests, demands or other communications which
are required or may be given pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will be in
writing and will be deemed to have been duly given: (i) on the date of delivery
if personally delivered by hand, (ii) upon the third day after such notice is
deposited in the United States mail, if mailed by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) upon the date scheduled for
delivery after such notice is sent by a nationally recognized overnight express
courier or (iv) by fax upon written confirmation (including the automatic
confirmation that is received from the recipient's fax machine) of receipt by
the recipient of such notice:

   If to Parent or Merger Sub
                         Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.
                         950 Winter Street
                         Waltham, Massachusetts 02451
                         Attention: Margaret A. Shukur, Esq.
                         Telephone No.: (781) 434-6000
                         Fax No.: (781) 434-6034

                         With a copy to:
                         Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP
                         125 High Street
                         Boston, Massachusetts 02110
                         Attention: Kenneth J. Gordon, Esq.
                         Telephone No.: (617) 248-7000
                         Fax No.: (617) 248-7100

   If to Diamond:        Data Dimensions, Inc.
                         Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor
                         3535 Factoria Boulevard SE
                         Bellevue, Washington 98006
                         Attention: Chief Executive Officer
                         Telephone No.: (425) 688-1000
                         Fax No.: (425) 688-1099

                         With a copy to:
                         Garvey, Schubert & Barer
                         1191 Second Avenue, Suite 1800
                         Seattle, Washington 98101-2939
                         Attention: Bruce A. Robertson, Esq.
                         Telephone No.: (206) 464-3939
                         Fax No.: (206) 464-0125

   Such addresses may be changed, from time to time, by means of a notice given
in the manner provided in this Section 10.3.

                                      A-36

   10.4 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable for any reason, it will be modified rather than voided, if
possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to this Agreement to
the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement will
be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent.

   10.5 Non-Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement, including the exhibits and schedules
delivered pursuant to this Agreement, shall terminate at the Closing, and only
the covenants that by their terms survive the Closing shall survive the
Closing.

   10.6 Assignment. No party to this Agreement may assign, by operation of law
or otherwise, all or any portion of its rights, obligations, or liabilities
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Diamond, Merger Sub
and Parent, which consent may be withheld in the absolute discretion of the
party asked to grant such consent. Any attempted assignment by Merger Sub or
Parent, on the one hand, or by Diamond, on the other hand, in violation of this
Section 10.6 will be voidable and will entitle Diamond or Parent, respectively,
to terminate this Agreement at its option.

   10.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more partially
or fully executed counterparts each of which will be deemed an original and
will bind the signatory, but all of which together will constitute but one and
the same instrument. The execution and delivery of a Signature Page to
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization in the form annexed to this Agreement,
including a facsimile copy of the actual signature, by any party hereto who
will have been furnished the final form of this Agreement will constitute the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party.

   10.8 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing executed by Diamond, Merger Sub and Parent.

   10.9 Extension, Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party
hereto may, to the extent legally allowed: (i) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of any other party hereto
to the party extending such time, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties made to such party contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto, and (iii) waive compliance with any of the
agreements, covenants or conditions for the benefit of such party contained
herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or
waiver will be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of such party.

   10.10 Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference will be to a Section, Exhibit
or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The words "include,"
"includes," and "including" when used therein will be deemed in each case to be
followed by the words "without limitation." The , index to
defined terms, and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement.

   10.11 Transfer, Sales, Documentary, Stamp and Other Similar Taxes. Any and
all transfer, sales, documentary, stamp and other similar Taxes imposed in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be paid by
the stockholder of Diamond with respect to which such Tax relates. At Parent's
discretion, the amount paid to any Person pursuant to this Agreement will be
reduced by the amount of Taxes payable by such Person pursuant to this Section
10.11. Any amounts so withheld will be promptly remitted to the appropriate
Governmental Entity.

        (THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.)

                                      A-37

                               Signature Page to
                      Agreement and Plan of Reorganization

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and, Diamond have executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above.

Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.             Data Dimensions, Inc.

           /s/ Rory J. Cowan                        /s/ Peter A. Allen
By___________________________________     By___________________________________
             Rory J. Cowan                            Peter A. Allen
        Chief Executive Officer                 Chief Executive Officer and
                                                         President

Diamond Acquisition Corp.

           /s/ Rory J. Cowan
By___________________________________
             Rory J. Cowan
      Chief Executive Officer and
               President

                                      A-38

                               AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

   AMENDMENT NO. 1 dated as of March 16, 2001 by and among Lionbridge
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Diamond Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger
Sub"), and Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Diamond").

   WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub and Diamond are parties to that certain
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of March 8, 2001 (the "Merger
Agreement") and desire to amend such Merger Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, and in consideration of the
premises and the agreements herein contained, Parent, Merger Sub and Diamond
agree as follows:

     1. Effective upon the signing of this Amendment No. 1 by the parties
  hereto, the first sentence of Section 1.3 of the Merger Agreement shall be
  amended to replace the date "June 30, 2001" with the date "July 31, 2001."

     2. Effective upon the signing of this Amendment No. 1 by the parties
  hereto, Section 9.3(a) of the Merger Agreement shall be amended to replace
  the date "June 30, 2001" with the date "July 31, 2001."

     3. Effective upon the signing of this Amendment No. 1 by the parties
  hereto, Section 9.4 of the Merger Agreement shall be amended to replace the
  date "July 16, 2001" with the date "July 31, 2001."

     4. All capitalized terms used but not specifically defined herein shall
  have the same meanings given such terms in the Merger Agreement.

     5. Except as amended hereby, the Merger Agreement shall remain unchanged
  and in full force and effect.

     6. This Amendment No. 1 may be executed in two or more partially or
  fully executed counterparts each of which will be deemed an original and
  will bind the signatory, but all of which together will constitute but one
  and the same instrument.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                      A-39

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment No. 1 as of
the date and year first above written.

Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.             Data Dimensions, Inc.

        /s/ Stephen J. Lifshatz                     /s/ Peter A. Allen
By: _________________________________     By: _________________________________
Name: Stephen J. Lifshatz                 Name: Peter A. Allen
Title: Senior Vice President, Chief       Title: Chief Executive Officer and
    Financial Officer and Treasurer       President

Diamond Acquisition Corp.

        /s/ Stephen J. Lifshatz
By: _________________________________
Name: Stephen J. Lifshatz
Title: Chief Financial Officer and
    Treasurer

                                      A-40

                                                                         ANNEX B

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

   VOTING AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of March 8, 2001, between the
undersigned stockholder (the "Stockholder") of Data Dimensions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Buyer").

   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company,
Buyer and Diamond Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer
("Sub"), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (as the same
may be amended from time to time, the "Merger Agreement"), providing for the
merger (the "Merger") of Sub with and into the Company pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement; and

   WHEREAS, upon consummation of the Merger, the stockholders of the Company
will receive a number of shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of
Buyer ("Buyer Common Stock") for each share of capital stock of the Company
owned by them.

   WHEREAS, the Stockholder owns of record and beneficially shares of capital
stock of the Company as set forth on Schedule I hereto (the "Shares"); and

   WHEREAS, in order to induce Buyer to enter into the Merger Agreement, the
Stockholder has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, to vote the Shares and to deliver an irrevocable proxy to Buyer to vote
the Shares at a meeting of the Company's stockholders, in favor of approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger.

   NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt,
sufficiency and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

   1. Agreement to Vote Shares. The Stockholder agrees during the term of this
Agreement to vote the Shares, in person or by proxy, in favor of approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger at every meeting of the
stockholders of the Company at which such matters are considered and at every
adjournment thereof. The Stockholder agrees to deliver to Buyer upon request
prior to any vote contemplated by the previous sentence a proxy substantially
in the form attached hereto as Annex A (a "Proxy"), which Proxy shall be
irrevocable during the term of this Agreement to the extent permitted under
Delaware law, and Buyer agrees to vote the Shares subject to such Proxy in
favor of approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger.

   If, at any time prior to the expiration of this Agreement, Stockholder, or a
representative of Stockholder, is a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company or an officer of the Company, subject to the Merger Agreement, nothing
in this Agreement shall limit or restrict such director or officer from (i)
acting in his capacity as a director or officer, as the case may be, of the
Company and (ii) exercising his fiduciary duties and responsibilities. It is
understood that this Agreement shall apply to the Stockholder solely in its
capacity as a stockholder and shall not apply to the director's or officer's
actions, judgments or decisions as a director or officer of the Company.

   2. No Voting Trusts. The Stockholder agrees that the Stockholder will not,
nor will the Stockholder permit any entity under the Stockholder's control to,
deposit any of the Shares in a voting trust or subject any of its Shares to any
arrangement with respect to the voting of the Shares inconsistent with this
Agreement.

   3. Limitation on Dispositions and Proxies. During the term of this
Agreement, the Stockholder agrees not to sell, pledge, assign, encumber,
dispose of or otherwise transfer (including by merger, testamentary
disposition, interspousal disposition pursuant to a domestic relations
proceeding or otherwise by operation of law) ("transfer") any of the Shares or
any New Shares (as defined below), or to make any offer or agreement relating
thereto at any time prior to the expiration of this Agreement. The foregoing
restrictions shall not

prohibit a transfer of Shares or New Shares to a trust for the benefit of the
Stockholder or a transfer of Shares or New Shares upon the death of the
Stockholder, provided, however, that any transferee with respect to such
transfer shall, as a precondition to such transfer, agree in a writing
delivered to Buyer, to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
The Stockholder agrees that any share of capital stock of the Company that the
Stockholder purchases or with respect to which the Stockholder otherwise
acquires beneficial ownership after the date of this Agreement shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the same extent as if such
shares constituted Shares.

   4. Specific Performance. Each party acknowledges that it will be impossible
to measure in money the damage to the other party if a party hereto fails to
comply with the obligations imposed by this Agreement, and that, in the event
of any such failure, the other party will not have an adequate remedy at law or
in damages. Accordingly, each party hereto agrees that injunctive relief or
other equitable remedy, in addition to remedies at law or damages, is the
appropriate remedy for any such failure and will not oppose the granting of
such relief on the basis that the other party has an adequate remedy at law.
Each party hereto agrees that it will not seek, and agrees to waive any
requirement for, the securing or posting of a bond in connection with any other
party's seeking or obtaining such equitable relief.

   5. Term of Agreement; Termination. Subject to Section 9(e), the term of this
Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and such term and this Agreement
shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the Effective Time (as such
term is defined in the Merger Agreement), (ii) the date on which the Merger
Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms and (iii) the date on
which the Company's Board of Directors withdraws its recommendation, in
accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(d) of the Merger Agreement, to the
Company's stockholders to vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and
approval of the Merger. Upon such termination, no party shall have any further
obligations or liabilities hereunder; provided, that such termination shall not
relieve any party from liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to such
termination.

   6. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholders. Each Stockholder
represents and warrants to Buyer that, as of the date hereof, (a) such
Stockholder has full legal power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and the Proxy, and (b) the Shares are free and clear of all proxies.

   7. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written
or oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and
contains the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified, and
no provisions hereof may be modified or waived, except by an instrument in
writing signed by all parties hereto. No waiver of any provisions hereof by any
party shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions hereof by any such
party, nor shall any such waiver be deemed a continuing waiver of any provision
hereof by such party.

   8. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands or other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered
personally, upon receipt of a transmission confirmation if sent by telecopy or
like transmission (with confirmation) and on the next business day when sent by
a reputable, national overnight courier service to the parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
notice):

     If to Buyer:        Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.
                         950 Winter Street
                         Waltham, MA 02451
                         Attn: Margaret A. Shukur, Esq.
                         Fax No.: (781) 434-6034

                                      B-2

     With a copy to:     Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP
                         125 High Street
                         Boston, MA 02110
                         Attn: Kenneth J. Gordon, Esq.
                         Fax No.: (617) 248-7100

     If to Stockholder:
                         -------------------------------------
                         -------------------------------------
                         -------------------------------------
                         -------------------------------------

     With a copy to:     Garvey, Schubert & Barer
                         1191 Second Avenue, Suite 1800
                         Seattle, WA 98101
                         Attn: Bruce A. Robertson, Esq.
                         Fax No.: (206) 464-0125

   9. Miscellaneous.

   (a) This Agreement shall be deemed a contract made under, and for all
purposes shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Delaware, without reference to its conflicts of law principles.

   (b) If any provision of this Agreement or the application of such provision
to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, such provision or application shall be
unenforceable only to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability, and
the remainder of the provision held invalid or unenforceable and the
application of such provision to persons or circumstances, other than the party
as to which it is held invalid, and the remainder of this Agreement shall not
be affected.

   (c) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

   (d) All Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only and
are not part of this Agreement, and no construction or reference shall be
derived therefrom.

   (e) The obligations of the Stockholder set forth in this Agreement shall not
be effective or binding upon the Stockholder until after such time as the
Merger Agreement is executed and delivered by the Company, Buyer and Sub, and
the parties agree that there is not and has not been any other agreement,
arrangement or understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the
matters set forth herein.

             [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]

                                      B-3

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                          Buyer:

                                          Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                                       Rory J. Cowan
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                                          Stockholder:

                                          _____________________________________
                                          Name

                                      B-4

                                   SCHEDULE I

   Name of       Number of shares of Company Common Stock,
   Stockholder           par value $.001 per share
   -----------   -----------------------------------------

                                      B-5

                                                                         ANNEX A

                                 FORM OF PROXY

   The undersigned, for consideration received, hereby appoints Lionbridge
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), its proxy to vote the
shares of capital stock (the "Shares") of Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), owned by the undersigned and described in the
Voting Agreement referred to below and which the undersigned is entitled to
vote at any meeting of stockholders of the Company, and at any adjournment
thereof, to be held for the purpose of considering and voting upon a proposal
to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of
March 8, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among the Company, Buyer and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Buyer ("Sub"), providing for the merger (the
"Merger") of Sub with and into the Company, FOR the Merger Agreement and the
Merger. This proxy is subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement, is coupled
with an interest and revokes all prior proxies granted by the undersigned with
respect to such Shares, is irrevocable and shall terminate and be of no further
force and effect automatically at such time as the Voting Agreement, dated as
of March 8,2001 between the undersigned and Buyer, a copy of such Agreement
being attached hereto, terminates in accordance with its terms.

                                          Dated _______________________________

                                          _____________________________________
                                                        (Signature)

                                          Name: _______________________________

                                          Title: ______________________________

                                      B-6

                                                                         ANNEX C

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

   THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into as of March
8, 2001, by and between Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("LTI").

   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
Company, LTI and Diamond Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a newly-
formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of LTI ("Merger Sub"), are entering into
an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of the date hereof (the
"Merger Agreement"), which provides, among other things, for a business
combination between Parent and the Company to be effected by the merger of
Merger Sub with and into the Company upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Merger Agreement; and

   WHEREAS, as a condition to LTI's willingness to enter into the Merger
Agreement, LTI has requested that the Company agree, and the Company has
agreed, to grant the Option (as hereinafter defined) to LTI upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein;

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements contained herein and in the Merger Agreement, and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

   1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to LTI an irrevocable option
(the "Option") to purchase, subject to the terms hereof, up to a number of
shares (the "Option Shares") of fully paid and nonassessable common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock"), equal to 19.9%
of the number of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding (before
giving effect to the exercise of the Option) as of the first date, if any, upon
which an Option Commencement Event (as hereinafter defined) occurs, at a
purchase price per share (the "Option Price") equal to the product of the
Conversion Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement) multiplied by the Parent
Average Closing Price (as defined in the Merger Agreement). The number and type
of Option Shares and the Option Price are subject to adjustment as set forth
herein.

   2. Exercise of Option. (a) LTI may exercise the Option, in whole or in part
and from time to time, beginning immediately prior to an Option Commencement
Event that occurs prior to the occurrence of an Option Termination Event (as
hereinafter defined). The right to exercise the Option shall terminate upon the
one year anniversary of the date of the Option Commencement Event (the "Option
Expiration Date").

    (b) The term "Option Commencement Event" shall mean the consummation of an
 Acquisition Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement) by the Company
 with a party other than LTI.

    (c) The term "Option Termination Event" shall mean any of the following
 events:

     (i) the Effective Time of the Merger; or

     (ii) termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to Section 9.1 or
  9.3(b); or

     (iii) the occurrence of the date which is nine months after termination
  of the Merger Agreement (or such later period as provided in Section 8,
  provided no Option Commencement Event has occurred prior to the occurrence
  of such date).

    (d) The Company shall notify LTI in writing as promptly as practicable
 (but in no event later than 3 business days) following the occurrence of any
 Option Commencement Event, it being understood that the giving of such notice
 by the Company shall not be a condition to the right of LTI to exercise the
 Option or for an Option Commencement Event to have occurred.

    (e) In the event that LTI desires to exercise the Option, it shall deliver
 to the Company a written notice (such notice being herein referred to as an
 "Exercise Notice" and the date of issuance of an Exercise Notice being herein
 referred to as the "Notice Date") specifying (i) the total number of Option
 Shares it desires to purchase pursuant to such exercise and (ii) a place and
 date, not earlier than three business days nor later than 60 business days
 from the Notice Date, for the closing of such purchase (the "Option Closing
 Date"); provided, that if the closing of the purchase and sale pursuant to
 the Option (the "Option Closing") cannot be consummated, by reason of any
 applicable decree, injunction or order, the period of time that otherwise
 would run pursuant to this Section 2(e) shall run instead from the date on
 which such restriction on consummation has expired or been terminated; and
 provided further, without limiting the foregoing, that if, in the reasonable
 opinion of LTI, prior notification to or approval of any regulatory agency is
 required in connection with such purchase, the Company or LTI, as the case
 may be, shall promptly file the required notice or application for approval
 and shall expeditiously process the same and the period of time that
 otherwise would run pursuant to this sentence shall run instead from the date
 on which any required notification periods have expired or been terminated or
 such approvals have been obtained and any requisite waiting period or periods
 shall have passed.

    (f) At the Option Closing, LTI shall pay to the Company the aggregate
 Option Price for the number of shares of Company Common Stock or other
 securities being purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Option in
 immediately available funds by wire transfer to a bank account designated by
 the Company; provided that failure or refusal of the Company to designate
 such a bank account shall not preclude LTI from exercising the Option.

    (g) At the Option Closing, simultaneously with the delivery of immediately
 available funds as provided in Section 2(f) hereof, the Company shall deliver
 to LTI a certificate or certificates representing the number of Option Shares
 purchased by LTI and, if the Option should be exercised in part only, a new
 Agreement evidencing the rights of LTI thereof to purchase the balance of the
 Option Shares purchasable hereunder. If at the time of issuance of any Option
 Shares pursuant to an exercise of all or part of the Option hereunder, the
 Company shall have issued any rights or other securities which are attached
 to or otherwise associated with the Company Common Stock, then each Option
 Share issued pursuant to such exercise shall also represent such rights or
 other securities with terms substantially the same as and at least as
 favorable to LTI as are provided to stockholders generally and, if
 applicable, under any stockholder rights agreement or similar agreement of
 the Company then in effect.

    (h) Certificates for Option Shares delivered at an Option Closing
 hereunder may be endorsed with a restrictive legend that shall read
 substantially as follows:

        "THE TRANSFER OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
     IS SUBJECT TO RESALE RESTRICTIONS ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES
     ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED."

   It is understood and agreed that the reference to the resale restrictions of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), in the above
legend shall be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s) without such
reference if LTI shall have delivered to the Company a copy of a letter from
the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), or an opinion
of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such
legend is not required for purposes of the Securities Act.

    (i) Upon the delivery by LTI to the Company of the Exercise Notice, and
 the tender of the applicable Option Price in immediately available funds, LTI
 shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Option Shares issuable upon
 such exercise, notwithstanding that the stock transfer books of the Company
 shall then be closed or that certificates representing such Option Shares
 shall not then be actually delivered to LTI or the Company shall have failed
 or refused to designate the bank account described in Section 2(f). The
 Company shall pay all expenses that may be payable in connection with the
 preparation, issuance and delivery of stock certificates under this Section 2
 in the name of LTI. LTI shall pay all expenses that may be payable in
 connection with the issuance and delivery of stock certificates or a
 substitute option agreement in the name of any assignee, transferee or
 designee of LTI.

                                      C-2

   3. Covenants of the Company. In addition to its other agreements and
covenants herein, the Company agrees (i) that it shall at all times maintain,
free from preemptive rights, sufficient authorized but unissued or treasury
shares of Company Common Stock (and other securities of the Company) issuable
pursuant to this Agreement so that the Option may be exercised without
additional authorization of Company Common Stock after giving effect to all
other options, warrants, convertible securities and other rights to purchase
Company Common Stock; (ii) that it will not, by charter amendment or through
reorganization, consolidation, merger, dissolution or sale of assets, or by any
other voluntary act, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of
any of the covenants, stipulation or conditions to be observed or performed
hereunder by the Company; (iii) promptly to take any and all action as may from
time to time be required (including complying with all premerger notification,
reporting and waiting requirements under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder) in order to permit LTI to exercise the Option and the Company to
duly and effectively issue Option Shares pursuant hereto; (iv) promptly to take
all action provided herein to protect the rights of LTI against dilution; and
(v) not to enter or agree to enter into any Acquisition Transaction unless the
other party or parties thereto agree to assume in writing all of the Company's
obligations hereunder.

   4. Exchange; Replacement. This Agreement (and the Option granted hereby) are
exchangeable, without expense, at the option of LTI, upon presentation and
surrender of this Agreement at the principal office of the Company, for other
agreements providing for Options of different denominations entitling the
holder thereof to purchase, on the same terms and subject to the same
conditions as are set forth herein, in the aggregate the same number of shares
of Company Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The terms "Agreement" and
"Option" as used herein include any agreements and related options for which
this Agreement (and the Option granted hereby) may be exchanged. Upon receipt
by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft,
destruction or mutilation of this Agreement, and (in the case of loss, theft or
destruction) of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and upon surrender and
cancellation of this Agreement, if mutilated, the Company will execute and
deliver a new Agreement of like tenor and date.

   5. Adjustments. The number of shares of Company Common Stock purchasable
upon the exercise of the Option shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time as provided in this Section 5. In the event of any change, or
distributions in respect of, in Company Common Stock by reason of stock
dividends, splits, mergers, recapitalizations, combinations, subdivisions,
conversions, exchanges of shares or other similar transactions, then that which
is then purchasable upon exercise hereof shall be appropriately adjusted so
that LTI shall receive upon exercise of the Option and payment of the aggregate
Option Price hereunder the number and class of shares or other securities or
property (including cash) that LTI would have owned or been entitled to receive
after the happening of any of the events described above if the Option had been
exercised immediately prior to such event, or the record date therefor, as
applicable. Whenever the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to
this Option is adjusted pursuant to this Section 5, the Option Price shall be
appropriately adjusted in such manner as shall fully preserve the economic
benefits provided hereunder and proper provision shall be made in any agreement
governing any such transaction to provide for such proper adjustment and the
full satisfaction of the Company's obligations hereunder.

   6. Registration Rights. Following an Option Commencement Event, the Company
shall, at the request of (i) LTI for as long as it is an Owner (as defined in
Section 7) or (ii) any other Owner (collectively, (i) and (ii) are hereinafter
referred to as "Requesting Owners"), promptly prepare, file and keep current a
shelf registration statement under the Securities Act covering any shares
issued and issuable pursuant to this Option (collectively, the "Registrable
Securities") and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
registration statement to become effective and remain current in order to
permit the sale or other disposition in accordance with any plan of disposition
requested by the Requesting Owners. The Company will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause such registration statement promptly to become effective and
then to remain effective for a period not in excess of 180 days from the day
such registration statement first becomes effective or such shorter time as may
be reasonably necessary, in the judgment of the Requesting Owner(s), to effect
such sales or other dispositions. The Requesting Owners shall each have the
right to demand two such registrations. The Company shall bear the costs of
such registrations (including, but not limited to, the Company's attorneys'
fees, printing costs and

                                      C-3

filing fees, except for underwriting discounts or commissions, brokers' fees
and the fees and disbursements of any Requesting Owner's counsel related
thereto). The foregoing notwithstanding, if, at the time of any request by any
Requesting Owner for registration of the Registrable Securities as provided
above, the Company is in registration with respect to an underwritten public
offering of shares of Company Common Stock, and if in the good faith judgment
of the managing underwriter or managing underwriters, or, if none, the sole
underwriter or underwriters, of such offering the inclusion of the Registrable
Securities would interfere with the successful marketing of the shares of
Company Common Stock offered by the Company, the number of Registrable
Securities otherwise to be covered in the registration statement contemplated
hereby may be reduced; provided, however, that after any such required
reduction the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such offering
for the account of each Requesting Owner shall constitute at least 25% of the
total number of shares to be sold by all such Requesting Owners and the Company
in the aggregate; and provided further, however, that if such reduction occurs,
then the Company shall file a registration statement for the balance of such
shares of Company Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Option as promptly as
practical following such reduction and no reduction in the number of shares of
Company Common Stock to be sold by each such Requesting Owner shall thereafter
occur. Each Requesting Owner shall provide all information reasonably requested
by the Company for inclusion in any registration statement to be filed
hereunder. If requested by any such Requesting Owner in connection with such
registration, the Company shall become a party to any underwriting agreement
relating to the sale of such shares, but only to the extent of obligating
itself in respect of representations, warranties, indemnities and other
agreements customarily included in secondary offering underwriting agreements
for the Company.

   7. Repurchase of Option and/or Option Shares.

    (a) At any time after the occurrence of a Repurchase Event (as defined
 herein), (i) following a request of LTI, given prior to an Option Expiration
 Date (or such later period provided in Section 10), the Company (or any
 successor thereto) shall repurchase the Option from LTI at a price (the
 "Option Repurchase Price") equal to the amount by which (A) the Competing
 Transaction Price (as defined below) exceeds (B) the Option Price, multiplied
 by the maximum number of shares for which the Option may then be exercised by
 LTI, and (ii) at the request of the owner of Option Shares from time to time
 (the "Owner"), delivered within 90 days of such occurrence (or such later
 period as provided in Section 10), the Company shall repurchase such number
 of Option Shares from the Owner as the Owner shall designate at a price (the
 "Option Share Repurchase Price") equal to the amount by which (A) the
 Competing Transaction Price exceeds (B) the Option Price, multiplied by the
 number of Option Shares so designated. The term "Competing Transaction Price"
 shall mean, as of any date for the determination thereof, the price per share
 of Company Common Stock paid to the stockholders of the Company by a third
 party pursuant to any Acquisition Transaction, including the highest price
 per share offered by way of tender offer or exchange offer, and, in the event
 of an Acquisition Transaction consisting of a sale of assets of the Company,
 the last per share sale price of Company Common Stock on the third trading
 day following the announcement of such sale. If the consideration paid or
 received in the Competing Transaction shall be other than in cash, the per
 share value of such consideration (on a fully diluted basis) shall be
 determined by a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by LTI
 and reasonably acceptable to the Company, which determination shall be
 conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

    (b) Following a Repurchase Event, LTI or the Owner, as the case may be,
 may exercise its right to require the Company to repurchase the Option and
 any Option Shares pursuant to this Section 7 by surrendering for such purpose
 to the Company, at its principal officer, a copy of this Agreement or
 certificates for Option Shares, as applicable, accompanied by a written
 notice or notices stating that LTI or the Owner, as the case may be, elects
 to require the Company to repurchase this Option and/or the Option Share, as
 the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7. As
 promptly as practical, but in no event later than five business days after
 the surrender to the Company of a copy of this Agreement and/or certificates
 representing Option Shares and the receipt of such notice or notices relating
 thereto and (y) the day on which a Repurchase Event occurs, the Company shall
 deliver or cause to be delivered, in immediately available funds, to LTI the
 Option Repurchase Price and/or to the Owner the Option Share

                                      C-4

 Repurchase Price or portion thereof that the Company is not then prohibited
 under applicable law and regulation from so delivering.

    (c) To the extent that the Company is prohibited under applicable law from
 repurchasing the Option or any Option Shares in full, the Company shall
 immediately so notify LTI and/or the Owner and thereafter deliver or cause to
 be delivered, from time to time, to LTI and/or the Owner, as appropriate, the
 portion of the Option Repurchase Price and the Option Share Repurchase Price,
 respectively, that it is required to deliver pursuant hereto and that it is
 no longer prohibited from delivering, within five business days after the
 date on which the Company is no longer so prohibited; provided, however, that
 if the Company at any time after delivery of a notice of repurchase pursuant
 to Section 7(b) hereof is prohibited under applicable law, from delivering to
 LTI and/or the Owner, as the case may be, the Option Repurchase Price or the
 Option Share Repurchase Price, respectively, in full (and the Company hereby
 undertakes to use its best efforts to obtain all required regulatory and
 legal approvals and to file any required notices as promptly as practicable
 in order to accomplish such repurchase), LTI or the Owner may revoke its
 notice of repurchase of the Option or the Option Shares either in whole or to
 the extent of the prohibition, whereupon, in the latter case, the Company
 shall promptly (i) deliver to LTI and/or the Owner, as appropriate, that
 portion of the Option Repurchase Price or the Option Share Repurchase Price
 that the Company is not prohibited from delivering after taking into account
 any such revocation and (ii) deliver, as appropriate, either (A) to LTI
 and/or the Owner, a new Agreement evidencing the right of LTI to purchase
 that number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to the number of shares
 of Company Common Stock purchasable immediately prior to the delivery of the
 notice of repurchase less the number of shares of Company Common Stock
 covered by the portion of the Option repurchased or (B) to LTI and/or the
 Owner, a certificate for the number of Option Shares covered by the
 revocation. If an Option Termination Event shall have occurred prior to the
 date of the notice by the Company described in the first sentence of this
 Section 8(c), or shall be scheduled to occur at any time after the date of an
 Option or Option Share repurchase request but before the expiration of a
 period ending on the thirtieth day after such notice date, LTI shall
 nonetheless have the right to exercise the Option until the expiration of
 such thirty-day period.

    (d) For purposes of this Section 7, the term "Repurchase Event" shall mean
 the consummation of an Acquisition Transaction.

   8. Extension of Time. The periods related to exercise of the Option,
repurchase of the Option and/or Option Shares by the Company and the other
rights of LTI hereunder shall be extended (i) to the extent necessary to obtain
all regulatory approvals for the exercise of such rights, and for the
expiration of all statutory waiting periods and (ii) to the extent necessary to
avoid liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act by reason of such
exercise.

   9. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby
represents and warrants to LTI as follows:

    (a) The Company has full corporate power and authority to execute and
 deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
 hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
 the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
 the board of directors of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on
 the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to
 consummate the transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has been duly and
 validly executed and delivered by the Company.

    (b) The Company has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize and
 reserve and to permit it to issue, and at all times from the date hereof
 through the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms will
 have reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Option, that number of
 shares of Company Common Stock equal to the maximum number of shares of
 Company Common Stock at any time and from time to time issuable hereunder,
 and all such shares of Company Common Stock, upon issuance pursuant hereto,
 will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable, and will
 be delivered free and clear of all liens and not subject to any preemptive
 rights.

                                      C-5

    (c) The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not, and the
 consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with,
 or result in any violation pursuant to any provisions of the certificate of
 incorporation or bylaws of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or
 of any loan or credit agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease, plan or
 other agreement, contractual obligation, instrument, permit, concession,
 franchise or license applicable to the Company or any subsidiary of the
 Company or their respective properties or assets.

    (d) No "fair price", "moratorium", "control share acquisition" or other
 similar anti-takeover statute or regulation enacted under state or federal
 laws applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries will apply to this
 Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company has taken, and
 will in the future take, all steps necessary to irrevocably exempt the
 transactions contemplated by this Agreement from any other applicable state
 takeover law and from any applicable charter provision containing change of
 control or anti-takeover provisions.

   10. Representations and Warranties of LTI. LTI hereby represents and
warrants to LTI as follows:

    (a) LTI has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
 Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
 execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
 transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the
 board of directors of LTI and no other corporate proceedings on the part of
 LTI are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
 transactions so contemplated. This Agreement has been duly and validly
 executed and delivered by LTI.

    (b) LTI represents and warrants that it is entering into this Agreement
 and is acquiring and/or will acquire the Option Shares for its own account
 and not with a view to resale or distribution of all or any part of the
 Option Shares in violation of applicable law.

   11. Assignment. Neither of the parties hereto may assign any of its rights
or obligations under this Agreement or the Option created hereunder to any
other person without the express written consent of the other party.

   12. Best Efforts. Each of LTI and the Company will use its reasonable best
efforts to make all filings with, and to obtain consents of, all third parties
and Governmental Entities necessary to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including without limitation making application
to list the shares of Company Common Stock issuable hereunder on the Nasdaq
National Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market upon official notice of issuance.

   13. Specific Performance. The parties hereto acknowledge that damages would
be an inadequate remedy for a breach of this Agreement by either party hereto
and that the obligations of the parties hereto shall be enforceable by either
party hereto through injunctive or other equitable relief.

   14. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule or law, or public
policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law in a mutually acceptable manner in order
that the terms of this Agreement remain as originally contemplated to the
fullest extent possible.

   15. Notices. All notices, claims, demands and other communications hereunder
shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered in person, by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), by
overnight courier or by facsimile at the respective addresses of the parties
set forth in the Merger Agreement,

   16. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that
might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws
thereof.

                                      C-6

   17. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of which
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

   18. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have
the meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.

   19. Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in the Merger
Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall bear and pay all costs and expenses
incurred by it or on its behalf in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder, including fees and expenses of its own financial
consultants, investment bankers, accountants and counsel.

   20. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or in
the Merger Agreement, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereunder and supersedes
all prior arrangements or understandings with respect thereof, written or oral.
The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer
upon any party, other than the parties hereto, and their successors and
permitted assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by
reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein. Any provision of
this Agreement may be waived only in writing at any time by the party that is
entitled to the benefits of such provision. This Agreement may not be modified,
amended, altered or supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a
written agreement executed by the parties hereto.

   21. Further Assurances. In the event of any exercise of the Option by LTI,
the Company and LTI shall execute and deliver all other documents and
instruments and take all other action that may be reasonably necessary to the
fullest extent permitted by law in order to consummate the transactions
provided for by such exercise. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
deemed to authorize the Company or LTI to breach any provision of the Merger
Agreement.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                      C-7

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Stock Option
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized.

                                          Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.

                                                     /s/ Rory J. Cowan
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                       Rory J. Cowan
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                                          Data Dimensions, Inc.

                                                  /s/ Laurence C. Leslie
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                    Laurence C. Leslie
                                              Executive Vice President, Chief
                                                     Financial Officer

                                      C-8

                                                                         ANNEX D

                              [Updata Letterhead]

March 8, 2001

CONFIDENTIAL

Board of Directors
Data Dimensions, Inc.
Sterling Plaza
3535 Factoria Blvd. SE
Bellevue, WA 98006

Dear Members of the Board:

   We understand that Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Lionbridge"), and Diamond Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and
wholly owned subsidiary of Lionbridge (the "Merger Subsidiary"), propose to
enter into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Agreement"), which
provides, among other things, for the merger of Merger Subsidiary with and into
the Company, with the Company surviving the merger (the "Transaction").

   Pursuant to the Transaction, each outstanding share of common stock, par
value $.001 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock") will be
converted into 0.190884 shares of Lionbridge common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, defined in the Agreement as the Conversion Ratio. The full terms and
conditions of the Transaction are set forth in more detail in the Agreement.

   You have requested our opinion as to whether the Conversion Ratio pursuant
to the Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company and
its shareholders. Updata Capital, Inc. focuses on providing merger and
acquisition advisory services to information technology companies. In this
capacity, we are continually engaged in valuing such businesses, and we
maintain extensive databases for comparative purposes.

   In rendering our opinion, we have, among other things:

   1. reviewed final forms of the Agreement, the Voting Agreement and the
      Stock Option Agreement each dated as of March 8, 2001 (collectively,
      the "Transaction Agreements"), and related documents, and based our
      opinion on our understanding that the terms and conditions of the
      Transaction Agreements will not materially change;

   2. reviewed the Company's and Lionbridge's respective historical and
      projected financial statements;

   3. reviewed certain internal financial and operating information,
      including certain projections relating to the Company and Lionbridge
      prepared by their respective managements;

   4. participated in discussions with Company management and Lionbridge
      management concerning the operations, business strategy, financial
      performance and prospects for each of the Company and Lionbridge;

   5. reviewed the recent reported closing prices and trading activity for
      the Company Common Stock and Lionbridge stock;

   6. compared certain aspects of the financial and market performance of the
      Company and Lionbridge with public companies we deemed comparable in
      whole or in part;

   7. analyzed available information, both public and private, concerning
      other mergers and acquisitions we believe to be comparable in whole or
      in part to the Transaction;

   8. reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
      information of Lionbridge;

   9. reviewed the Company's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
      ended December 31, 1999, including the audited financial statements
      included therein, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal
      quarters ending March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000 and September 30, 2000;

  10. reviewed the Company's unaudited financial statements for the fiscal
      year ended December 31, 2000;

  11. assessed, based on discussions with the Company's senior management and
      Lionbridge's senior management, the strategic rationale for the
      Transaction;

  12. assisted in negotiations and discussions related to the Transaction
      among the Company, Lionbridge and their respective advisors; and

  13. conducted other financial studies, analyses and investigations as we
      deemed appropriate for purposes of this opinion.

   In rendering our opinion, we have relied, without independent verification,
on the accuracy and completeness of all the financial and other information
(including without limitation, the representations and warranties contained in
the Agreement) that was publicly available or furnished to us by the Company or
Lionbridge and have relied on the assurances of management of the Company and
Lionbridge that they are not aware of any facts that would make such
information inaccurate or misleading. With respect to the financial projections
examined by us, we have assumed that they were reasonably prepared and reflect
the best available estimates and good faith judgments of Company management and
Lionbridge management as to the future performance of the Company or
Lionbridge, as the case may be. We have neither made nor obtained an
independent appraisal or valuation of any of the Company's or Lionbridge's
respective assets and have conducted only a limited inspection of certain
respective properties and facilities of the Company and Lionbridge. Our opinion
is necessarily based upon market, economic, financial and other conditions as
they exist and can be evaluated only as of the date of this opinion. Any change
in such conditions may impact this opinion.

   For purposes of this opinion, we have assumed that neither the Company nor
Lionbridge is currently involved in any material transaction other than the
Transaction and those activities undertaken in the ordinary course of
conducting its business. In addition, we have assumed that the Transaction will
be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Agreement,
including, among other things, that the Transaction will be treated as a tax-
free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

   Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the
Conversion Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to the Company and
the holders of Company Common Stock.

   We have acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the
Transaction and will receive a fee for our services. In addition, the Company
has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities which may arise out of the
rendering of this opinion.

   This opinion speaks only as of the date hereof. It is understood that this
opinion is solely for the information of the Board of Directors of the Company
in connection with its consideration of the Transaction and does not constitute
a recommendation to any Company shareholder as to whether such shareholder
should vote its, his or her shares of Company Common Stock in favor of the
Transaction. This opinion may not be published or referred to, in whole or
part, without our prior written permission.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Updata Capital, Inc.

                                      D-2

                                    PART II

                     INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

Item 20. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

   The Delaware General Corporation Law and the Lionbridge's Second Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws provide
for indemnification of Lionbridge's directors and officers for liabilities and
expenses that they may incur in such capacities. In general, directors and
officers are indemnified with respect to actions taken in good faith in a
manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, Lionbridge's best
interests, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, actions that
the indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe were unlawful. Reference is
made to the Lionbridge's Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws filed as Exhibits 3.2 and 3.4,
respectively, to Lionbridge's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
81233) and incorporated herein by reference.

   The underwriting agreement, dated August 20, 1999, by and between Lionbridge
and the underwriters listed therein provides that the underwriters are
obligated, under certain circumstances, to indemnify directors, officers and
controlling persons of Lionbridge against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933. Reference is made to the form of
underwriting agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
reference.

   The Registrant has in effect a directors' and officers' liability insurance
policy.

Item 21. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(A) Exhibits

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

  3.1, 4.1   Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
             Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on
             Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
             reference).

  3.2, 4.2   Form of Amended and Restated By-laws of Lionbridge (filed as
             Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

  4.3        Specimen Certificate for shares of Lionbridge's Common Stock
             (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

  5.1*       Opinion of Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP regarding the legality
             of the securities being issued.

  8.1*       Opinion of Garvey, Schubert & Barer regarding certain tax matters.

 10.1**      1998 Stock Plan (filed as Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy
             Statement on Schedule 14A filed September 14, 2000 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.2**      1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.3        Lease dated as of February 13, 1997 between Shorenstein
             Management, Inc., as Trustee of SRI Two Realty Trust, and
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.4**      Employment Agreement dated as of December 23, 1996 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Rory J. Cowan (filed as Exhibit
             10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

                                      II-1

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

 10.5**      Employment Agreement dated as of February 24, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Myriam Martin-Kail (filed as
             Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.6**      Employment Agreement dated as of February 11, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Stephen J. Lifshatz (filed as
             Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.7**      Employment Agreement dated as of February 28, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Peter Wright (filed as Exhibit
             10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.8        Third Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated May 22, 2000
             between Lionbridge, the Lionbridge stockholders party to the
             Second Restated Registration Rights Agreement, the former
             stockholders of INT'L.com, Inc. and the former stockholder of
             Harvard Translations, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Current
             Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2000 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.9        Loan Agreement dated as of September 26, 1997 by and between
             Silicon Valley Bank and Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V. and
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V. (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.10       Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge
             Technologies, Inc. of Shares in the Capital of Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed
             as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.11       Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. of Shares in the Capital of Lionbridge
             Technologies B.V. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.12       Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge
             Technologies B.V. of Accounts Receivable of Lionbridge
             Technologies B.V. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.13       Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. of Accounts Receivable of Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed
             as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.14       Letter of Deposit dated as of September 26, 1997 of Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. and Rory Cowan to Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.15       Security Agreement dated as of September 26, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.16       Guarantee dated as of September 26, 1997 made by Lionbridge
             Technologies Ireland in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

                                      II-2

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

 10.17       Debenture dated as of September 26, 1997 between Lionbridge
             Technologies Ireland and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
             10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.18       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 1 dated as of May 21,
             1998 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.19       Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. and Silicon Valley Bank regarding
             capital stock of Lionbridge Technologies (France) (filed as
             Exhibit 10.19 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.20       Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of Lionbridge dated as of May 21,
             1998 issued to Silicon Valley Bancshares (filed as Exhibit 10.20
             to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 81233)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.21       Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge and
             Silicon Valley Bank regarding capital stock of Lionbridge
             Technologies California, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.22       Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge and
             Silicon Valley Bank regarding capital stock of Japanese Language
             Services, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registration
             Statement

 10.23       Amended and Restated Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.24       Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Japanese Language
             Services, Inc. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
             10.24 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.25       Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Japanese
             Language Services, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank regarding capital
             stock of Lionbridge Japan K.K. (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.26       Security Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Japanese
             Language Services, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
             10.26 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.27       Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Lionbridge Japan K.K.
             in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.28       Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Lionbridge Technologies
             California, Inc. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
             10.28 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.29       Security Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge
             Technologies California, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.29 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.30       First Demand Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Lionbridge
             Technologies (France) in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.30 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

                                      II-3

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

 10.31       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 2 dated as of February
             25, 1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and
             Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Registration
             Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein
             by reference).

 10.32       Lease dated as of January 1, 1998 between Corke Abbey Investments
             Limited and Lionbridge Technologies Ireland (filed as Exhibit
             10.36 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.33       Lease dated as of March 1, 1991 between Corke Abbey Investments
             and Andrews Travel Consultants Limited; Assignment to European
             Language Translations Limited as of March 12, 1993 (filed as
             Exhibit 10.37 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.34       Lease dated as of September 14, 1990 between Corke Abbey
             Investments Limited and European Language Translations Limited
             (filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.35       Agreement dated as of December 4, 1998 between the Industrial
             Development Agency (Ireland) and Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit
             10.39 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.36       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 3 dated as of May 20,
             1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
             Exhibit 10.40 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.37**     Form of Non-Competition Agreement as entered into between
             Lionbridge and each of Rory J. Cowan, Stephen J. Lifshatz, and
             Peter Wright (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Registration Statement
             on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 10.38       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 4 dated as of July 16,
             1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge America, Inc., and
             Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Registration
             Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein
             by reference).

 10.39       Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and among
             Lionbridge, Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P. and
             Morgan Stanley Venture Investors Annex, L.P. dated as of March 9,
             1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Registration Statement on Form
             S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.40       Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and among
             Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Morgan Stanley Venture
             Capital Fund II Annex, L.P. and Morgan Stanley Venture Investors
             Annex, L.P. dated as of March 9, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to
             the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.41       First Amended and Restated Senior Subordinated Note Purchase
             Agreement by and between Lionbridge and Capital Resource Lenders
             III, L.P. dated as of February 26, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.46 to
             the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.42       Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and between
             Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V. and Capital Resource Lenders
             III, L.P. dated as of February 26, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to
             the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

                                      II-4

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

 10.43       Form of Senior Subordinated Promissory Notes issued pursuant to
             Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements (filed as Exhibit
             10.48 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.44       Letter Agreements amending each of the Senior Subordinated Note
             Purchase Agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registration
             Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein
             by reference).

 10.45       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 5 dated as of
             September 20, 1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings
             B.V., Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley
             Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
             (File No. 000-26933) for the quarter ended September 30, 1999 and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.46       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 6 dated as of December
             20, 1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
             No. 000-26933) for the year ended December 31, 1999 and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.47       Amended and Restated Promissory note dated as of December 20, 1999
             payable to Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the
             Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended
             December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.48       First Amendment to lease dated as of June 29, 1999 between Bay
             Colony Corporate Center LLC and Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 10.48
             to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the
             year ended December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 10.49       Second Amendment to lease dated as of December 10, 1999 between
             Bay Colony Corporate Center LLC and Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit
             10.49 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for
             the year ended December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 10.50       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 7 dated as of March
             20, 2000 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4
             (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.51       Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated as of March 20, 2000
             payable to Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.52**     Employment Agreement dated March 29, 2000 between Lionbridge and
             Roger O. Jeanty (filed as Exhibit 10.51 to the Registration
             Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein
             by reference).

 10.53**     Non-Competition Agreement dated March 28, 2000 between Lionbridge
             and Roger O. Jeanty (filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the Registration
             Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein
             by reference).

 10.54       Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated
             March 30, 2000 by and among Lionbridge, LTI Acquisition Corp. and
             INT'L.com, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the Registration
             Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein
             by reference).

 10.55       Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated March 30, 2000 by and
             among Lionbridge, HT Acquisition Corp and Harvard Translations,
             Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.54 to the Registration Statement on Form
             S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein by reference).

                                      II-5

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

 10.56       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 8 dated as of May 20,
             2000 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File
             No. 000-26933) for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.57       Agreement between Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Christoph Heck
             dated as of September 29, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
             Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26933) for the quarter
             ended September 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.58       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 9 dated as of July 20,
             2000 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File
             No. 000-26933) for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.59       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 10 dated as of October
             20, 2000 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.59 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
             No. 000-26933) for the year ended December 30, 2000 and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.60**     Amendment to Employment Agreement between Lionbridge Technologies,
             Inc. And Peter H. Wright dated as of March 21, 2001 (filed as
             Exhibit 10.60 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-
             26933) for the year ended December 30, 2000 and incorporated
             herein by reference).

 10.61       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 3 dated as of January
             19, 2001 by and among Silicon Valley Bank, INT'L.com, Inc.,
             International Language Engineering Corporation, and ILE
             International Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.61 to the Annual
             Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended
             December 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.62       Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 11 dated as of January
             20, 2001 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V.,
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank
             (filed as Exhibit 10.62 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
             No. 000-26933) for the year ended December 30, 2000 and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.63       Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Lionbridge
             Technologies, Inc., Diamond Acquisition Corp. and Data Dimensions,
             Inc. dated March 8, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current
             Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File No. 000-26933)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.64       Option Agreement dated as of March 8, 2001 by and between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Data Dimensions, Inc. (filed as
             Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19,
             2001 (File No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.65       Form of voting agreement dated as of March 8, 2001 by and between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and certain directors, officers and
             stockholders of Data Dimensions, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to
             the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File No.
             000-26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.66       Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and
             among Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., Diamond Acquisition Corp. and
             Data Dimensions, Inc. dated March 16, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 2.2
             to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File
             No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.67       Harvard Translations, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan (filed as
             Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.
             333-38996) and incorporated herein by reference).

                                      II-6

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

 10.68       IC Global Services, Inc. 1998 Stock Plan (Amended and Restated
             April 6, 1999) (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement
             on Form S-8 (File No. 333-38996) and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 10.69       International Language Engineering Corporation Amended and
             Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-38996) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.70       Letter Agreement by and between Capital Resource Lenders III,
             L.P., Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P., Morgan
             Stanley Venture Investors II Annex, L.P. and Lionbridge
             Technologies, Inc. dated March 27, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.70 to
             the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30,
             2000 (File No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.71       Letter Agreement by and between Capital Resource Lenders III,
             L.P., Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P., Morgan
             Stanley Venture Investors II Annex, L.P. and Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings, B.V. dated March 27, 2001 (filed as Exhibit
             10.71 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
             December 30, 2000 (File No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 21.1        Subsidiaries of Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual
             Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended
             December 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference).

 23.1*       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with respect to the
             consolidated financial statements of Lionbridge.

 23.2*       Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP with respect to the financial
             statements of Lionbridge's subsidiary, INT'L.com.

 23.3*       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with respect to the
             consolidated financial statements of Data Dimensions.

 23.4        Consent of Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP (included in Exhibit
             5.1).

 23.5        Consent of Garvey, Schubert & Barer (included in Exhibit 8.1).

 24.1*       Power of Attorney (included in signature page).

 99.1        Escrow Agreement dated as of May 18, 2000 by and among Lionbridge,
             Harvard Translations, Inc., American Stock Transfer & Trust
             Company (as Escrow Agent) and Robert C. Sprung (as Indemnification
             Representative) (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on
             Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2000 (File No. 000-26933) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 99.2        Investment Agreement dated as of may 18, 2000 by and among
             Lionbridge and Robert C. Sprung (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the
             Current Report of Form 8-K filed June 1, 2000 (File No. 000-26933)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 99.3        Escrow Agreement dated as of May 22, 2000 by and among Lionbridge,
             INT'L.com, Inc., American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (as
             Escrow Agent) and Seven Fingerhood (as Indemnification
             Representative) (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on
             Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2000 (File No. 000-26933) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 99.4*       Form of Data Dimensions Proxy.

- --------
 * Filed Herewith
** Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or
   arrangement required to be filed as an Exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c).

                                      II-7

(B) Financial Statement Schedules

   None.

(C) Item 4(b) Information.

   The opinion of Updata Capital, Inc. is included as Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus included in this registration statement.

Item 22. Undertakings.

   (1) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

    (a) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made,
        a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

      (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the
          Securities Act of 1933;

      (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after
           the effective date of the registration statement (or the most
           recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or
           in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the
           information set forth in the registration statement;

      (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan
            of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration
            statement or any material change to such information in the
            registration statement;

    (b) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the
        Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be
        deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the
        securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at
        that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
        thereof.

    (c) To remove from the registration by means of a post-effective
        amendment any of the securities being registered which remain
        unsold at the termination of the offering.

   (2) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes as follows: that prior to
any public reoffering of the securities registered hereunder through use of a
prospectus which is a part of this registration statement, by any person or
party who is deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of Rule 145(c), the
undersigned registrant undertakes that such reoffering prospectus will contain
the information called for by the applicable registration form with respect to
reofferings by persons who may be deemed underwriters, in addition to the
information called for by the other items of the applicable form.

   (3) The registrant undertakes that every prospectus (i) that is filed
pursuant to paragraph (2) immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to meet
the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 and is used
in connection with an offering of securities subject to Rule 415, will be filed
as a part of an amendment to the registration statement and will not be used
until such amendment is effective, and that, for purposes of determining any
liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment
shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities
offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be
deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

   (4) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person of the registrant in the successful defense

                                      II-8

of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or
controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication
of such issue.

   (5) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to respond to requests for
information that is incorporated by reference into the prospectus pursuant to
Item 4, 10(b), 11, or 13 of this form, within one business day of receipt of
such request, and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or
other equally prompt means. This includes information contained in documents
filed subsequent to the effective date of the registration statement through
the date of responding to the request.

   (6) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to supply by means of a
post-effective amendment all information concerning a transaction, and the
company being acquired involved therein, that was not the subject of and
included in the registration statement when it became effective.

                                      II-9

                                   SIGNATURES

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Waltham,
Massachusetts, on the 9th day of April, 2001.

                                          Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.
                                          (Registrant)

                                                  /s/ Stephen J. Lifshatz
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                    Stephen J. Lifshatz
                                               Chief Financial Officer (Duly
                                              Authorized Officer and Principal
                                                     Financial Officer)

Date: April 9, 2001

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

   We, the undersigned officers and directors of Lionbridge, hereby severally
constitute and appoint Rory J. Cowan, Stephen J. Lifshatz and Margaret A.
Shukur, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys, with full power
to them and each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the
capacities indicated below, any amendments to this Registration Statement, and
generally to do all things in our names and on our behalf in such capacities to
enable Lionbridge to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and all the requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission.

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

              Signature                          Title                   Date
              ---------                          -----                   ----

          /s/ Rory J. Cowan            Chief Executive Officer       April 9, 2001
______________________________________  and Chairman of the Board
            Rory J. Cowan               (Principal Executive
                                        Officer)

       /s/ Stephen J. Lifshatz         Chief Financial Officer,      April 9, 2001
______________________________________  Treasurer and Secretary
         Stephen J. Lifshatz            (Principal Financial and
                                        Accounting Officer)

         /s/ Roger O. Jeanty           President and Director        April 9, 2001
______________________________________
           Roger O. Jeanty

         /s/ Marcia J. Hooper          Director                      April 9, 2001
______________________________________
           Marcia J. Hooper

         /s/ Guy L. de Chazal          Director                      April 9, 2001
______________________________________
           Guy L. de Chazal

         /s/ Claude P. Sheer           Director                      April 9, 2001
______________________________________
           Claude P. Sheer

          /s/ Paul Kavanagh            Director                      April 9, 2001
______________________________________
            Paul Kavanagh

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

 Exhibit No.                               Exhibit
 -----------                               -------

  3.1, 4.1   Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
             Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on
             Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 3.2, 4.2    Form of Amended and Restated By-laws of Lionbridge (filed as
             Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
             333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

  4.3        Specimen Certificate for shares of Lionbridge's Common Stock
             (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

  5.1*       Opinion of Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP regarding the legality
             of the securities being issued.

  8.1*       Opinion of Garvey, Schubert & Barer regarding certain tax matters.

 10.1**      1998 Stock Plan (filed as Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy
             Statement on Schedule 14A filed September 14, 2000 (File No. 333-
             81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.2**      1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
             Registration Statement on
             Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
             reference).

 10.3        Lease dated as of February 13, 1997 between Shorenstein
             Management, Inc., as Trustee of SRI Two Realty Trust, and
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.4**      Employment Agreement dated as of December 23, 1996 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Rory J. Cowan (filed as Exhibit
             10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.5**      Employment Agreement dated as of February 24, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Myriam Martin-Kail (filed as
             Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.6**      Employment Agreement dated as of February 11, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Stephen J. Lifshatz (filed as
             Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.7**      Employment Agreement dated as of February 28, 1997 between
             Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Peter Wright (filed as Exhibit
             10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
             and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.8        Third Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated May 22, 2000
             between Lionbridge, the Lionbridge stockholders party to the
             Second Restated Registration Rights Agreement, the former
             stockholders of INT'L.com, Inc. and the former stockholder of
             Harvard Translations, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Current
             Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2000 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.9        Loan Agreement dated as of September 26, 1997 by and between
             Silicon Valley Bank and Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V. and
             Lionbridge Technologies B.V. (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the
             Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
             incorporated herein by reference).

 10.10       Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge
             Technologies, Inc. of Shares in the Capital of Lionbridge
             Technologies Holdings B.V. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed
             as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
             No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.11 Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge Technologies
       Holdings B.V. of Shares in the Capital of Lionbridge Technologies B.V.
       in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated
       herein by reference).

 10.12 Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge Technologies
       B.V. of Accounts Receivable of Lionbridge Technologies B.V. in favor of
       Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration
       Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
       reference).

 10.13 Deed of Pledge dated as of September 26, 1997 by Lionbridge Technologies
       Holdings B.V. of Accounts Receivable of Lionbridge Technologies Holdings
       B.V. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated
       herein by reference).

 10.14 Letter of Deposit dated as of September 26, 1997 of Lionbridge
       Technologies Holdings B.V. and Rory Cowan to Silicon Valley Bank (filed
       as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No.
       333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.15 Security Agreement dated as of September 26, 1997 between Lionbridge
       Technologies, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to
       the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
       incorporated herein by reference).

 10.16 Guarantee dated as of September 26, 1997 made by Lionbridge Technologies
       Ireland in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated
       herein by reference).

 10.17 Debenture dated as of September 26, 1997 between Lionbridge Technologies
       Ireland and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.18 Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 1 dated as of May 21, 1998
       by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
       Technologies B.V. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated
       herein by reference).

 10.19 Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge
       Technologies Holdings B.V. and Silicon Valley Bank regarding capital
       stock of Lionbridge Technologies (France) (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated
       herein by reference).

 10.20 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of Lionbridge dated as of May 21, 1998
       issued to Silicon Valley Bancshares (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.21 Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge and Silicon
       Valley Bank regarding capital stock of Lionbridge Technologies
       California, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Registration Statement
       on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.22 Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge and Silicon
       Valley Bank regarding capital stock of Japanese Language Services, Inc.
       (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
       No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.23 Amended and Restated Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by
       Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
       Exhibit 10.23 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
       81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.24 Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Japanese Language Services,
       Inc. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.25   Pledge Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Japanese Language
         Services, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank regarding capital stock of
         Lionbridge Japan K.K. (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Registration
         Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

 10.26   Security Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Japanese Language
         Services, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the
         Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.27   Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Lionbridge Japan K.K. in
         favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the
         Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.28   Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Lionbridge Technologies
         California, Inc. in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
         10.28 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
         and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.29   Security Agreement dated as of May 21, 1998 between Lionbridge
         Technologies California, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
         Exhibit 10.29 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
         No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.30   First Demand Guarantee dated as of May 21, 1998 made by Lionbridge
         Technologies (France) in favor of Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
         Exhibit 10.30 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
         81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.31   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 2 dated as of February 25,
         1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V., Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Silicon Valley
         Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
         (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.32   Lease dated as of January 1, 1998 between Corke Abbey Investments
         Limited and Lionbridge Technologies Ireland (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to
         the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.33   Lease dated as of March 1, 1991 between Corke Abbey Investments and
         Andrews Travel Consultants Limited; Assignment to European Language
         Translations Limited as of March 12, 1993 (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to
         the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.34   Lease dated as of September 14, 1990 between Corke Abbey Investments
         Limited and European Language Translations Limited (filed as Exhibit
         10.38 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
         and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.35   Agreement dated as of December 4, 1998 between the Industrial
         Development Agency (Ireland) and Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to
         the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233)
         and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.36   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 3 dated as of May 20, 1999
         by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V. and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to
         the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.37** Form of Non-Competition Agreement as entered into between Lionbridge
         and each of Rory J. Cowan, Stephen J. Lifshatz, and Peter Wright
         (filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
         (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.38   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 4 dated as of July 16,
         1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V., Lionbridge America, Inc., and Silicon Valley Bank
         (filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
         (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.39 Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and among Lionbridge,
       Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P. and Morgan Stanley
       Venture Investors Annex, L.P. dated as of March 9, 1999 (filed as
       Exhibit 10.44 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
       81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.40 Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and among Lionbridge
       Technologies Holdings B.V., Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II
       Annex, L.P. and Morgan Stanley Venture Investors Annex, L.P. dated as of
       March 9, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the Registration Statement on
       Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.41 First Amended and Restated Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement
       by and between Lionbridge and Capital Resource Lenders III, L.P. dated
       as of February 26, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Registration
       Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
       reference).

 10.42 Senior Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and between Lionbridge
       Technologies Holdings B.V. and Capital Resource Lenders III, L.P. dated
       as of February 26, 1999 (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Registration
       Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by
       reference).

 10.43 Form of Senior Subordinated Promissory Notes issued pursuant to Senior
       Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated
       herein by reference).

 10.44 Letter Agreements amending each of the Senior Subordinated Note Purchase
       Agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registration Statement on Form
       S-1 (File No. 333-81233) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.45 Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 5 dated as of September 20,
       1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
       Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
       10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26933) for the
       quarter ended September 30, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.46 Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 6 dated as of December 20,
       1999 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
       Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
       10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the
       year ended December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.47 Amended and Restated Promissory note dated as of December 20, 1999
       payable to Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Annual
       Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended December 31,
       1999 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.48 First Amendment to lease dated as of June 29, 1999 between Bay Colony
       Corporate Center LLC and Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the
       Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended
       December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.49 Second Amendment to lease dated as of December 10, 1999 between Bay
       Colony Corporate Center LLC and Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to
       the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended
       December 31, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.50 Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 7 dated as of March 20, 2000
       by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
       Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit
       10.49 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and
       incorporated herein by reference).

 10.51 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated as of March 20, 2000 payable
       to Silicon Valley Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the Registration
       Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein by
       reference).

 10.52** Employment Agreement dated March 29, 2000 between Lionbridge and Roger
         O. Jeanty (filed as Exhibit 10.51 to the Registration Statement on
         Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.53** Non-Competition Agreement dated March 28, 2000 between Lionbridge and
         Roger O. Jeanty (filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the Registration Statement
         on Form S-4 (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein by
         reference).

 10.54   Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated March
         30, 2000 by and among Lionbridge, LTI Acquisition Corp. and INT'L.com,
         Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4
         (File No. 333-33750) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.55   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated March 30, 2000 by and among
         Lionbridge, HT Acquisition Corp and Harvard Translations, Inc. (filed
         as Exhibit 10.54 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No.
         333-33750) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.56   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 8 dated as of May 20, 2000
         by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
         Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26933)
         for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by
         reference).

 10.57   Agreement between Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and Christoph Heck
         dated as of September 29, 2000 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly
         Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26933) for the quarter ended
         September 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.58   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 9 dated as of July 20,
         2000 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
         Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26933)
         for the quarter ended September 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by
         reference).

 10.59   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 10 dated as of October 20,
         2000 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
         Exhibit 10.59 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933)
         for the year ended December 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by
         reference).

 10.60** Amendment to Employment Agreement between Lionbridge Technologies,
         Inc. And Peter H. Wright dated as of March 21, 2001 (filed as Exhibit
         10.60 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the
         year ended December 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.61   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 3 dated as of January 19,
         2001 by and among Silicon Valley Bank, INT'L.com, Inc., International
         Language Engineering Corporation, and ILE International Corporation
         (filed as Exhibit 10.61 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File
         No. 000-26933) for the year ended December 30, 2000 and incorporated
         herein by reference).

 10.62   Loan Document Modification Agreement Number 11 dated as of January 20,
         2001 by and among Lionbridge Technologies Holdings B.V., Lionbridge
         Technologies B.V., Lionbridge and Silicon Valley Bank (filed as
         Exhibit 10.62 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933)
         for the year ended December 30, 2000 and incorporated herein by
         reference).

 10.63   Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among Lionbridge
         Technologies, Inc., Diamond Acquisition Corp. and Data Dimensions,
         Inc. dated March 8, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report
         on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File No. 000-26933) and
         incorporated herein by reference).

 10.64   Option Agreement dated as of March 8, 2001 by and between Lionbridge
         Technologies, Inc. and Data Dimensions, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File No. 000-
         26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.65 Form of voting agreement dated as of March 8, 2001 by and between
       Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. and certain directors, officers and
       stockholders of Data Dimensions, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the
       Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File No. 000-26933)
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.66 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among
       Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., Diamond Acquisition Corp. and Data
       Dimensions, Inc. dated March 16, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the
       Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2001 (File No. 000-26933)
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.67 Harvard Translations, Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.4
       to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-38996) and
       incorporated herein by reference).

 10.68 IC Global Services, Inc. 1998 Stock Plan (Amended and Restated April 6,
       1999) (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8
       (File No. 333-38996) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.69 International Language Engineering Corporation Amended and Restated 1997
       Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on
       Form S-8 (File No. 333-38996) and incorporated herein by reference).

 10.70 Letter Agreement by and between Capital Resource Lenders III, L.P.,
       Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P., Morgan Stanley
       Venture Investors II Annex, L.P. and Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. dated
       March 27, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.70 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
       for the year ended December 30, 2000 (File No. 000-26933) and
       incorporated herein by reference).

 10.71 Letter Agreement by and between Capital Resource Lenders III, L.P.,
       Morgan Stanley Venture Capital Fund II Annex, L.P., Morgan Stanley
       Venture Investors II Annex, L.P. and Lionbridge Technologies Holdings,
       B.V. dated March 27, 2001 (filed as Exhibit 10.71 to the Annual Report
       on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2000 (File No. 000-26933)
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 21.1  Subsidiaries of Lionbridge (filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report
       on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26933) for the year ended December 30, 2000
       and incorporated herein by reference).

 23.1* Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with respect to the consolidated
       financial statements of Lionbridge.

 23.2* Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP with respect to the financial statements
       of Lionbridge's subsidiary, INT'L.com.

 23.3* Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with respect to the consolidated
       financial statements of Data Dimensions.

 23.4  Consent of Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

 23.5  Consent of Garvey, Schubert & Barer (included in Exhibit 8.1).

 24.1* Power of Attorney (included in signature page).

 99.1  Escrow Agreement dated as of May 18, 2000 by and among Lionbridge,
       Harvard Translations, Inc., American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (as
       Escrow Agent) and Robert C. Sprung (as Indemnification Representative)
       (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
       1, 2000 (File No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 99.2  Investment Agreement dated as of may 18, 2000 by and among Lionbridge
       and Robert C. Sprung (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report of
       Form 8-K filed June 1, 2000 (File No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein
       by reference).

 99.3  Escrow Agreement dated as of May 22, 2000 by and among Lionbridge,
       INT'L.com, Inc., American Stock Transfer & Trust Company (as Escrow
       Agent) and Seven Fingerhood (as Indemnification Representative) (filed
       as Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2000
       (File No. 000-26933) and incorporated herein by reference).

 99.4* Form of Data Dimensions Proxy.

- --------
 * Filed herewith.
** Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or
   arrangement required to be filed as an Exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c).

EX-5.1

0002.txt

OPINION OF TESTA, HURWITZ & THIBEAULT LEGALITY OF SECURITIES

                                                                     Exhibit 5.1
                                                                     -----------

                                    April __, 2001

Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.
950 Winter Street
Waltham, Massachusetts  02451

     RE:  Registration Statement on Form S-4

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     This opinion relates to an aggregate of up to 3,027,287 shares (the
"Shares") of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Lionbridge Technologies,
Inc. (the "Company"), which are issuable pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization, dated as of March 8, 2001, as amended, by and among the Company,
Diamond Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Data
Dimensions, Inc. (the "Merger Agreement") and which are to be registered
pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on April __, 2001, as amended (the "Registration
Statement").

     Based upon such investigation as we have deemed necessary, we are of the
opinion that when the Shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to the Merger
Agreement have been issued in accordance with the terms described in the Merger
Agreement, such Shares will have been validly issued and will be fully paid and
nonassessable.

     We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the
Registration Statement and to the reference to our firm in the related
prospectus under the caption "Legal Matters."

                              Very truly yours,

                              TESTA, HURWITZ & THIBEAULT, LLP

EX-8.1

0003.txt

OPINION OF GARVEY, SCHUBERT & BARER CERTAIN TAX MATTERS

                                                                     EXHIBIT 8.1
                                                                     -----------
                            [LETTERHEAD OF GARVEY,
                               SCHUBERT & BARER]

April ____, 2001

Data Dimensions, Inc.
3535 Factoria Boulevard, S.E.
Sterling Plaza, 3rd Floor
Bellevue, WA 98006

     RE:  ACQUISITION BY LIONBRIDGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as counsel to Data Dimensions, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("DDI"), in connection with the preparation and execution of the Agreement and
Plan of Reorganization dated as of March 8, 2001, as amended on March   , 2001
(the "Merger Agreement") by and among DDI, Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware Corporation ("Lionbridge"), and Diamond Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lionbridge ("Merger Subsidiary").
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into DDI
(the "Merger"), and DDI will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lionbridge.
Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used herein have the meaning
ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

     You have requested our opinion regarding certain United States federal
income tax consequences of the Merger.  In delivering this opinion, we have
reviewed the Merger Agreement, the Registration Statement on Form S-4
(Registration Number _____________) filed by Lionbridge with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), on April ____, 2001, as amended, (which contains a prospectus
and proxy statement of DDI and Lionbridge) (the "Registration Statement"), in
connection with the registration under the Securities Act of shares of
Lionbridge's common stock to be issued to the stockholders of DDI upon
consummation of the Merger, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary
or appropriate.  Further, we have, with your permission, relied upon (without
any independent investigation), and assumed as correct at all relevant times,
(i) the statements, covenants, representations and warranties contained in the
Merger Agreement (including Exhibits), and (ii) the representation letters from
Lionbridge, Merger Subsidiary, and DDI (the "Tax Representation Letters").  We
have also assumed (without independent investigation) the following:

     1.  The authenticity of original documents submitted to us, the conformity
to the originals of documents submitted to us as copies, and the due and valid
execution and delivery of all such documents where due execution and delivery
are a prerequisite to the effectiveness thereof;

     2.  The performance of all covenants contained in the Merger Agreement and
the Tax Representation Letters without waiver or breach of any material
provision thereof;

Data Dimensions, Inc.
April _, 2001
Page 2

     3.   The accuracy of any representation or statement "to the best
knowledge" or similarly qualified without such qualification; and

     4.   The reporting of the Merger as a reorganization, within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), by
DDI and Lionbridge in their respective federal income tax returns.

     Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the limitations, qualifications,
assumptions and caveats set forth herein, if the Merger is consummated in
accordance with the Merger Agreement (and without any waiver, breach or
amendment of any of the provisions thereof) and the statements set forth in the
Registration Statement and the Tax Representation Letters are true and correct
as of the effective time of the Merger, then for federal income tax purposes we
are of the opinion that:

     (i)  The Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
          Section 368(a) of the Code; and

     (ii) Each of Lionbridge, Merger Subsidiary and DDI will be a party to the
          reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.

     This opinion represents our best judgment regarding the application of
federal income tax laws under the Code, existing judicial decisions,
administrative regulations and published rulings and procedures.  Our opinion is
not binding upon the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and there is no
assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not successfully assert a
contrary position.  Furthermore, no assurance can be given that future
legislative, judicial or administrative changes, on either a prospective or
retroactive basis, would not adversely affect the accuracy of the conclusions
stated herein.  We undertake no responsibility to advise you of any new
developments in the application or interpretation of the federal income tax
laws.

     Furthermore, in the event any one of the statements, representations,
warranties or assumptions upon which we have relied to issue this opinion is
incorrect, our opinion might be adversely affected and may not be relied upon.
This opinion addresses only the matters described above, and does not address
any other federal, state, local or foreign tax consequences that may result from
the Merger or any other transaction undertaken in connection with the Merger.

     We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement under the captions ["LEGAL MATTERS"] and ["Important
United States Federal Income Tax Consequences"] in the Registration Statement.
In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit

Data Dimensions, Inc.
April __, 2001
Page 3

that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7
of the Securities Act nor do we admit that we are experts with respect to any
part of such Registration Statement within the meaning of the term "expert" as
used in the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

GARVEY, SCHUBERT & BARER

EX-23.1

0004.txt

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

   We hereby consent to the use in this Registration Statement on Form S-4 of
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. of our report dated January 29, 2001, except as
to Note 17 which is as of April 2, 2001, relating to the financial statements,
which appears in such Registration Statement. We also consent to the reference
to us under the heading "Experts" in such Registration Statement.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
April 6, 2001

EX-23.2

0005.txt

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

                   CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

   As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the use in this
registration statement on Form S-4 of Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. of our
report dated March 3, 2000 included in Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.'s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and to all references
to our Firm included in this registration statement. It should be noted that we
have not audited any financial statements of INT'L.com, Inc. subsequent to
December 31, 1999 or performed any audit procedures subsequent to the date of
our report.

                                          /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP
                                          ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
April 6, 2001

EX-23.3

0006.txt

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.3

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

   We hereby consent to the use in this Registration Statement on Form S-4 of
Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. of our report dated February 2, 2001, except as
to Note 14 which is as of March 8, 2001, relating to the financial statements
and financial statements schedules, which appears in such Registration
Statement. We also consent to the reference to us under the heading "Experts"
in such Registration Statement.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Seattle, Washington
April 5, 2001

EX-99.4

0007.txt

FORM OF DATA DIMENSIONS PROXY

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.4

                             DATA DIMENSIONS, INC.

     Proxy for Special Meeting of Stockholders to be Held __________, 2001.

     The undersigned hereby names, constitutes and appoints Peter A. Allen and
Laurence C. Leslie, or either of them acting in the absence of the other, with
full power of substitution, my true and lawful attorneys and proxies for me and
in my place and stead to attend the special meeting of the stockholders of Data
Dimensions, Inc. (the "Company") to be held at the ___________________________
on June __, 2001 at __:__ a.m. Pacific Daylight Savings Time, and at any
adjournment and postponement thereof, and to vote all the shares of common stock
held of record in the name of the undersigned on April 2, 2001, with all the
powers that the undersigned would possess if (s)he were personally present.

1.   PROPOSAL 1 - Approval and adoption of the Agreement and Plan of
     Reorganization dated as of March 8, 2001, as amended by Amendment No. 1
     dated as of March 16, 2001, by and among Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.,
     Diamond Acquisition Corp. and the Company and the merger contemplated
     thereby.

     [_] FOR          [_] AGAINST          [_] ABSTAIN

                   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE
         FOR THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION AND THE MERGER.

2.   Upon such other matters as may properly come before, or incident to the
     conduct of, the special meeting, including without limitation, potential
     adjournments or postponements of the special meeting, the proxy holders
     shall vote in such manner as they determine to be in best interests of the
     Company. Management is not presently aware of any such matters to be
     presented for action at the meeting.

THE MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY SOLICITS THIS PROXY.   IF NO INSTRUCTION IS GIVEN
(OTHER THAN BROKER NON-VOTES), THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR THE AGREEMENT AND
PLAN OF REORGANIZATION AND THE MERGER.

     Dated ____________________________________________

     __________________________________________________
     Stockholder (PRINT NAME)

     __________________________________________________
     Stockholder (SIGN NAME)

     I DO [_]          DO NOT [_]     PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING.

     The stockholder signed above reserves the right to revoke this Proxy at any
     time prior to its exercise by written notice delivered to the Company's
     Secretary at the Company's corporate offices at _________________________,
     prior to the special meeting in lieu of annual meeting. The power of the
     proxy holders shall also be suspended if the stockholder signed above
     appears at the special meeting and elects in writing to vote in person.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----