URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/941775/000103221001500353/0001032210-01-500353.txt

Y
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			BOTHEKK
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4254827000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19820 NORTH CREEK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOTHELL
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98011

S-4

ds4.txt

FORM S-4

     As Filed With The Securities And Exchange Commission On April 16, 2001
                                                      Registration No. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                --------------
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                --------------
                           DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                --------------

           Delaware                         3670                       91-1901482
 (State or other jurisdiction         (Primary Standard             (I.R.S. Employer
     of incorporation or          Industrial Classification      Identification Number)
        organization)                      Number)

                      19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100
                               Bothell, WA 98011
                                 (425) 482-7000
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   registrant's principal executive offices)

                                --------------
                               RICHARD L. EARNEST
                            Chief Executive Officer
                           Data Critical Corporation
                      19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100
                               Bothell, WA 98011
                                 (425) 482-7000
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                                   Copies to:

                   Scott J. Moore                                       Douglas F. Higham
                Michael C. Petronio                                    Scott E. McConnell
                 Pamela M. Almaguer                              Higham, McConnell & Dunning LLP
         Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP                        28202 Cabot Road, Suite 450
            719 Second Avenue, Suite 900                             Laguna Niguel, CA 92677
                 Seattle, WA 98104

                                --------------
  Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As promptly
as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective and the
effective time of the proposed merger of Viper Acquisition Corp., a wholly
owned subsidiary of the registrant, with and into VitalCom Inc. as described in
the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 12, 2001, attached as
Appendix A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus forming a part of this
registration statement.
  If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]
  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]__________
  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              Proposed        Proposed
 Title of each class of        Amount         maximum          maximum       Amount of
    securities to be           to be       offering price     aggregate     registration
       registered          registered(1)      per unit    offering price(2)    fee(3)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, $0.001 par
 value per share.......   5,206,400 shares     $1.41         $7,341,024        $1,836
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  Represents the maximum number of shares of the registrant's common stock
     that may be issued to the former stockholders of VitalCom Inc. in the
     merger, using an exchange ratio of 0.62 shares of the registrant's common
     stock for each share of VitalCom common stock.
(2)  Based on 8,397,419 shares of VitalCom common stock, par value $0.0001 per
     share, which is the maximum number of shares of VitalCom common stock that
     may be outstanding immediately prior to the merger.
(3)  Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
     the registration fee has been calculated based on a price of $1.41 per
     share of Data Critical common stock (the average of the high and low price
     per share of Data Critical common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National
     Market on April 9, 2001), and the maximum number of shares of
     Data Critical common stock that may be outstanding immediately prior to
     the consummation of the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement,
     as set forth in footnote (2) above.

                                --------------
   The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration
statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until this registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            [LOGO OF DATA CRITICAL]

                                                     , 2001

   Dear Stockholder:

   We cordially invite you to attend Data Critical Corporation's 2001 annual
meeting of stockholders. The annual meeting will be held on         , 2001, at
9:00 a.m. local time, at our headquarters, which are located at 19820 North
Creek Parkway, Suite 100, Bothell, Washington 98011.

   At the annual meeting, you will be asked to:

  . approve the issuance of Data Critical common stock in a proposed merger
    with VitalCom Inc.;

  . approve an amendment to the Data Critical Corporation 1999 Stock Option
    Plan;

  . elect two directors to our board of directors; and

  . ratify the appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as our independent public
    accountants for the 2001 fiscal year.

   The Data Critical common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "DCCA." The VitalCom common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Smallcap
Market under the symbol "VCOM."

   The board of directors recommends that you vote "FOR" the issuance of common
stock in the merger, "FOR" the amendment to our 1999 Stock Option Plan, "FOR"
the election of the nominees for director, and "FOR" the ratification of Arthur
Andersen LLP as our independent public accountants.

   Attached is a notice of annual meeting of stockholders and a joint proxy
statement/prospectus, which describes the merger in detail. For your
convenience, the first two pages of the joint proxy statement/prospectus
contain frequently asked questions and related answers about the proposed
merger. Please review the joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully. In
particular, you should carefully consider the discussion under the heading
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 14.

   You should also read carefully the accompanying notice of annual meeting of
stockholders and the section entitled "The annual meeting of Data Critical
stockholders--Other proposals" beginning on page 103 for additional information
about the other proposals being presented to Data Critical stockholders.

   Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, please complete, sign
and date the enclosed proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed
postage-prepaid envelope to ensure that your shares are represented at the
annual meeting. Your stock will be voted in accordance with the instructions
you give in your proxy. If you attend the annual meeting, you may vote in
person if you wish, even if you previously returned your proxy card. We greatly
appreciate your prompt cooperation.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          /s/ Richard L. Earnest

                                          Richard L. Earnest
                                          Chief Executive Officer

        PLEASE COMPLETE, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD.

                           DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION
                      19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100
                               Bothell, WA 98011
                                 (425) 482-7000

                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          To Be Held           , 2001

   We will hold the annual meeting of stockholders of Data Critical
Corporation, a Delaware corporation, at our headquarters, located at 19820
North Creek Parkway, Suite 100, Bothell, Washington 98011 on             ,
2001, at 9:00 a.m. local time for the following purposes:

  1.  to consider a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Data
      Critical common stock in the merger of Viper Acquisition Corp., a
      wholly owned subsidiary of Data Critical, with and into VitalCom Inc.,
      a Delaware corporation, in which, among other things:

    .  each outstanding share of VitalCom common stock (other than shares
       held by stockholders who have properly exercised their appraisal
       rights) will be exchanged for 0.62 shares of Data Critical common
       stock; and

    .  Data Critical will assume VitalCom's 1993 Stock Option Plan and 1996
       Stock Option Plan and assume each option outstanding under the
       VitalCom stock option plans.

  2.  to consider a proposal to amend the Data Critical Corporation 1999
      Stock Option Plan to increase the total number of shares of Data
      Critical common stock that can be issued under the plan;

  3.  to elect two Class II directors to the Data Critical board of
      directors, who will hold office until the third annual meeting of
      stockholders following their election or until their successors are
      elected and qualified;

  4.  to ratify the Data Critical board's appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP
      as our independent public accountants; and

  5.  such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting or
      any postponement or adjournment of the annual meeting.

   Data Critical's board of directors has determined that the merger is
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Data Critical and its
stockholders, has approved the merger and the merger agreement and unanimously
recommends that you vote "FOR" approving the issuance of shares of Data
Critical common stock in connection with the merger. The board also recommends
that you vote "FOR" amending the Data Critical Corporation 1999 Stock Option
Plan, "FOR" electing the board's nominees for director and "FOR" ratifying the
board's appointment of Data Critical's independent public accountants.

   The Data Critical board of directors has fixed the close of business on
       , 2001 as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting and any postponement or
adjournment of the annual meeting. Only holders of record of Data Critical
common stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote
at the annual meeting. The directors elected will be the two candidates
receiving the greatest number of votes cast, in person or by proxy, at the
annual meeting. Approval of each of the other three proposals to be considered
at the annual meeting requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
of the Data Critical common stock present in person or by proxy at the annual
meeting if a quorum is present.

   In considering whether to approve the issuance of shares in connection with
the merger, you should carefully read this joint proxy statement/prospectus in
its entirety. In particular, you should review the matters referred to under
"Risk Factors" starting on page 14.

   You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting. To ensure that you
are represented at the annual meeting, however, we urge you to complete, date,
sign and return the enclosed proxy as promptly as possible. We have enclosed a
postage-paid envelope for that purpose. If you attend the annual meeting, you
may vote in person even if you have returned a proxy.

                                          By order of the board of directors,

                                          /s/ Michael E. Singer

                                          Michael E. Singer
                                          Executive Vice President, Corporate
                                          Development, Chief Financial
                                          Officer, Director and Assistant
                                          Secretary

Bothell, Washington
          , 2001

                               [LOGO OF VITALCOM]

                                                    , 2001

   Dear Stockholder:

   We cordially invite you to attend a special meeting of the stockholders of
VitalCom Inc., which will be held on          , 2001, at 9:00 a.m. local time,
at our headquarters at 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, California 92860.

   At the special meeting, you will be asked to approve a merger agreement that
will combine our company with Data Critical Corporation. In the merger, you
will be entitled to receive 0.62 shares of Data Critical common stock for each
share of VitalCom common stock you own.

   The Data Critical common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "DCCA." The VitalCom common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Smallcap
Market under the symbol "VCOM."

   The merger cannot be completed unless the holders of at least a majority of
the outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock as of the record date vote in
favor of adopting the merger agreement. Holders of approximately 61% of the
outstanding VitalCom common stock have executed voting agreements agreeing to
vote their VitalCom shares in favor of adopting the merger agreement. These
VitalCom stockholders have also irrevocably appointed Data Critical
representatives as proxies to vote their VitalCom shares in favor of adoption
of the merger agreement. Consequently, the voting agreements effectively ensure
that the required approval by VitalCom stockholders will be obtained,
regardless of whether or how other VitalCom stockholders vote their shares.
This is true even if the VitalCom board of directors withdraws or modifies its
unanimous recommendation that VitalCom stockholders vote in favor of adoption
of the merger agreement. Only holders of VitalCom common stock at the close of
business on         , 2001 will be entitled to vote at the special meeting.

   VitalCom's board of directors has determined that the merger is advisable
and fair to, and in the best interests of, VitalCom and its stockholders. The
board of directors has approved the merger agreement and unanimously recommends
that you vote "FOR" adopting the merger agreement.

   Attached is a notice of special meeting to stockholders and a joint proxy
statement/prospectus, which describes the merger in detail. For your
convenience, the first two pages of the joint proxy statement/prospectus
contain frequently asked questions and related answers about the proposed
merger. Please review the joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully. In
particular, you should carefully consider the discussion under the heading
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 14.

   Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please complete, sign and
date the enclosed proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed postage-
paid envelope to ensure that your shares are represented at the special
meeting. Your stock will be voted in accordance with the instructions you give
in your proxy. If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person if you
wish, even if you have previously returned your proxy card.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          /s/ Frank T. Sample

                                          Frank T. Sample
                                          President and Chief Executive
                                           Officer

                                 VITALCOM INC.
                              15222 Del Amo Avenue
                                Tustin, CA 92680
                                 (714) 546-0147

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          To Be Held           , 2001

   We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of VitalCom Inc., a Delaware
corporation, at our headquarters, located at 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin,
California 92680 on             , 2001, at 9:00 a.m. local time for the
following purposes:

  1.  To consider a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
      as of March 12, 2001 by and among VitalCom, Data Critical Corporation
      and Viper Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Data
      Critical, pursuant to which Viper Acquisition Corp. will merge with and
      into VitalCom. In the merger, VitalCom stockholders will receive 0.62
      shares of Data Critical common stock for each share of VitalCom common
      stock that they hold (other than those shares for which stockholders
      have properly exercised their appraisal rights), and VitalCom will
      become a wholly owned subsidiary of Data Critical; and

  2.  To transact such other business as may properly come before the special
      meeting or any postponement or adjournment of the special meeting.

   The VitalCom board of directors has determined that the merger is advisable
and fair to, and in the best interests of, VitalCom and its stockholders, has
unanimously approved the merger and unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR"
adopting the merger agreement.

   The VitalCom board of directors has fixed the close of business on
            , 2001 as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting. Only holders of record of VitalCom common
stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote at the
special meeting. Adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of VitalCom common
stock.

   Holders of approximately 61% of the outstanding VitalCom common stock have
executed voting agreements agreeing to vote their VitalCom shares in favor of
adopting the merger agreement. These VitalCom stockholders have also
irrevocably appointed Data Critical representatives as proxies to vote their
VitalCom shares in favor of adopting the merger agreement. Consequently, the
voting agreements effectively ensure that the required approval by VitalCom
stockholders will be obtained, regardless of whether or how other VitalCom
stockholders vote their shares. This is true even if the VitalCom board of
directors withdraws or modifies its unanimous recommendation that VitalCom
stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

   As a holder of VitalCom common stock, you have certain appraisal rights with
respect to the proposed merger. In order to exercise your appraisal rights, you
must not vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement. Your appraisal rights
are governed by specific legal provisions contained in section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law. A summary of section 262 is included in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus in the section entitled "The Special Meeting
of VitalCom Stockholders--Appraisal rights." The complete text of section 262
of the Delaware General Corporation Law is attached as Appendix D to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. If VitalCom stockholders beneficially holding more
than 10% of VitalCom common stock outstanding as of the VitalCom record date
properly exercise their appraisal rights under Delaware law, then Data Critical
will not be obligated to complete the merger. However, Data Critical may
nevertheless waive its right not to complete the merger if the 10% threshold is
exceeded.

   This notice constitutes notice of your appraisal rights as such notice is
required under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

   In considering whether to vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement,
you should carefully read this joint proxy statement/prospectus in its
entirety. In particular, you should read the matters referred to under "Risk
Factors" starting on page 14.

   You are cordially invited to attend the special meeting. To ensure that you
are represented at the special meeting, however, we urge you to complete, sign,
date and return the enclosed proxy as promptly as possible. We have enclosed a
postage-paid envelope for that purpose. If you attend the special meeting, you
may vote in person even if you have returned your proxy card.

                                          By order of the board of directors,

                                          /s/ Scott E. Lamb

                                          Scott E. Lamb
                                          Secretary

Tustin, California
          , 2001

   For a discussion of significant matters that should be considered before
voting at the VitalCom special meeting or the Data Critical annual meeting, see
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 14.

   The joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated             , 2001, and is
first being mailed to stockholders of Data Critical and VitalCom on or about
            , 2001.

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of the Data Critical common stock to be
issued in connection with the merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of
the joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a
criminal offense.

   The joint proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell these
securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any
state or jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

    The joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business
 and financial information about Data Critical and VitalCom that is not
 included in or delivered with the joint proxy statement/prospectus. This
 information is available without charge to Data Critical stockholders and
 VitalCom stockholders upon written or oral request. Stockholders should
 contact: Data Critical Corporation, 19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100,
 Bothell, Washington 98011, Attention: Investor Relations, phone number:
 (425) 482-7000 or VitalCom Inc., 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, California
 92680, Attention: Investor Relations, phone number: (714) 546-0147.

    To obtain timely delivery of requested documents before the Data
 Critical annual meeting and the VitalCom special meeting, you must request
 them no later than             , 2001, which is five business days before
 the date of the annual meeting and the special meeting.

    Also see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 4 in the joint
 proxy statement/prospectus.

                             Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law

  APPENDIX E -- Annual Report on Form 10-K of Data Critical for the fiscal
                year ended December 31, 2000

  APPENDIX F -- Annual Report on Form 10-K of VitalCom for the fiscal year
                ended December 31, 2000

  APPENDIX G -- Data Critical Corporation 1999 Stock Option Plan

  APPENDIX H -- Data Critical Corporation Charter for the Audit Committee of
                the Board of Directors

                                      iii

         QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE DATA CRITICAL/VITALCOM MERGER

Q: Why are Data Critical and VitalCom proposing to merge?

A: Data Critical and VitalCom believe that the merger will bring two leaders in
the wireless hospital communications market together into a single company that
will enjoy the benefits of scale, superior technology, broader product
offerings, a wider customer base and a lower cost structure. Data Critical has
concentrated on decentralized wireless communications and has a number of
distribution and marketing arrangements with key industry participants.
VitalCom has focused on the centralized monitoring market and has developed
innovative technology with far-reaching application to the wireless hospital
communications market. The companies believe that by combining they will be
better able to compete, take advantage of market opportunities, and serve the
needs of their customers than either company could independently. The merger
offers the opportunity to combine and leverage two highly complimentary product
lines, technologies and customer bases to the combined company's benefit, while
reducing overall costs by consolidating and reducing corporate overhead,
corporate and regulatory compliance expenses, and engineering, manufacturing,
management and sales functions-with the ultimate goal of accelerating the path
to profitability.

Q: If I am a VitalCom stockholder, what will I receive in the merger?

A: If the merger is completed, you will receive 0.62 shares of Data Critical
common stock for each share of VitalCom common stock that you own (other than
shares for which you have properly exercised your appraisal rights).

Data Critical will not issue fractions of its shares to you in the merger.
Instead, you will receive cash equal to the product of the applicable fraction
multiplied by the average of the last reported sales prices of Data Critical
common stock for the last 20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the
effective date of the merger.

Q: If I am a Data Critical stockholder, how will the merger affect me?

A: While the merger will not directly affect your shares of Data Critical
stock, your ownership percentage of the combined entity will be diluted. Based
on the capitalization of Data Critical on March 12, 2001, existing Data
Critical stockholders will own approximately 70% of the combined company, and
the former VitalCom stockholders will own approximately 30% of the combined
company.

Q: Will the exchange ratio change if the price of Data Critical common stock or
VitalCom common stock fluctuates?

A: No. The exchange ratio of 0.62 is fixed, and will not be adjusted for any
changes in the market price of either Data Critical common stock or VitalCom
common stock.

Q: Will the shares of Data Critical common stock issued in the merger be freely
transferrable?

A: All shares of Data Critical common stock received by VitalCom stockholders
in the merger will be unrestricted and freely transferable, other than shares
received by VitalCom stockholders who are deemed to be affiliates of VitalCom
or Data Critical. These affiliates will only be able to sell their shares in
accordance with the resale restrictions of Rule 145 of the Securities Act.

Q: What stockholder votes are required to complete the merger?

A: A majority of the outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock entitled to
vote must vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement. In addition, a
majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the Data Critical
annual meeting must vote in favor of issuing the Data Critical common stock to
VitalCom stockholders in the merger.

Holders of approximately 61% of the outstanding VitalCom common stock have
executed voting agreements agreeing to vote their VitalCom shares in favor of
adopting the merger agreement. These VitalCom stockholders have also
irrevocably appointed Data Critical representatives as proxies to vote their
VitalCom shares in favor of adoption of the merger agreement. Consequently, the
voting agreements effectively ensure that the required approval by VitalCom
stockholders will be obtained, regardless of whether or how other VitalCom
stockholders vote their shares. This is true even if the VitalCom board of
directors withdraws or modifies its unanimous recommendation that VitalCom
stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: How can I vote?

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should indicate on your proxy card how
you want to vote, and sign, date and mail the proxy card in the enclosed return
envelope as soon as possible so that your shares are represented at the
VitalCom special meeting or Data Critical annual meeting.

Q: Can I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy card?

A: Yes. You may revoke your signed proxy at any time before it is voted at Data
Critical's or VitalCom's stockholders meeting. To revoke your proxy you may
execute and deliver a proxy with a later date or a written notice of revocation
to the corporate secretary (or, if your proxy relates to shares of Data
Critical common stock, the assistant secretary). You may also revoke your
signed proxy by attending the stockholder meeting and voting in person.

Q: If my broker holds my shares in "street name," will my broker vote my shares
for me?

A: Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to
vote. You should instruct your broker to vote your shares according to the
directions your broker provides.

Q: What will happen to my vote if I don't return or mark my proxy card?

A: If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you sign, date and return your
proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted
as a vote "FOR" the proposals presented at the meeting. If you are a Data
Critical stockholder and you fail to return your proxy card, it will have no
effect on the vote taken at the annual meeting.

If you are a VitalCom stockholder and you sign, date and return your proxy card
without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote
in favor of adopting the merger agreement. If you are a VitalCom stockholder
and you fail to return your proxy card, it will have the same effect as a vote
against adopting the merger agreement.

Q: Should VitalCom stockholders send in their stock certificates now?

A: No. After the merger is completed, Data Critical or its exchange agent will
send you written instructions for exchanging your VitalCom stock certificates
for Data Critical stock certificates.

Q: When do you expect to complete the merger?

A: Both companies are working toward completing the merger as quickly as
possible. In addition to several other closing conditions, we must obtain
approval from the stockholders of both Data Critical and VitalCom before we can
complete the merger. If we obtain all necessary approvals and the other closing
conditions are satisfied, we hope to complete the merger in              2001.

Q: If I am a VitalCom stockholder, what are the tax consequences of the merger
to me?

A: In most cases, the exchange of shares by VitalCom stockholders will be "tax-
free" for federal income tax purposes. However, you may have to report a
taxable gain or loss if, and to the extent that, you receive cash upon proper
exercise of your appraisal rights or for fractional shares. To review the tax
consequences to you and to VitalCom in more detail, see the discussion under
the heading "The Merger--Material U.S. federal income tax consequences"
beginning on page 74. You should also consult your tax advisor.

                      WHO CAN HELP ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS?

   If you have additional questions about this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, you should contact:

                           Data Critical Corporation
                      19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100
                               Bothell, WA 98011
                          Phone Number: (425) 482-7000
                         Attention: Investor Relations

                                 VitalCom Inc.
                              15222 Del Amo Avenue
                                Tustin, CA 92680
                          Phone Number: (714) 546-0147
                             Attention: Cheryl Isen

   If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you have additional questions
about solicitation of your proxy, you should contact:

                          Mellon Investor Services LLC
                               85 Challenger Road
                           Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
                                 (917) 320-6285

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

   The following documents that were filed with the SEC are attached as
appendices to this joint proxy statement/prospectus:

  .  Data Critical's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
     December 31, 2000; and

  .  VitalCom's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
     31, 2000.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus also incorporates by reference some
documents that are not presented in or delivered with this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. These include:

  .  Data Critical's current reports on Form 8-K filed January 16, 2001,
     January 23, 2001, February 9, 2001, February 27, 2001, two filed March
     27, 2001 and one filed April 12, 2001.

   All information in the documents incorporated by reference is deemed to be a
part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information
superseded by information included in or incorporated by reference from
subsequently filed documents into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   We will provide a copy of any and all of the information that is
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus (not
including exhibits to the information unless those exhibits are specifically
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus) to any
person, without charge, upon their written or oral request. Requests for
documents filed by Data Critical should be delivered to Assistant Secretary,
Data Critical Corporation, 19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100, Bothell,
Washington 98011. Requests for documents filed by VitalCom should be delivered
to Secretary, VitalCom Inc., 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, California 92680.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Data Critical and VitalCom file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information filed by Data Critical and VitalCom at
the SEC's public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New York City, and
Chicago. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the
public reference rooms. Data Critical's and VitalCom's filings are also
available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and on the
Internet at http://www.sec.gov.

   Data Critical filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC to
register the Data Critical common stock to be issued to VitalCom stockholders
in the merger. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that
registration statement. As allowed by the SEC's rules, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information you can find in
the registration statement or the exhibits to the registration statement. This
joint proxy statement/prospectus summarizes some of the documents that are
exhibits to the registration statement, and you should refer to the exhibits
for a more complete description of the matters covered by those documents.

   Neither Data Critical nor VitalCom has authorized anyone to give any
information regarding the solicitation of consents or the offering of shares of
Data Critical common stock that is different from the information contained in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents to which we have
referred you. This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of anyone to whom
it would be unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. You should not assume
that the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
accurate as of any time after the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and neither the mailing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to stockholders nor the issuance of Data Critical common
stock in the merger should imply anything to the contrary.

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   Some of the statements in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are forward-
looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements include statements about the plans, objectives, expectations,
intentions and future financial performance of Data Critical, VitalCom and the
combined company and other statements that are not historical facts. We use
words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future and intends, and similar
expressions, to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these
words does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. You should not
unduly rely on these forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ
significantly from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many
reasons, including the risks described under "Risk Factors" beginning on
page 14 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and under "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in
Data Critical's annual report on Form 10-K and in VitalCom's annual report on
Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus are made as of the date hereof, based on information
available to us as of the date hereof. Neither Data Critical nor VitalCom is
obligated to update any forward-looking statement or risk factor.

                                   TRADEMARKS

   StatView(TM), AlarmView(TM), FlexView(R), ECGStat(TM), Wireless
Telemedicine(TM), WT(TM), CardioVoice(TM), WebChart(TM), WebChart
Cardiovascular(TM), PocketChart(TM), unwiredDr(TM), Paceart(R) and the
Data Critical Corporation name and corporate logo are all trademarks of Data
Critical Corporation. Data Critical also has other trademarks that it uses in
its business.

   VitalCom(R), OpenNet(R), SiteLink(R), PatientNet(TM) and Patient Browser(TM)
are all trademarks of VitalCom Inc. VitalCom has other trademarks that it uses
in its business.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus may also include trade names and
trademarks of companies other than Data Critical or VitalCom. Our use of any
third-party trade name or trademark in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
in an editorial fashion only, and to the benefit of the owner thereof, with no
intention of commercially using or infringing any trade name or trademark.

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To understand the merger fully and for a more complete
description of the legal terms of the merger, you should carefully read this
entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents to which we have
referred you.

   VitalCom has provided the information in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus about VitalCom, and Data Critical has provided the
information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus about Data Critical.

                                 The Companies

   Data Critical. Data Critical Corporation is a leader in the design,
manufacture, marketing and support of wireless health information communication
systems for use by hospitals and physicians. Data Critical's technology enables
access to patient-specific vital signs and other diagnostic data. Its systems
transmit complex and time-critical patient data over a wireless network and
enable remote access through either its proprietary interactive device, a
personal computer or the Internet. Its systems are designed to enhance the
quality, cost, efficiency, safety and outcome of healthcare.

   Data Critical was incorporated in Oklahoma in October 1992 under the name
Intellicomm Corp. The company changed its name to Data Critical Corporation in
October 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in March 1998. Data Critical's
principal executive offices are located at 19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite
100, Bothell, WA 98011, and its telephone number is (425) 482-7000.

   VitalCom. VitalCom Inc. is a leading developer of some of the country's
largest open and wireless patient information networks for healthcare
enterprises. VitalCom's PatientNet system creates an enterprise-wide wireless
infrastructure and collects patient information from other manufacturers'
monitoring and bedside devices. The patient information is analyzed using
sophisticated arrhythmia detection software. PatientNet provides caregivers
with time-critical access to patient information, including notification of
critical patient events in real time. This information can be distributed via
the Internet, a hospital-wide wireless local area network, or LAN, or a
hospital intranet. A wide area network, or WAN, can be used to link multiple
hospital facilities to information in the PatientNet system.

   VitalCom was incorporated in California in June 1992 under the name Pacific
Communications, Inc. The company changed its name to New PCI, Inc. and
reincorporated in Delaware in December 1992. In December 1995, New PCI, Inc.
merged with ACCUCORE, Inc., a Delaware corporation. ACCUCORE changed its name
to VitalCom Inc. in January 1996. VitalCom's principal executive offices are
located at 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, CA 92680, and its telephone number is
(714) 546-0147.

                            The Stockholder Meetings

The Data Critical annual meeting (see page 39 and page 103).

   The annual meeting of Data Critical stockholders will be held at Data
Critical's headquarters, located at 19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100,
Bothell, Washington on        , 2001 at 9:00 a.m. local time. At the annual
meeting, Data Critical will ask its stockholders to:

  .  approve the issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in the
     merger.

   This proposal is referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the
Data Critical merger proposal. In addition to the Data Critical merger
proposal, at the annual meeting Data Critical stockholders will consider and
vote on proposals to:

  .  increase the total number of shares of Data Critical common stock that
     can be issued under the 1999 Data Critical Stock Option Plan;

  .  elect two Class II directors; and

  .  confirm the appointment of its independent auditors.

   Data Critical stockholders may also consider and vote on such other matters
as may be properly brought before the annual meeting.

Data Critical record date and voting power (see page 40).

   Only holders of record of Data Critical common stock at the close of
business on         , 2001, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to
vote at the annual meeting. There were approximately       holders of record of
Data Critical common stock at the close of business on the record date, with
approximately           shares of Data Critical common stock issued and
outstanding. Each stockholder of record of Data Critical common stock is
entitled to cast one vote per share on each matter submitted for stockholder
approval.

Data Critical vote required (see page 40).

   The two nominees for director who receive the most votes at the annual
meeting will be elected. Approval of each of the other three proposals to be
presented at the annual meeting, including the proposal to approve the issuance
of Data Critical common stock in the merger, requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of all shares of Data Critical common stock present, in person or by
proxy, at the Data Critical annual meeting.

   As of the record date, the directors and executive officers of Data Critical
owned approximately           shares, or    % of the outstanding shares of Data
Critical common stock entitled to vote at the annual meeting.

The VitalCom special meeting (see page 42).

   The special meeting of VitalCom stockholders will be held at VitalCom's
headquarters, located at 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, California, on        ,
2001 at 9:00 a.m. local time. At the special meeting, VitalCom will ask its
stockholders to adopt the merger agreement.

   VitalCom stockholders may also consider and vote on such other matters as
may be properly brought before the special meeting.

VitalCom record date and voting power (see page 42).

   Only holders of record of VitalCom common stock at the close of business on
        , 2001, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
VitalCom special meeting. There were approximately       holders of record of
VitalCom common stock at the close of business on the record date, with
          shares of VitalCom common stock issued and outstanding. Each
stockholder of VitalCom common stock is entitled to cast one vote per share on
each matter submitted for stockholder approval.

VitalCom vote required (see page 42).

   Adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of a majority
of all shares of VitalCom common stock outstanding on the record date.

   As of the record date, the directors and executive officers of VitalCom
owned approximately           shares, or    % of the outstanding shares of
VitalCom common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Voting agreements (see page 43 and page 77).

   Several VitalCom stockholders have entered into voting agreements with Data
Critical, in which they agreed to vote their shares of VitalCom common stock in
favor of adopting the merger agreement. They also granted irrevocable proxies
to executive officers of Data Critical to vote their shares of VitalCom common
stock at the special meeting. Approximately 4,921,230 shares of VitalCom common
stock, or approximately 61% of the outstanding shares, are subject to the
voting agreements and irrevocable proxies. Consequently, the voting agreements
effectively ensure that the required approval by VitalCom stockholders will be
obtained, regardless of whether or how other VitalCom stockholders vote their
shares. This is true even if the VitalCom board of directors withdraws or
modifies its unanimous recommendation that VitalCom stockholders vote in favor
of adoption of the merger agreement.

                                   The Merger

Ownership and existence of VitalCom after the merger (see page 52).

   If the merger is completed, Viper Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Data Critical, also referred to as Viper, will merge with and
into VitalCom. VitalCom will survive as a wholly owned subsidiary of Data
Critical. Each stockholder that owned common stock in VitalCom before the
merger (other than those who properly exercise their appraisal rights under
Delaware law), will receive Data Critical common stock in the merger.

Management and operations following the merger (see page 52).

   Before the merger, Data Critical's board of directors consisted of seven
members. After the merger, it will consist of eight members. Frank T. Sample,
president, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of VitalCom will
join the Data Critical board of directors. Elizabeth H. Weatherman, a designee
of Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P., will also join the Data Critical board of
directors. One member of Data Critical's current board of directors, George M.
Middlemas, will resign upon the effective time of the merger. Mr. Sample will
become the vice chairman of Data Critical and group president of VitalCom
following the merger. Additional announcements regarding the specific
composition of Data Critical's management team will follow.

What VitalCom stockholders will receive (see page 78).

   Based on VitalCom's capitalization on March 12, 2001, the last trading day
before the announcement of the merger, VitalCom stockholders will receive a
total of approximately 5,125,180 shares of Data Critical common stock in the
merger. This is equal to 0.62 shares of Data Critical common stock for each
outstanding share of VitalCom common stock.

   VitalCom stockholders will not receive fractional shares. Instead, each
VitalCom stockholder otherwise entitled to a fraction of a share of Data
Critical common stock will receive cash. The amount of cash will be equal to
the product of the fraction multiplied by the average closing price of Data
Critical common stock for the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the trading
day immediately preceding the effective time of the merger.

   Based on Data Critical's capitalization on March 12, 2001, the holders of
VitalCom common stock will hold approximately 30% of the total number of shares
of Data Critical common stock outstanding immediately after completion of the
merger.

If you are a VitalCom stockholder, do not send in your VitalCom stock
certificates until instructed to do so after the merger is completed. After the
merger is completed Data Critical or its exchange agent will instruct VitalCom
stockholders how to exchange their VitalCom stock certificates.

   If you are a Data Critical stockholder, you will keep your existing Data
Critical stock certificates.

Interests of VitalCom officers and directors in the merger (see page 72).

   In considering the VitalCom board of directors' recommendation that you vote
"FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement, you should be aware that some
officers and directors of VitalCom have interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, your interests. These interests involve
employment agreements, consulting arrangements, accelerated vesting of stock
options, incentive payments, severance plans and post-merger indemnification by
Data Critical.

Conditions to the merger (see page 89).

   The obligations of Data Critical and VitalCom to complete the merger are
contingent on a number of conditions described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus being satisfied or waived.

Termination of the merger agreement; termination fees (see page 91).

   Data Critical and VitalCom may terminate the merger agreement under a number
of circumstances

described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If Data Critical terminates
the merger agreement because its board (1) withdraws its recommendation or (2)
approves an offer to participate in a different transaction that precludes the
merger, Data Critical will be required to pay VitalCom a termination fee of
$500,000. If VitalCom terminates the merger agreement because (1) its board
withdraws its recommendation, (2) VitalCom signs a letter of intent with
another potential acquirer or (3) VitalCom breaches its agreement not to
solicit other buyers, VitalCom will be required to pay Data Critical a
termination fee of $500,000. In addition, if VitalCom completes a merger with
another party within one year after termination of its merger agreement with
Data Critical, it will be required to pay Data Critical $1,000,000 minus any
previously paid termination fee.

Completion of the merger.

   Assuming that both Data Critical and VitalCom satisfy or waive all of the
conditions to effectiveness of the merger, Data Critical and VitalCom currently
anticipate that the merger will be completed in            2001.

Accounting treatment (see page 76).

   The merger will be accounted for as a purchase.

Opinions of financial advisors (see page 59).

   Data Critical retained U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to provide financial
advice with respect to the merger and render an opinion as to the fairness of
the merger consideration, from a financial point of view, to Data Critical. On
March 12, 2001, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered its oral opinion
(subsequently confirmed in writing) to the Data Critical board of directors
that the merger consideration to be paid by Data Critical to VitalCom
stockholders in the merger is fair, from a financial point of view to Data
Critical.

   VitalCom retained Pinnacle Partners, Inc. to provide financial advice with
respect to the merger and render an opinion as to the fairness of the exchange
ratio in the merger, from a financial point of view, to VitalCom's
stockholders. On March 12, 2001, Pinnacle Partners, Inc., rendered its oral
opinion (subsequently affirmed in writing) to the VitalCom board of directors
that the exchange ratio in the merger is fair, from a financial point of view,
to VitalCom's stockholders.

   The final opinions of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Pinnacle Partners, Inc.
are attached as Appendices B and C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We
encourage you to read these opinions. These opinions address only the fairness
of the merger consideration to Data Critical and the exchange ratio to VitalCom
stockholders from a financial point of view, and you should not consider them a
recommendation as to how you should vote.

Material U.S. federal income tax consequences (see page 74).

   VitalCom stockholders. The merger has been structured so that most VitalCom
stockholders will not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax
purposes in the merger, except for tax payable because of cash received by
VitalCom stockholders instead of fractional shares of Data Critical common
stock or pursuant to their appraisal rights.

   Data Critical stockholders. The merger will not be a taxable event for Data
Critical stockholders.

Appraisal rights (see page 43).

   VitalCom stockholders. Under Delaware law, VitalCom stockholders who do not
vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement are entitled to appraisal rights
in connection with the merger and to receive the fair value of their shares in
cash rather than shares of Data Critical common stock as specified in the
merger agreement. If you properly request appraisal, the fair value of your
shares will be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and may be less
than or greater than the value of the consideration to be paid to VitalCom
stockholders who do not seek appraisal. This right to appraisal is subject to a
number of restrictions and technical requirements. If you fail to strictly
comply with all of the restrictions and requirements, you will lose

your appraisal rights. Generally, in order to exercise your appraisal rights
you must:

  .  send a written demand to VitalCom for appraisal in compliance with the
     Delaware General Corporation Law before the proposal to adopt the merger
     agreement is voted on;

  .  not vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement; and

  .  continuously hold your VitalCom common stock from the date you make the
     demand for appraisal through the completion of the merger.

   Merely voting against the merger will not protect your rights to an
appraisal. The requirements under Delaware law for exercising appraisal rights
are described in further detail in the section of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled "The Special Meeting of VitalCom stockholders--
Appraisal rights" beginning on page 43. The complete text of section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law is attached as Appendix D to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

   If you vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement, you will waive your
rights to seek appraisal of your shares of VitalCom common stock under Delaware
law.

   If VitalCom stockholders beneficially holding more than 10% of VitalCom
common stock outstanding as of the VitalCom record date properly exercise their
appraisal rights under Delaware law, then Data Critical will not be obligated
to complete the merger. However, Data Critical may nevertheless waive its right
not to complete the merger if the 10% threshold is exceeded.

   Data Critical stockholders. Under Delaware law, Data Critical stockholders
are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

Listing of Data Critical common stock

   The shares of Data Critical common stock to be issued in the merger will be
listed on the Nasdaq National Market.

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

   The following table sets forth:

  .  unaudited historical basic and diluted loss and book value per share
     data of Data Critical and VitalCom as of and for the year ended December
     31, 2000;

  .  unaudited pro forma consolidated basic and diluted net loss and book
     value per share data of Data Critical and VitalCom after giving effect
     to the merger as a purchase, based on an exchange ratio of 0.62 and
     resulting in 5,125,180 shares of Data Critical common stock to be issued
     in exchange for outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock in the
     merger;

  .  unaudited equivalent pro forma consolidated basic and diluted net loss
     and book value per share data is based upon Data Critical's unaudited
     pro forma per share data as of and for the year ended December 31, 2000.

   You should read this information along with the selected historical
financial information, the unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial
statements, the separate consolidated financial statements and notes to the
consolidated financial statements of Data Critical and VitalCom included
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial data, while helpful in
illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined company under one
set of assumptions, is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or
financial position that would have been achieved if Data Critical and VitalCom
had completed the merger at the beginning of the periods presented and you
should not construe the data as representative of future operating results of
the combined company. The pro forma does not reflect any costs associated with
the integration and consolidation of the companies anticipated by the
management of Data Critical.

                                                   As of and for the year ended
                                                        December 31, 2000
                                                   ----------------------------

Historical -- Data Critical:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share............             $(1.20)
 Book value per share(1).........................             $ 2.99

Historical -- VitalCom:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share............             $(0.79)
 Book value per share(1).........................             $ 1.26

Pro Forma Consolidated:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share............             $(1.34)
 Book value per share............................             $ 2.73

Equivalent Pro Forma Consolidated -- per VitalCom
 share:
 Basic and diluted net loss per share(2).........             $(0.83)
 Book value per share(2).........................             $ 1.69

- --------
(1)  Computed by dividing total stockholders' equity by the number of shares of
     common stock outstanding at the end of the period.

(2)  Computed by multiplying Data Critical's pro forma consolidated basic and
     diluted net loss per share and pro forma consolidated book value per
     common share by the exchange ratio of 0.62.

               COMPARATIVE STOCK PRICE DATA AND DIVIDEND HISTORY

   Data Critical common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "DCCA" since November 9, 1999, the date of Data Critical's
initial public offering. VitalCom common stock was traded on the Nasdaq
National Market from February 14, 1996, the date of VitalCom's initial public
offering, until September 27, 1999, and has been traded on the Nasdaq Smallcap
Market under the symbol "VCOM" since September 28, 1999.

   The following table lists, for the periods indicated, the quarterly high and
low sales prices per share of Data Critical common stock and VitalCom common
stock.

                               Data Critical Common Stock  VitalCom Common Stock
                               --------------------------- ---------------------
                                   High           Low         High       Low
                               ------------- ------------- ---------------------

 First Quarter................           N/A           N/A      $3.00      $1.16
 Second Quarter...............           N/A           N/A       2.25       1.06
 Third Quarter................           N/A           N/A       2.38       1.75
 Fourth Quarter (1)...........        $16.73         $9.00       3.50       0.75

 First Quarter................        $50.75        $12.50      $8.38      $1.56
 Second Quarter...............         23.94          5.50       3.38       1.13
 Third Quarter................         15.56          7.19       3.25       1.31
 Fourth Quarter...............          7.56          1.25       5.25       1.00

- --------
(1)  The high and low prices indicated for Data Critical during this period are
     from November 9, 1999, the date of Data Critical's initial public
     offering.

   The following table sets forth the closing sale prices per share of Data
Critical common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market and VitalCom
common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Smallcap Market. In addition, the table
sets forth the estimated equivalent per share price of VitalCom common stock on
March 12, 2001, the last trading day before the proposed merger was publicly
announced, and on April 12, 2001, the most recent practicable date prior to the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This table also lists the
equivalent per share price of VitalCom common stock on those days. The
estimated equivalent price per share is equal to the per share price of Data
Critical common stock multiplied by the exchange ratio of 0.62 shares of Data
Critical common stock for each share of VitalCom common stock.

                                                            Estimated equivalent
                             Data Critical     VitalCom           VitalCom
                            per share price per share price   per share price
                            --------------- --------------- --------------------

March 12, 2001.............      $2.13           $1.81             $1.32
April 12, 2001.............       1.72            1.18              0.73

   As of April 12, 2001, there were approximately 186 holders of record of Data
Critical common stock.

   After the merger, Data Critical's common stock will continue to be traded on
the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "DCCA". There will no longer be any
public market for VitalCom common stock.

   Neither Data Critical nor VitalCom has ever declared or paid cash dividends
on shares of its common stock. Data Critical has a general policy to retain
earnings for use in its business. The actual prices of shares of Data Critical
and VitalCom common stock fluctuate continuously and we cannot guarantee or
predict the Data Critical and VitalCom prices per share up to or at the time
they complete the merger.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   The merger involves a high degree of risk. Also, by voting in favor of
adoption of the merger agreement, VitalCom stockholders will be choosing to
invest in Data Critical common stock. An investment in Data Critical common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider the following risk
factors in evaluating whether to adopt the merger agreement (or, in the case of
Data Critical stockholders, in evaluating whether to vote in favor of the
issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in connection with the
merger). You should consider these factors in conjunction with the other
information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
appendices to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If any of the following
risks actually occur, the business, financial condition and results of
operations of either or both of Data Critical and VitalCom may be seriously
harmed. In such case, the trading price of Data Critical common stock may
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks related to the merger

Integration of operations will be complex, time consuming and expensive and may
adversely affect the results of operations of the combined company.

   The anticipated benefits of the merger will depend in part on whether Data
Critical and VitalCom can integrate their operations in an efficient and
effective manner. Integrating Data Critical and VitalCom will be a complex,
time-consuming and expensive process. Successful integration will require
favorably combining each company's:

  . business culture and management style;

  . business operations, including manufacturing, sales, marketing and
    distribution operations;

  . strategic business goals;

  . business development efforts;

  . geographically separate facilities; and

  . research and development efforts.

   The combined company may not accomplish this integration successfully. The
diversion of management's attention to the integration effort and any
difficulty encountered in combining operations could cause the interruption of,
or a loss of momentum in, the activities of either or both of the companies'
businesses. Furthermore, employee morale may suffer, and the combined company
may have difficulty retaining key scientists, managers and other employees.
Finally, even if integration is successful, the combined company may not
achieve the cost savings originally expected or intended as a result of the
merger. If the combined company cannot successfully accomplish integration of
Data Critical's and VitalCom's operations efficiently or effectively, the
combined company's business will be harmed.

The merger will result in costs of integration and transaction expenses that
could adversely affect combined financial results.

   If the benefits of the merger do not exceed the costs of the merger,
including the dilution to the Data Critical stockholders resulting from the
issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in the merger, Data Critical's
financial results, including earnings per share, could be harmed. Data Critical
and VitalCom estimate that they will incur aggregate direct transaction costs
of approximately $2.1 million associated with the merger and related severance
costs of approximately $0.3 million. Data Critical also expects to incur
integration costs after completion of the merger.

   Actual costs may substantially exceed Data Critical's expectations. In
addition, unanticipated expenses associated with integrating the two companies
may arise. As a result Data Critical's business may be harmed. Data Critical
expects to incur a non-cash charge, currently estimated to be $1.8 million, in
the second quarter of 2001 to reflect Data Critical's write-off of VitalCom's
in-process research and development efforts. Data Critical may also incur
additional charges in subsequent quarters to reflect costs associated with the
merger.

The combined company will need additional capital, and its ability to secure
additional funding is uncertain.

   The combined company will require substantial capital resources to conduct
its operations. The combined company's future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including:

  . the time and costs involved in completing the merger and integrating the
    two companies, including integration of each company's operations and
    technology;

  . the ability of the combined company to expand its product line and
    increase sales;

  . the costs involved in developing, acquiring or licensing new technologies
    and products;

  . the ability of the combined company to maintain and establish corporate
    partnerships, distribution channels and licensing arrangements;

  . the ability of the combined company to respond to competitive pressures;

  . the ability of the combined company to realize long-term cost savings as
    a result of the merger;

  . the costs involved in developing or acquiring complementary businesses;

  . the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining,
    defending and enforcing patent claims;

  . the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for new
    products;

  . the time and costs involved in taking advantage of unexpected
    opportunities; and

  . other factors not within the combined company's control.

   Data Critical and VitalCom expect that the combined company's cash resources
on completion of the merger will be sufficient to meet planned capital
requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, if these cash resources
and cash generated from operations are insufficient to satisfy working capital
and capital expenditure requirements, the combined company may be required to
sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit
facilities. Additional capital may be unavailable on satisfactory terms, if at
all. The failure to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed
would require the combined company to scale back operations, reduce its work
force and sell or license technology it would otherwise seek to develop or
commercialize itself. The inability to raise adequate additional capital in a
timely manner could force the combined company to forgo business opportunities,
curtail product and business development or even cease operations.

The fixed exchange ratio may lessen the consideration being paid to VitalCom
stockholders in the merger or, conversely, may result in Data Critical paying
more in the merger than originally expected.

   Each outstanding share of VitalCom common stock, other than shares held by
VitalCom stockholders who have properly exercised their appraisal rights, will
convert into 0.62 shares of Data Critical common stock on completion of the
merger. This exchange ratio will not be adjusted for changes in the market
price of either Data Critical common stock or VitalCom common stock prior to
completion of the merger. The market price of Data Critical common stock may
vary significantly between now and the completion of the merger. If the market
price for Data Critical common stock increases or decreases before completion
of the merger, the

market value of the Data Critical common stock issued in the merger would
correspondingly increase or decrease. VitalCom stockholders will not be
compensated for decreases in the market price of Data Critical common stock.
Similarly, Data Critical will not receive any extra benefit for increases in
the market price of Data Critical common stock, and instead may be forced to
recognize additional goodwill, which would reduce the combined company's
future financial results, including earnings per share.

The issuance of Data Critical common stock in the merger will dilute the
interest of current stockholders and could reduce the financial performance of
the combined company on a per share basis.

   After the merger is completed, current holders of Data Critical common
stock will own a smaller percentage of Data Critical and its voting stock than
they currently own. VitalCom stockholders will own a smaller percentage of
Data Critical than they currently own of VitalCom. Consequently, both Data
Critical and VitalCom stockholders will be less able to exercise influence
over company management and policies than they were before the merger. In
addition, the issuance of Data Critical common stock in the merger may reduce
Data Critical's net income per share from anticipated levels, and could reduce
the market price of Data Critical common stock unless the combined company can
achieve revenue growth or cost savings sufficient to offset the dilutive
effect of the issuance.

The merger will result in a change of control of management of VitalCom and
may adversely affect the returns of VitalCom stockholders.

   As a result of the merger, VitalCom stockholders will lose the chance to
invest in the development and exploitation of VitalCom's products on a stand-
alone basis. Additionally, the combined company will have different management
than VitalCom's current management. The management of the combined company may
make strategic and operational decisions different from those of VitalCom's
current management. The combined company may not achieve financial results
equal or superior to the financial results that VitalCom would have achieved
had the companies remained independent. Accordingly, stockholders of VitalCom
may suffer lower returns on their investment as a result of the merger.

Some VitalCom stockholders have agreed not to sell their Data Critical common
stock for 90 days after the merger, following which Data Critical's stock
price may suffer.

   Some VitalCom stockholders have agreed, as part of their voting agreements
with Data Critical, not to sell the Data Critical common stock they receive in
the merger for 90 days after the merger. At the end of this period, these
holders will be able to sell their Data Critical common stock to the public.
Sales of any significant portion of these shares in the public market after
the restrictive period, or the perception that these sales could occur, could
cause the market price of Data Critical common stock to fall.

The market price of Data Critical common stock may decrease as a result of the
merger.

   The market price of Data Critical common stock may decrease significantly
if, among other things:

  . the integration of Data Critical's and VitalCom's operations is
    unsuccessful;

  . the combined company does not experience business synergies quickly, or
    to the extent expected by financial analysts;

  . accounting rules do not permit the combined company to immediately write
    off a significant amount of the purchase price of the merger as
    attributable to in-process research and development; or

  . the increased asset value of the combined company as a result of the
    merger does not meet the expectations of financial analysts.

   If the market price of Data Critical common stock decreases, you may lose
all or part of your investment.

The combined company's products may compete with the products of current Data
Critical strategic partners, which could result in conflict and reduced
revenues.

   VitalCom's existing products compete with the products of several companies,
including Agilent Technologies, Inc., from whom Data Critical currently derives
substantial revenues. Thus, as a result of the merger, the combined company
will be competing directly with at least one of its largest customers. At
present, none of the products being provided to Agilent by Data Critical are
directly impacted by competing products offered by VitalCom. However, Agilent
may nevertheless elect to end its relationship with Data Critical or,
alternately, reduce the volume of products it purchases in response to the
competitive pressures between Agilent and the combined company. If this
happens, the combined company's revenues and results of operations will suffer.

Data Critical's proprietary technology may be incompatible with VitalCom's
technology.

   Both Data Critical and VitalCom believe that combining technologies of the
two companies will enable the combined company to develop products that are
technologically superior to those of its competitors. However, the technologies
of the two companies, when combined, may not yield any technological advances.
In addition, if the technologies of the two companies are not readily
compatible, or are incompatible, then the combined company may experience
substantial delays in, or impediments to, integrating their technologies and
introducing new products. This may result in excess costs or customer
defections, and the combined company may lose any technological advantage that
it has or had over its competitors. If this happens, the revenues and results
of operations of the combined company will be harmed.

Even if Data Critical and VitalCom are successful in combining their
technologies, the business of the combined company will be unsuccessful if new
technologies and related products are rejected by the marketplace.

   The combined company's success depends upon hospitals accepting its
products. Even if Data Critical and VitalCom are successful in combining their
technologies, the marketplace may reject products and technologies that are new
to the marketplace. The marketplace may be reluctant to use the combined
company's information delivery systems because of negative assumptions or
perceptions regarding its products and technologies. If the combined company is
unable to create or maintain a market for new products, its business will be
harmed.

The combined company will inherit the risks of both Data Critical and VitalCom
as such risks existed before the merger.

   VitalCom will represent a substantial portion of the operations, businesses
and results of the combined company. As a result, the combined company will be
susceptible to the risks identified below in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus related to each of Data Critical and VitalCom. The
occurrence of any of the risks identified with respect to either Data Critical
or VitalCom will likely result in harm to the combined company.

Risks related to Data Critical

Data Critical has incurred losses since inception and may never be profitable,
which could result in a decline in the value of its common stock and a loss of
your investment.

   Data Critical expects to continue to incur operating losses for at least the
next 12 to 18 months, and possibly longer. Data Critical experienced net losses
of $8.6 million from inception through December 31, 1997, $5.8 million in 1998,
$6.8 million in 1999 and an additional $13.9 million in 2000. As of December
31, 2000, Data Critical's accumulated deficit was approximately $39.0 million.
Data Critical anticipates incurring significant marketing, product development
and general and administrative expenses and, as a result, Data Critical will
need to generate significantly higher revenue to achieve and sustain
profitability. Data Critical may

never earn profits and, if the company does become profitable, it may be unable
to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. As a
result, the market price of Data Critical's stock may decline.

Data Critical's inability to maintain or expand sales of StatView or its other
Hospital Systems will reduce its revenue.

   During 1998 and 1999, all of Data Critical's revenue was derived from sales
of its Hospital Systems. A substantial portion of these sales came from sales
of StatView. During 2000, approximately 90% of Data Critical's total revenue
was derived from sales of its Hospital Systems and approximately 76% of its
total revenue was attributable to sales of StatView. Data Critical expects
sales of its Hospital Systems will continue to represent a substantial portion
of its total revenue for at least the next 18 to 24 months. Any factors that
reduce the pricing of, demand for or market acceptance of Data Critical's
Hospital Systems or StatView, including competition or technological change,
could significantly reduce Data Critical's revenue and harm its business.

Data Critical's business may fail if Medtronic Physio-Control or Agilent do not
successfully perform their agreements with Data Critical.

   By entering into its distribution agreement with Medtronic Physio-Control
and Data Critical's new license agreement with Agilent, Data Critical now
relies on these two companies for sales and installations of most of its
Hospital Systems. Prior to this change, direct sales of Data Critical's three
key products-StatView, AlarmView and FlexView-accounted for the majority of the
total sales of Data Critical's Hospital Systems. These sales equaled 68% of
total sales for 2000. Consistent with Data Critical's new distribution model,
Data Critical transferred substantially all of its Hospital Systems sales and
installation force to Medtronic Physio-Control.

   Pursuant to Data Critical's agreement with Medtronic Physio-Control,
Medtronic Physio-Control has agreed to:

  . integrate Data Critical's old Hospital System sales force with Medtronic
    Physio-Control's existing sales force;

  . train the existing Medtronic Physio-Control sales force to sell Data
    Critical's Hospital Systems, including StatView, AlarmView and FlexView;

  . market and distribute Data Critical's products, including StatView,
    AlarmView and FlexView;

  . include Data Critical's products in international sales and marketing
    programs;

  . include Data Critical's products in Medtronic Physio-Control's national
    accounts contracts, which provide access to large national hospital
    chains;

  . include Data Critical's products in the global healthcare exchange, an
    on-line marketplace for medical devices and healthcare products;

  . provide installation and field services for Data Critical's Hospital
    Systems; and

  . meet minimum sales and end-user distribution levels.

   If Medtronic Physio-Control and Agilent do not successfully perform, Data
Critical will need to rebuild its direct sales and installation forces or find
a new distributor to sell its products. If Data Critical is unsuccessful
finding alternate means to distribute its products, its business may fail.

Because Data Critical's existing capital resources may be insufficient to fund
its product and business development efforts, it may have to curtail or cease
operations.

   Although Data Critical expects that its current cash resources are
sufficient to meet its planned capital requirements for at least the next 12
months, Data Critical may need to raise additional capital sooner than
presently anticipated to:

  . support expansion;

  . develop new or enhanced systems;

  . respond to competitive pressures;

  . acquire complementary businesses or technologies; or

  . take advantage of other unanticipated opportunities.

   If cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy Data Critical's
working capital and capital expenditure requirements, Data Critical may be
required to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional
credit facilities. Additional capital, if needed, may be unavailable on
satisfactory terms, if at all. Data Critical's failure to raise additional
capital on acceptable terms when needed would require the company to scale back
its operations, reduce its work force and sell or license to others technology
it would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize itself. Data Critical's
inability to raise adequate additional capital in a timely manner could force
the company to forego business opportunities, curtail its development or even
cease operations.

Data Critical's competing methods of distributing its Hospital Systems may
cause conflicts among its partners and distributors and confusion of the end-
user, resulting in harm to its business.

   Data Critical distributes its Hospital Products both through its
distribution partners and its OEM partners. In some cases these two channels
compete for sales to the same end customers. These conflicts could lead to
disputes between Data Critical's partners, disputes between the company and its
partners and confusion of the end customer. Data Critical's failure to manage
these issues successfully could result in harm to Data Critical's distribution
process and reduce its revenues.

If Agilent or Medtronic Physio-Control fail to distribute Data Critical's
products to their customers, Data Critical could receive reduced minimum
payment guaranties or its relationships with those companies could end,
resulting in significant harm to its business.

   Under their agreements with Data Critical, Medtronic Physio-Control and
Agilent guaranty Data Critical minimum quarterly revenues. If either company
fails to meet those minimums through sales to its customers in any quarter, it
is obligated to meet its minimums by purchasing product from Data Critical for
its own account.

   Under Data Critical's license agreement with Agilent, Data Critical has
agreed to the amount of the minimums for each quarter of 2001 and 2002. The
parties have agreed to renegotiate minimums annually thereafter. If the parties
fail to agree on minimums for any subsequent period, the license arrangement
may cease to be exclusive and the guarantied payment obligation will be
terminated.

   Under the Medtronic Physio-Control distribution agreement, the guarantied
obligations are renegotiated annually for periods after 2001 to levels
reflective of actual historical sales by Medtronic Physio-Control to its
customers. The Medtronic Physio-Control agreement allows Data Critical to
terminate the agreement in the event that Medtronic Physio-Control fails to
sell a specified percentage of its minimum sales obligations to its customers
in two consecutive quarters. This minimum end-user distribution percentage
target was not met in the first quarter of 2001.

   Pursuant to these agreements, the minimum payment obligations of Agilent and
Medtronic Physio-Control may be reduced or, in the case of Medtronic Physio-
Control, the agreement terminated. If this happens and

Data Critical is unable to find an alternate means to distribute its products
and services, its business will be substantially harmed.

If Data Critical's relationships with its strategic corporate partners are not
successful, its business will be harmed.

   Data Critical depends on several of its partners for key functions, such as
sales and distribution of its products. Data Critical's key distribution
partners, such as Medtronic Physio-Control, Agilent, Edwards Lifesciences and
Tyco, have substantially more resources than Data Critical does. In most
cases, Data Critical is more dependent on these relationships than are its
partners. Because of these disparities, Data Critical may be:

  . unable to fully enforce its rights under its agreement with its partners;

  . forced to renegotiate key terms of its agreements, such as pricing and
    minimum sales requirements; and

  . unable to replace services provided to Data Critical by its corporate
    partners if these relationships fail.

   If Data Critical is unable to successfully manage its relationships with
its corporate partners, its business will be unsuccessful.

Data Critical's quarterly financial results are likely to fluctuate and are
not an indication of the company's future performance.

   Data Critical's revenue in any quarter depends significantly on the timing
of systems shipped and installations completed. Any unexpected delays or
cancellations of shipments or installations at the end of a quarter could
substantially reduce revenue in that quarter, hurt its revenue and impair its
business in future periods. Because Data Critical does not know when, or if,
its potential customers will place orders, finalize contracts and permit
installation, the company cannot accurately predict revenue and profitability
for future quarters. In addition, Data Critical receives higher revenue and
gross margin on direct sales, including those made through its alliances with
strategic partners, than it does on OEM sales. Consequently, the mix of sales
between distribution channels will have a significant impact on quarterly and
annual revenue and profitability.

   Because the market for Data Critical's Hospital Systems and Physician
Systems are new and evolving, it is very difficult to predict future financial
results. Data Critical plans to significantly increase its marketing, research
and development and general and administrative expenses in 2001. Data
Critical's expenses are partially based on its expectations regarding future
revenues, and are largely fixed in nature, particularly in the short term. As
a result, if its revenues in a period do not meet its expectations, its stock
price will likely suffer.

   As a result of Data Critical's distribution alliances with Medtronic
Physio-Control and Agilent, and the significant role each company plays in
distributing its products, its quarterly financial results are likely to
fluctuate based on the sales of its products made by these companies.

   Data Critical believes that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of its financial
statements are not meaningful. It is likely that in future quarters Data
Critical's revenue and earnings may be below the expectations of securities
analysts and investors and, as a result, the price of its common stock may
decline. Data Critical's revenue and earnings have varied in the past, and
Data Critical expects that they will continue to vary significantly from
quarter to quarter.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact Data Critical's stock
price and future business and operations.

   If the merger is not completed, Data Critical may be subject to a number of
risks, including the following:

  . if the current market price of Data Critical common stock reflects an
    assumption by the market that the merger will occur, then the price of
    Data Critical common stock may decline;

  . Data Critical may be required to pay VitalCom a termination fee as
    described below in "Terms of the Merger--Expenses; Termination Fees";

  . various costs related to the merger, such as legal and accounting fees
    and the expenses and fairness opinion fees of Data Critical's financial
    advisor, must be paid even if the merger is not completed; and

  . it might be difficult for Data Critical to enter into a transaction
    similar to the merger or to otherwise make acquisitions for a period of
    time.

Data Critical's business will be unsuccessful if its technology and products
are rejected by the marketplace.

   Data Critical's Hospital Systems' success depends on hospitals accepting its
products. The marketplace may reject its Hospital Systems' methods of
wirelessly transmitting time-critical patient data through networked or non-
networked monitoring equipment. The wireless transmission of time-critical
patient data is new to the marketplace. The marketplace may be reluctant to use
Data Critical's information delivery systems because of negative assumptions or
perceptions regarding the reliability, accuracy, security and safety of
transmitting complex and time-critical patient data over wireless devices. If
Data Critical is unable to create or maintain a market for its products, its
business will fail.

   Additionally, acceptance of Data Critical's Physician Systems and Hospital
Systems, such as those developed by its Paceart division, requires a
fundamental change in the way personal medical information is communicated and
managed by doctors and patients. Patients may be unwilling to store personal
medical information on Data Critical's Internet databases. Physicians may be
unwilling to administer healthcare remotely or to integrate Data Critical's
products into their daily office workflow. The marketplace may reject the use
of the Internet or wireless technology to transmit personal or sensitive
patient information. If this happens, Data Critical's business may suffer.

   Data Critical believes the acceptance of its products depends on increased
visibility of its products throughout the market. Data Critical's business will
fail if it fails to distribute its products sufficiently to gain market
acceptance and validate its technology.

Data Critical depends on third-party single-source and limited-source suppliers
for necessary components for its Hospital Systems, which could impede its
ability to supply product and harm its revenue and business.

   Data Critical uses third-party suppliers and manufacturers to purchase
necessary components and to manufacture and test key parts of its Hospital
Systems, including the StatView receiver and the AlarmView transmitter. Certain
components, including the bitmap display, are presently only available from a
single source. Other parts and components that Data Critical relies on are
available from limited sources. Because Data Critical's choice of suppliers is
limited, it may be unable to obtain key components in sufficient quantities, if
at all, or at commercially reasonable prices. If this happens:

  . Data Critical's manufacturing costs could increase;

  . its delivery of finished product could be delayed;

  . customers could delay payment or cancel orders;

  . its production process could become economically unfeasible; and

  . its revenues could decline.

Data Critical's business will be harmed if it is unable to keep pace with
technological innovation in its industry.

   The industries in which Data Critical operates are characterized by rapid
technological change, changes in end-user preferences and the emergence of new
industry standards and practices that could render its existing

systems and proprietary technology obsolete. Data Critical's success depends,
in part, on its ability to continue to enhance its existing systems and to
develop new systems that meet the changing needs of its customers. If Data
Critical is unable to develop and introduce in a timely manner new and enhanced
systems that incorporate the latest developments in medical equipment and
wireless communications technologies, its sales will be harmed. The pace of
change in information-dependent markets, such as the healthcare industry, is
rapid and there are frequent new product introductions and evolving industry
standards. Data Critical may be unsuccessful in responding to technological
developments and changing customer needs. In addition, Data Critical's systems
may become obsolete due to the adoption of new technologies or standards by its
customers or competitors. Data Critical has experienced development delays in
the past and may experience similar or more significant delays in the future.
Difficulties in system development could materially delay or even prevent the
successful introduction or marketing of new or enhanced systems, which could
substantially harm Data Critical's business. Data Critical's inability to
successfully develop, introduce and market new or enhanced products or services
may harm its business.

If Data Critical is unable to successfully integrate the companies and
businesses that it has acquired or may in the future acquire, its business may
suffer.

   Data Critical acquired the businesses of Physix in 1999 and Elixis and
Paceart in 2000. In March 2001, Data Critical agreed to acquire VitalCom. Data
Critical may make additional acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions entail
numerous risks, including:

  . integration of the operations, products, management and employees of the
    companies involved;

  . retention of key employees;

  . diversion of management's attention; and

  . uncertainties in Data Critical's ability to maintain key business
    relationships that the acquired entities have established.

   In addition, if Data Critical undertakes future acquisitions, it may issue
dilutive securities, assume or incur additional debt obligations, incur large
one-time expenses, and acquire intangible assets that would result in
significant future expense. Also, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or
FASB, is contemplating eliminating pooling of interests accounting for
acquisitions and has voted to eliminate the immediate write-off of acquired in-
process research and development. The effect of these changes would be to
increase the portion of the purchase price for any future acquisitions that
must be charged to Data Critical's cost of revenues and operating expenses in
the periods following any such acquisitions. Any of these events could
substantially harm Data Critical's business.

Data Critical's investments in other companies may decline in value, which
would negatively impact Data Critical's earnings and liquidity.

   Data Critical has in the past, and may in the future, make investments in
other companies in the e-commerce healthcare market. The value of those
investments may decline. If this happens, Data Critical could be required to
write off some or all of those investments, and its earnings and liquidity
would suffer.

Data Critical's infrastructure may be unable to keep pace with, and as a result
hinder, its growth.

   Data Critical has rapidly and significantly expanded its operations and
expects this expansion to continue. Data Critical's revenue grew from $471,000
in 1997 to $4.1 million in 1998, and from $9.5 million in 1999 to $17.8 million
in 2000. Upon stockholder approval, Data Critical's agreement to acquire
VitalCom will result in significant expenses arising out of the integration of
VitalCom into its company and operations. Data Critical expects to face
increasing daily operational challenges as its business continues to grow, and
may fail to properly manage its growth, which could result in substantially
reduced revenue and earnings.

Data Critical's Hospital Systems and Physician Systems businesses may not be
able to effectively compete in their respective markets, which would harm Data
Critical's growth and revenue.

   Data Critical's Hospital Systems business faces competition from a number of
companies, including SpaceLabs Medical, Inc. Many other companies selling
products using traditional methods of patient monitoring, including direct
patient oversight and monitoring through wired systems and voice
communications, are well positioned to compete with Data Critical's Hospital
Systems business. If these companies enter this market, Data Critical may be
unable to effectively compete and its growth and revenue may suffer.

   In addition, the Internet healthcare industry in which Data Critical's
Physician Systems business competes is intensely competitive and is subject to
fragmentation, high growth and rapid technological change. Data Critical may
face significant competition from traditional healthcare information system
vendors and Internet healthcare companies as they expand their product
offerings. Many of these companies have significantly greater financial
resources, more established brand names and larger installed customer bases
than Data Critical. Data Critical may be unable to compete successfully against
these organizations and its growth and revenue may suffer. Furthermore, the
physician market is extremely difficult to access or to obtain significant
market share. As a result, Data Critical is uncertain of the prospects for
success of its Physician Systems, particularly its unwiredDr product line.

   Many of Data Critical's potential competitors have longer operating
histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources, better name recognition and a larger installed base of customers
than Data Critical. Many of Data Critical's potential competitors may also have
well-established relationships with its existing and prospective customers. Due
to these and other advantages, Data Critical's potential competitors may
develop products comparable or superior to Data Critical's systems or adapt
more quickly to new technologies, evolving industry standards, new product
introductions or changing customer requirements. In addition, there is the
possibility that one or more of Data Critical's strategic partners or other
medical equipment manufacturers may decide to develop products that directly
compete with our systems. Data Critical also expects that competition will
increase as a result of medical equipment, wireless and software industry
consolidation. Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions,
reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could cause Data
Critical's revenue to decline.

Failure to expand and adapt Data Critical's network infrastructure to
accommodate increased use by its customers could make it difficult to
successfully implement Data Critical's Physician Systems business model and
could harm its business.

   To successfully implement its Physician Systems business model, Data
Critical must continue to expand and adapt its network infrastructure to
accommodate additional users, increased transaction volumes and changing
customer requirements. Data Critical's infrastructure may not accommodate
increased use while maintaining acceptable overall performance. To date, Data
Critical has processed a limited number and variety of Internet-based
transactions. In addition, its Physician Systems have only been used by a
limited number of physicians and healthcare consumers. An unexpectedly large
increase in

  . its volume or pace of traffic on Data Critical's web site;

  . the number of physicians using its Physician Systems;

  . its other Internet-based products and services; or

  . orders placed by customers

may require Data Critical to expand and further upgrade its technology. Failure
to expand or upgrade this technology could result in poor product performance,
customer dissatisfaction and limitations on growth of the business, which could
harm revenue and Data Critical's business.

If Data Critical loses members of its senior management team, or if Data
Critical does not timely hire a permanent chief executive officer, Data
Critical may be unable to successfully manage its business or achieve its
objectives.

   Data Critical's success will depend significantly on the continued
contributions of its senior management team, many of whom would be difficult to
replace. In particular, Data Critical believes that its future success depends
on Jeffrey Brown, chairman of the board; Dr. David Albert, chief scientist and
chairman emeritus of the board; and Michael Singer, executive vice president of
corporate development and chief financial officer.

   Data Critical currently has a new interim chief executive officer who has
held that position since February 2001. Data Critical is currently conducting a
search for a permanent chief executive officer. The search may be hindered by a
number of factors outside Data Critical's control, including limitations on the
number of qualified candidates, hiring competition from similarly situated
companies and/or the unwillingness of qualified candidates to relocate near the
company's business headquarters. If Data Critical does not hire a permanent
chief executive officer in a timely manner, or it is unable to find a qualified
candidate, it may be unable to manage its business successfully or otherwise
achieve its objectives, which would harm its business.

Data Critical may be unable to hire and retain the personnel necessary to
support its expanding business, which could threaten its future growth.

   Data Critical believes its future success will depend in large part on its
ability to identify, attract and retain engineering, marketing, and customer
service and support personnel. Because of the complexity of Data Critical's
systems and technologies, Data Critical needs to retain and hire engineers with
high levels of experience in designing complex systems. In addition, although
Data Critical has recently entered into a strategic distribution alliance with
an intent to enhance its product distribution capabilities, Data Critical may
need to nevertheless substantially expand its sales operations and marketing
efforts, both domestically and internationally, in order to increase market
awareness and sales of its systems. Data Critical's systems require a
sophisticated sales effort targeted at several people within the information
technology departments of its prospective customers. Data Critical will also
need to increase its customer service and support organization to support new
customers and the expanding needs of existing customers.

   There are a limited number of people with the necessary technical skills
Data Critical requires. Data Critical must compete with many other companies
for these personnel, and cannot assure you that it will be able to hire and
retain them in sufficient numbers. Failure to hire and retain the personnel
necessary to support Data Critical's expanding business could threaten its
future growth and harm its business.

Data Critical's patents and proprietary technology may not provide it with any
benefit, and the patents of others may prevent Data Critical from
commercializing its products, which could harm its business.

   Data Critical's ability to compete effectively will depend in part on its
ability to develop, maintain and/or license proprietary aspects of its
technology, and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others.
Data Critical's patents may not adequately protect its technology from the
competing use of others. In addition, patent applications Data Critical files
may not result in the issuance of any patents.

   Data Critical's products incorporate technologies that are the subject of
patents issued to, or patent applications filed by, others. Data Critical has
obtained licenses for some technologies and may negotiate to obtain additional
licenses for technologies patented by others. However, Data Critical may not be
able to obtain licenses for technology patented by others on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all, or develop alternative technology. Data Critical's
current and future proprietary technology and licenses of technology may not be
adequate for the operation of its business. The failure to obtain necessary
patents and licenses or to identify and implement alternative technologies
would prevent Data Critical from commercializing some of its products under
development and would harm its business.

Litigation or enforcement of claims of intellectual property infringement could
require Data Critical to spend substantial amounts of money and could impair
its operations.

   Data Critical may become subject to infringement claims and litigation or
interference proceedings to determine the right to use, sell or license
intellectual property rights. Data Critical has received correspondence from
other parties asserting ownership of intellectual property that is or may be
incorporated in its products and products under development. In addition, Data
Critical has notified other parties of the existence of patents or trademarks
owned or licensed by Data Critical that Data Critical believes may be
incorporated in those parties' products. Some of this correspondence has
included offers to negotiate the licensing of the intellectual property. These
matters may result in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope and
validity of the intellectual property. Litigation, if initiated and successful
against Data Critical, could seek to recover damages as a result of any sales
of the products and to enjoin further sales of such products, either of which
could cause harm to Data Critical's business.

   Litigation may result in significant expenses to Data Critical and
significant diversion of effort by Data Critical's technical and management
personnel, regardless of the outcome. Litigation could result in Data
Critical's patent or trademark applications not having priority over others, or
failing to provide protection against competitors with similar intellectual
property. Any patents or trademarks issued to Data Critical may be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented in the future and the competitive advantage
provided by the rights created under the patents, trademarks or licenses lost.
The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain and Data Critical cannot
assure you that a court would not find the third-party claims valid or that
Data Critical had no successful defense to such claims. An adverse outcome in
litigation or the failure to obtain a necessary license could subject us to
significant liability and could prevent Data Critical from selling its
products. If this occurs, Data Critical's business could be harmed.

   Data Critical also relies on trade secrets, technical know-how and
continuing invention to develop and maintain its competitive position. Others
may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and
techniques or otherwise gain access to Data Critical's trade secrets or
disclose such technology, and Data Critical may be unable to protect its trade
secrets or its rights to its trade secrets, which could harm Data Critical's
business.

If Data Critical's existing licensing relationship with the licensor of key
wireless technology is terminated, its potential revenues and business would be
harmed.

   Data Critical currently holds an exclusive license from a third-party
licensor of key wireless technology that allows Data Critical to manufacture
and produce a significant portion of its wireless monitoring and networking
devices based on certain portions of the licensor's patented technology. In
exchange for this exclusive license, Data Critical must pay royalties to the
licensor for each device manufactured that incorporates the licensor's patented
technology.

   Data Critical's ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market its
products depends significantly on its ability to maintain its relationship and
license terms with this licensor. Data Critical's license agreement with this
licensor may be terminated early on short notice by the licensor under certain
circumstances, including the breach of a material term by Data Critical or a
change in control of Data Critical that is materially adverse to the licensor.
Additionally, if Data Critical fails to pay royalty payments to this licensor
or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under its license agreement, the
licensor can terminate the license. If the licensor terminates its agreement
with Data Critical, Data Critical would have limited means to commercialize its
products and its revenue would be significantly reduced. The early termination
of this license would harm Data Critical's business.

Federal and state legislation and regulation affecting the healthcare industry
could severely restrict Data Critical's ability to operate its business and
harm its revenues.

   Data Critical is subject to federal and state legislation and regulation
affecting the healthcare industry. The federal and state governments
extensively regulate the confidentiality and release of patient records.
Additional

legislation governing the distribution of medical records and health
information has been proposed and, in some cases, enacted, at both the federal
and state levels. It may be expensive to implement security or other measures
designed to comply with any new legislation. Moreover, Data Critical may be
restricted or prevented from delivering patient records or health information
electronically.

   Other legislation currently being considered at the federal level could also
negatively affect Data Critical's business. For example, the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 mandates the use of standard
transactions and identifiers, and prescribes security measures and other
provisions that are to take effect in 2003. Because Data Critical intends to
market some of its services as meeting these regulatory requirements, its
success will also depend on other healthcare participants complying with these
regulations.

   A federal law commonly known as the Medicare/Medicaid anti-kickback law, and
several similar state laws, prohibits payments that are intended to induce
physicians or others to acquire, arrange for or recommend the acquisition of
healthcare products or services. Another federal law, commonly known as the
Stark law, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients
for designated health services to entities with which they have a financial
relationship, unless that relationship qualifies for an explicit exception to
the referral ban. The application and interpretation of these laws are complex
and difficult to predict and could constrain Data Critical's financial and
marketing relationships.

   These laws and other existing or newly enacted laws and regulations
applicable to the healthcare industry could harm Data Critical's business.

State restrictions on the practice of medicine may negatively affect Data
Critical's activities and reduce its revenues.

   The laws in some states prohibit some business entities, such as Data
Critical, from practicing medicine. This is commonly referred to as the
prohibition against the "corporate practice of medicine." These laws generally
prohibit Data Critical from employing physicians to practice medicine or from
directly furnishing medical care to patients. Each state requires licensure for
the practice of medicine within that state, and some states consider the
receipt of an electronic transmission of selected healthcare information in
that state to be the practice of medicine. Some states have similar
prohibitions on corporate practice and licensure requirements for other
regulated healthcare professions (for example, nurse practitioners or
pharmacists). These laws restrict Data Critical's activities and the extent to
which Data Critical can provide medical advice to consumers and physicians. If
challenged, Data Critical's activities may not be found to be in compliance
with these laws. To the extent that Data Critical expands internationally, it
may face similar restrictions on its activities outside the United States.
These laws and other existing or newly enacted laws and regulations applicable
to the healthcare industry could harm Data Critical's business.

The Internet is subject to many legal uncertainties and potential government
regulations that may decrease demand for Data Critical's systems, increase its
cost of doing business or otherwise substantially harm its revenues and
business operations.

   Data Critical's Physician Systems business model is subject to evolving
government regulation of the Internet. Current and future laws and regulations
could severely restrict Data Critical's ability to operate its business. Any
new law or regulation pertaining to the Internet, or the application or
interpretation of existing laws, could decrease demand for Data Critical's
Physician Systems, increase its cost of doing business and harm its business.

   Laws and regulations may be adopted in the future that address Internet-
related issues, including online content, user privacy, pricing and quality of
products and services. For example, although it was held unconstitutional, in
part, the Communications Decency Act of 1996 prohibited the transmission over
the Internet of various types of information and content. In addition, several
telecommunications carriers are seeking to have telecommunications over the
Internet regulated by the Federal Communications Commission,

or FCC, in the same manner as other telecommunications services. Because the
growing popularity and use of the Internet has burdened the existing
telecommunications infrastructure in many areas, local exchange carriers have
petitioned the FCC to regulate Internet service providers in a manner similar
to long-distance telephone carriers and to impose access fees on the Internet
service providers.

   The United States or foreign nations may adopt legislation aimed at
protecting Internet users' privacy. This legislation could increase our cost of
doing business and negatively affect our financial results. For example, the
Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, began enforcing requirements under the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in April 2000. The act applies to the
online collection of personal information from children under 13, and imposes
significant compliance burdens and potential penalties on operators of web
sites that collect covered information. Similarly, European nations have
implemented a European Union Data Privacy Directive regulating the transmission
and storage of personal information and data. In addition, a number of
comprehensive legislative and regulatory privacy proposals are now under
consideration by federal, state and local governments in the United States. In
some cases, such as the European Directive, these comprehensive privacy
proposals include special rules that provide added protections for sensitive
information, including information about health and medical conditions.

   The applicability to the Internet of existing laws in various jurisdictions
governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and
personal privacy is also uncertain and may take years to resolve. Demand for
Data Critical's Physician Systems may be negatively affected by additional
regulation of the Internet in these areas.

   Compliance with state and federal laws that protect individual health
information may limit Data Critical's plans to collect, use and disclose that
information, restrict Data Critical's growth and add substantial cost, which
could harm its business.

If Data Critical fails to comply with current or future laws or regulations
governing the collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of patient
health information, Data Critical's business could be harmed.

   Consumers sometimes enter private health information about themselves or
their family members when using Data Critical's services. Physicians or other
healthcare professionals who use Data Critical's products will directly enter
health information about their patients, including information that constitutes
a medical record under applicable law, that Data Critical will store on its
computer systems. Also, Data Critical's systems record use patterns when
consumers access Data Critical's databases that may reveal health-related
information or other private information about the user. Numerous federal and
state laws and regulations, the common law, and contractual obligations govern
collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of patient-identifiable
health information, including:

  . state privacy and confidentiality laws;

  . Data Critical's contracts with customers and partners;

  . state laws regulating healthcare professionals such as physicians,
    pharmacists and nurse practitioners;

  . Medicaid laws;

  . the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and
    related rules proposed by the Department of Health and Human Services;
    and

  . Health Care Financing Administration standards for Internet transmission
    of health data.

   The U.S. Congress has considered proposed legislation that would establish a
new federal standard for protecting and using health information. In addition,
the laws of other countries also govern using and disclosing of health
information. Any failure by Data Critical or its personnel or partners to
comply with any of these legal and other requirements could result in material
liability. Although Data Critical has systems in place

for safeguarding patient health information from unauthorized disclosure, these
systems may not preclude successful claims against Data Critical for violation
of applicable law or other requirements. Other third-party sites or links that
consumers access through Data Critical's web sites also may not maintain
systems to safeguard this health information, or may circumvent systems Data
Critical puts in place to protect the information from disclosure. In some
cases, Data Critical may place its content on computers that are under the
physical control of others, which may increase the risk of an inappropriate
disclosure of health information. For example, Data Critical currently
contracts out the hosting of its web sites to third parties. In addition,
future laws or changes in current laws may necessitate costly adaptations to
Data Critical's systems.

   In early 2001, the Department of Health and Human Services finalized
proposed regulations at the federal level authorized under the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. These regulations establish a new
federal standard for privacy of health information. These regulations, which
will not be applicable any sooner than April 2003, may directly regulate some
aspects of our business. Achieving compliance with these regulations could cost
Data Critical significant amounts or delay or prevent implementation of its
business model. Any noncompliance by Data Critical could result in civil and
criminal penalties. In addition, development of related federal and state
regulations and policies on confidentiality of health information could
restrict Data Critical's activities, add substantial costs of compliance and
harm Data Critical's business.

   Data Critical intends to develop medical information systems and market
research services that it will use to collect, analyze and report aggregate
medical care, medical research, outcomes and financial data pertaining to items
such as prescribing patterns and usage habits. Some states have enacted
legislation regulating the aggregation of health information and the
manipulation, use and ownership of that aggregated data, even when the data
does not reveal the patient's identity. Because this area of the law is rapidly
changing, Data Critical's collection, analysis and reporting of aggregate
healthcare data maintained in its database may not at all times and in all
respects comply with laws or regulations governing the ownership, collection
and use of this data. Future laws or changes in current laws governing the
ownership, collection and use of aggregate healthcare data may necessitate
costly adaptations to Data Critical's systems or limit its ability to use this
data, which would harm Data Critical's business.

   Furthermore, Data Critical may expand sales of its systems to international
markets. An expansion would require Data Critical to comply with a wide variety
of foreign laws and practices, tariffs and other trade barriers. If Data
Critical fails to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in foreign markets
on a timely basis, its revenue could be significantly reduced.

Data Critical may experience substantial delays or difficulties in obtaining
required governmental approvals, which would hinder its ability to provide its
existing systems or introduce future systems and could cause its sales and
stock price to decline.

   As a manufacturer of wireless telecommunications systems, Data Critical is
regulated under the Communications Act of 1934 and FCC regulations, as well as
the applicable laws and regulations of the various states administered by state
public service commissions. Regulatory requirements affecting Data Critical's
operations may change. Any changes may hurt Data Critical's business by
hindering its ability to compete with other wireless telecommunications product
manufacturers, to continue providing its existing services or to introduce
future systems or system enhancements.

   One example of a change of this type is the recent adoption by the FCC of
new rules relating to new frequency transmission standards for medical
equipment. Data Critical's wireless communication products currently transmit
in the UHF 450 MHz to 470 MHz radio bands. In order to reduce interference to
wireless medical transmissions from other signals, most notably those of
television stations using High Definition Television (HDTV), the FCC has
designated a new transmission band for wireless medical equipment in the UHF
608 MHz to 614 MHz band. The FCC has announced that it will not certify any
medical equipment which transmits in the old band after October 2002-meaning
that any new products for which such

certification is sought after that time must comply with the new transmission
standards. Failure to comply with these new standards could prevent Data
Critical from introducing new products to the market and substantially reduce
the market for any of Data Critical's non-compliant products. Either of these
circumstances could harm Data Critical's business.

   The manufacturing, marketing and sales of medical devices, including many of
Data Critical's products, are subject to regulation by the FDA. In addition,
certain material changes or modifications to the intended use, labeling or
manufacturing of cleared or approved medical devices are also subject to FDA
clearance or approval. Generally, before a new medical device can be introduced
into the market in the United States, the manufacturer or distributor must
obtain FDA clearance by filing a 510(k) pre-market notification or obtaining
approval of a pre-market approval, or PMA, application. If a medical device
manufacturer or distributor can establish that a device is "substantially
equivalent" to a legally marketed device for which the FDA has not called for
PMA's, the manufacturer or distributor may seek clearance from the FDA to
market the device by filing a 510(k) pre-market notification. The 510(k) pre-
market notification may need to be supported by appropriate data establishing
the claim of substantial equivalence to the satisfaction of the FDA. If a
manufacturer or distributor of a medical device cannot establish substantial
equivalence, the proposed device must be approved through a PMA application,
which must be supported by statistical analysis of clinical data. The PMA
application approval process can be expensive, uncertain and lengthy. To date,
Data Critical has received clearance from the FDA to market its current
products through the 510(k) pre-market notification process. Failure to receive
or delays in receipt of FDA clearances or approvals, including the need for
extensive clinical trials or additional data as a prerequisite to clearance or
approval, could substantially harm Data Critical's business, operating results
and financial condition. Sales of medical devices and components outside of the
United States are subject to international regulatory requirements that vary
from country to country. Data Critical may be unable to obtain further
clearance or approvals for its products or components on a timely basis, if at
all. Delays in receipt of, loss of, or failure to receive, FDA approvals or
clearances could harm Data Critical's business.

   Because Data Critical is a provider of healthcare-related systems, extensive
and frequently changing federal regulations govern the licensing, conduct of
operations, and other aspects of its business. Federal certification and
licensing programs establish standards for day-to-day operation of Data
Critical's research and manufacturing facilities. Regulatory agencies verify
Data Critical's compliance with these standards through periodic inspections.
Although Data Critical has been found to be in compliance with all these
standards to date, its facilities may fail future inspections conducted to
ensure compliance with federal or any other applicable licensing or
certification laws. Any such failure could harm Data Critical's business.

FDA and FTC regulations on advertising and promotional activities may be
burdensome and may negatively affect Data Critical's ability to provide some
applications or services, which could lead to higher-than-anticipated costs or
lower-than-anticipated revenue.

   Complying with FDA and FTC regulations may be time consuming, burdensome and
expensive and could negatively affect Data Critical's ability to continue
providing some of its Internet systems, or to introduce new Internet systems in
a timely manner. This may result in higher-than-anticipated costs or lower-
than-anticipated revenues.

   Any current or future regulatory requirements that the FDA or the FTC impose
on Data Critical or its advertisers and sponsors could harm Data Critical by:

  . making it harder to persuade pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical
    device companies to advertise or promote their products on Data
    Critical's web sites, or to sponsor programs that Data Critical offers to
    healthcare professionals and the public;

  . restricting Data Critical's ability to continue to provide some of its
    services or content, or to introduce new services or content in a timely
    manner; or

  . making it more expensive and time consuming to comply with new
    requirements.

As a result, Data Critical might lose advertising or sponsorship revenue, spend
significant amounts of its limited resources on regulatory experts in the area
of FDA or FTC compliance, or receive adverse publicity that harms its business.
In addition to existing FDA and FTC regulation of advertising and promotion by
pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies, Data Critical's
business faces a potential risk of increased FDA and FTC regulation of these
activities in an online context.

Changes in existing FDA regulatory requirements or policies, or Data Critical's
failure to comply with current or future requirements or adoption of new
requirements could increase the cost of both Data Critical's Hospital Systems
and Physician Systems business models and cause Data Critical's revenues to
decline.

   Many of Data Critical's products are regulated in the United States as
medical devices by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and
require pre-market notification clearance or approval by the FDA before they
can be sold to the public. Generally, before a new medical device can be
introduced into the market in the United States, the manufacturer or
distributor must obtain FDA clearance by filing a 510(k) pre-market
notification or by obtaining approval of a PMA-a much more expensive, time
consuming and uncertain process requiring statistical analysis of clinical
data. To date Data Critical has received clearance on all of its products under
the 510(k) process and has not been required to file a PMA application. It is
possible, however, that the FDA requirements for clearance of its products may
change. In fact, the FDA recently published a proposed rule that would require
over forty devices-although none of Data Critical's-to receive PMA approvals or
be discontinued for sale. Changes requiring Data Critical to modify its
compliance procedures may be costly and time consuming and could interrupt or
terminate the sales of certain of Data Critical's products. This could harm
Data Critical's business.

   In addition, Data Critical faces potential FDA regulation of software that
Data Critical develops for use with its Hospital Systems and/or its Physician
Systems. Some computer applications and software are considered medical devices
and are subject to regulation by the FDA. To the extent that FDA regulations
are applicable to any of Data Critical's software products and services, it
will be time consuming, burdensome and expensive to comply with those
regulations and could delay or prevent introduction of new software products or
services.

   While the FDA's policies regarding the regulation of software are evolving,
based on the FDA's informal policy statements regarding the scope of its
regulation of stand-alone software, Data Critical does not believe that its
current Physician Systems are subject to FDA regulation as medical devices or,
alternatively, that the systems are exempt devices under the FDA's rules.
However, the FDA may take the view that some of Data Critical's current or
future Physician Systems are medical devices and, therefore, are subject to
regulation, or the FDA may change its policies or regulations with respect to
regulation of software or Internet technologies. Also, Data Critical may expand
its Internet-based system offerings into areas that subject it to FDA
regulation. If the FDA finds that Data Critical's software is subject to
regulation as a medical device, the applicable regulatory controls could
include both premarket and postmarket requirements that could be costly and
time consuming and could harm Data Critical's business.

Political, economic and regulatory changes and consolidation in the healthcare
industry could force Data Critical to make costly modifications to how Data
Critical prices and sells its systems, which could substantially reduce
revenues and harm its business.

   The healthcare industry is highly regulated and is influenced by changing
political, economic and regulatory factors. These factors affect the purchasing
practices and operation of healthcare organizations. Changes in current
healthcare financing and reimbursement systems could cause Data Critical to
make unplanned modifications to its systems or result in delays or
cancellations of orders. Federal and state legislatures have periodically
considered programs to reform or amend the U.S. healthcare system at both the
federal and state levels. These programs may contain proposals to increase
governmental involvement in

healthcare, lower reimbursement rates or otherwise change the environment in
which healthcare industry participants operate. Healthcare industry
participants may respond by reducing or postponing investment decisions,
including investments in Data Critical's systems. Data Critical does not know
what effect these proposals would have on its business. Many healthcare
providers are consolidating to create integrated healthcare delivery systems
with greater market power. These providers may try to use their market power to
negotiate price reductions for Data Critical's systems. If Data Critical is
forced to reduce its prices, its business may be harmed.

Data Critical's activities may expose it to malpractice and other liabilities
inherent in healthcare delivery, which could substantially harm its business.

   Data Critical may be exposed to malpractice or other liabilities against
which it may not be adequately insured, resulting in substantial harm to its
business. Data Critical's systems provide data for use by physicians, consumers
and other healthcare participants. This data may be obtained from Data
Critical's physician customers, strategic partners, other third parties or,
with patient consent, from the aggregation of patient health records. Claims
for injuries relating to the use of this data may be made in the future. Also,
patients who file lawsuits against doctors often name as defendants all persons
or companies with any relationship to the doctors. As a result, patients may
file lawsuits against Data Critical based on treatment provided by physicians
who use Data Critical's systems. In addition, a court or government agency may
take the position that Data Critical's delivery of health information directly,
including through licensed physicians, or by delivery of information by a
third-party site that a consumer accesses through Data Critical's web sites,
exposes Data Critical to malpractice or other personal injury liability for
wrongful delivery of healthcare services or erroneous health information. The
amount of insurance Data Critical maintains with insurance carriers may be
insufficient to cover all of the losses Data Critical might incur from these
claims and legal actions. In addition, insurance for some risks is difficult,
impossible or too costly to obtain and, as a result, Data Critical may be
unable to purchase insurance for some types of risks.

If Data Critical's customers experience system defects, delays in transmission
or security breaches with Data Critical's systems, Data Critical could face
damage to its business reputation and potential legal liability.

   Data Critical's customer satisfaction and reputation could be harmed if Data
Critical or its customers experience any system defects, delays, failures or
loss of data. Data Critical depends on the efficient operation of wireless
networks and the Internet for communication. A major catastrophic event or
other event beyond its control, including a major security breach in the
transmission of data on its systems or a well-publicized compromise of Internet
security, could cause loss of revenue and market share, damage Data Critical's
reputation and result in liability. In addition, Data Critical's systems may be
vulnerable to computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or
similar disruptive problems. Furthermore, patient care could suffer and Data
Critical could be liable if its systems fail to deliver correct information in
a timely manner. Data Critical has experienced defects in its products in the
past, including its StatView receivers, which were the subject of a voluntary
field action. Data Critical may experience defects in the future. Data
Critical's contracts attempt to limit its liability arising from its errors.
These provisions may not be enforceable, however, and even if enforceable, they
may not protect Data Critical from future liability. While Data Critical has
general liability and product liability insurance, including coverage for
errors and omissions, it may be unable to obtain or continue this insurance on
reasonable terms in the future. In addition, Data Critical's insurance may be
insufficient to cover large claims, and its insurer could disclaim coverage on
claims. If Data Critical is liable for an uninsured or underinsured claim, or
if its premiums increase significantly, its business could be harmed.

Data Critical may have significant product liability exposure, which could
adversely affect the viability of its business.

   The testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices entails an
inherent risk of product liability claims. Data Critical has experienced
defects in its products in the past, including its StatView receivers, which

were the subject of a voluntary field action. Data Critical may experience
defects in the future. These defects could potentially result in liability to
Data Critical. Potential product liability claims may exceed the amount of Data
Critical's insurance coverage or may be excluded from coverage under the terms
of the policy. Data Critical's existing insurance may not be renewable at a
cost and level of coverage comparable to that presently in effect, if at all.
In the event that Data Critical is held liable for a claim against which it is
not indemnified or for damages exceeding the limits of its insurance coverage,
that claim could exceed its total assets and could harm its business.

Significant fluctuations in the market price of Data Critical's common stock
could result in securities class action claims against Data Critical, which
could harm its business.

   The trading price of Data Critical's common stock has been and may continue
to be volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for technology
companies in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that often has been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad
market and industry fluctuations may decrease the trading price of Data
Critical's common stock, regardless of Data Critical's actual operating
performance, and may make it difficult for you to resell your shares at or
above the price at which you purchased them. Securities class action claims
have been brought against companies in the past where volatility of the market
price of that company's securities has taken place. This kind of litigation
could be very costly and could divert Data Critical management's attention and
resources. Any negative determination in this litigation could also subject
Data Critical to significant liabilities, any or all of which could harm Data
Critical.

State laws, Data Critical's certificate of incorporation, its stockholder
rights plan and certain provisions in its important contracts may inhibit
potential acquisition bids that could be beneficial for stockholders.

   Delaware law and Washington law may inhibit potential acquisition proposals.
Data Critical is restricted by the antitakeover provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which regulates corporate acquisitions. Delaware law
prevents Data Critical from engaging in a business combination with any
interested stockholder for three years following the date that the stockholder
became an interested stockholder.

   For purposes of Delaware law, a business combination includes a merger or
consolidation or the sale of more than 10% of our assets. In general, Delaware
law defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially
owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation and any
entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or
person. Under Delaware law, a Delaware corporation may opt out of the
antitakeover provisions. Data Critical does not intend to "opt out" of these
antitakeover provisions of Delaware law. The laws of Washington, where Data
Critical's principal executive offices are located, also impose restrictions on
some transactions between foreign corporations and significant stockholders.
Chapter 23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation Act prohibits a target
corporation, with exceptions, from engaging in significant business
transactions with an acquiring person for a period of five years after the
acquisition, unless the transaction or acquisition of the shares is approved by
a majority of the members of the target corporation's board of directors prior
to the time of acquisition. A corporation may not "opt out" of this statute
and, therefore, Data Critical anticipates this statute will apply to it.
Depending on whether Data Critical meets the definition of a target
corporation, Chapter 23B.19 of the WBCA may have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control of Data Critical.

   In addition, Data Critical has adopted provisions in its certificate of
incorporation that may discourage potential acquisition proposals and delay or
prevent a change in control of Data Critical. These provisions include the
following:

  . Data Critical's board of directors may issue up to 3 million shares of
    preferred stock and determine the applicable powers, preferences and
    rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the stock,
    including voting rights, without any vote or further action by
    stockholders;

  . Data Critical's directors are elected to staggered three-year terms;

  . stockholders cannot call special meetings;

  . the nomination of a Data Critical director or the taking of certain
    actions requires advance notice; and

  . Data Critical stockholders cannot take action by written consent.

   In accordance with the above-described provisions, Data Critical's board of
directors adopted a stockholder rights plan on June 14, 2000. Upon any person
so acquiring 20% or more of Data Critical's common stock (other than in a
transaction approved by the board of directors), the rights would entitle the
holders (other than the acquiring holder) to acquire (by paying the then
current Exercise Price) shares of our common stock having a market value equal
to twice the then current Exercise Price. If after the rights become
exercisable and Data Critical is subsequently acquired by another company or
person, the rights would further entitle the holder to acquire shares of the
common stock of the acquiring entity (by payment of the Exercise Price), again
having a market value of twice the then current Exercise Price. The
certificate of designations of Data Critical's Series A participating
Preferred Stock, which creates the purchase rights, has been filed as an
exhibit to Data Critical's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part, and you should refer to that
registration statement for the complete terms and conditions of the rights.

   Finally, Data Critical has entered into commercial agreements containing
change-of-control provisions that may inhibit potential acquisitions of Data
Critical. A change of control of Data Critical may result in the loss or
material modification of some of Data Critical's commercial agreements,
including agreements that provide Data Critical with significant amounts of
revenue or access to material technology. The loss of such contracts would
make Data Critical less valuable, and thus less attractive to potential
acquirors.

Risks related to VitalCom

Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact VitalCom's stock price
and future business and operations.

   If the merger is not completed, VitalCom may be subject to a number of
risks, including the following:

  . if the current market price of VitalCom common stock reflects an
    assumption by the market that the merger will occur, then the price of
    VitalCom common stock may decline;

  . VitalCom may be required to pay Data Critical a termination fee as
    described below in "Terms of the merger--Expenses; Termination fees";

  . various costs related to the merger, such as legal and accounting fees
    and the expenses and fairness opinion fees of VitalCom's financial
    advisor, must be paid even if the merger is not completed;

  . possible uncertainty on the part of its customers, potential customers,
    and employees concerning VitalCom's plans for the future; and

  . it might be difficult for VitalCom to enter into a transaction similar to
    the merger or to make acquisitions for a period of time.

VitalCom's sales of enterprise-wide monitoring systems have been lower than
expected, and VitalCom's future success is dependant, in part, on its ability
to achieve greater sales of those products.

   Since 1995, VitalCom's sales levels for its enterprise-wide monitoring
systems have been lower than expected. VitalCom has also invested in
infrastructure and incurred expenses at levels that reflected its

expectation of higher sales. As a result, VitalCom has incurred net losses in
each year since 1995. If VitalCom does not successfully increase sales of its
enterprise-wide monitoring systems in future periods, its business, operating
results and financial condition will continue to be materially adversely
affected. In addition, although VitalCom has installed its enterprise-wide
monitoring products in more than 100 hospitals, its products may be rejected by
the market, resulting in lower sales.

VitalCom has focused its research and development and new product efforts on
products that use bands that the FCC recently assigned to medical devices, and
VitalCom's future success is dependent, in part, on its ability to achieve
adequate sales of those products.

   VitalCom joined a task force created in 1998 by the American Hospital
Association, or AHA, and the FDA. The task force was formed to respond to
issues of potential interference by HDTV, land mobile users and low-power
television with the frequencies of wireless patient-monitoring devices known as
telemetry devices. The task force's mission was to identify protected spectrum
candidates for future medical telemetry use, evaluate such use and make
recommendations to the FCC. The task force petitioned the FCC to allocate the
UHF 608 MHz to 614 MHz band primarily for medical use. In June 2000 the FCC
approved a new rule requiring hospitals and independent healthcare networks to
evaluate whether their medical telemetry systems are at risk of interference by
other types of devices and to take appropriate measures to reduce that risk.
The FCC recommended that hospitals and healthcare networks use telemetry
systems operating in the new wireless medical telemetry service, or WMTS,
frequency bands. VitalCom has spent considerable amounts of money researching
and developing products that operate in the new band, and its business,
operating results and financial condition could be substantially harmed if
hospitals and independent healthcare networks decide not to move their wireless
telemetry systems to the new band. Developing radio frequency transmitter and
receiver products is complicated and expensive and has diverted VitalCom's
research and development resources from other projects. VitalCom's competitors
may gain a competitive advantage over VitalCom if the new frequency does not
become widely accepted, and any additional development costs associated with
expanding VitalCom's UHF radio frequency product offerings could substantially
harm VitalCom's business, operating results and financial condition. Future
regulatory changes could significantly affect VitalCom's operations by
diverting its development efforts, making current products obsolete or
increasing the opportunity for additional competition, which could
substantially harm VitalCom's business, operating results and financial
condition.

A substantial portion of VitalCom's total sales are made to two customers and
the loss of, or a reduction in sales to, either of these two customers would
have a significant adverse effect on VitalCom's business.

   VitalCom's OEM product sales, which represented approximately 58%, 69% and
52% of its total net revenues in 1998, 1999 and 2000, have historically been to
a small number of OEM customers. In 1998, Quinton Instrument Company and
Datascope Corporation accounted for approximately 20% and 23% of VitalCom's
total revenues. In 1999, Quinton and Datascope accounted for approximately 24%
and 34% of VitalCom's total revenues. In 2000, Quinton and Datascope accounted
for 14% and 28% of VitalCom's total revenues. If VitalCom lost either of these
customers, or either of these customers reduced the amount of products it
purchases from VitalCom, it would substantially harm VitalCom's business,
operating results and financial condition.

VitalCom's quarterly operating results often fluctuate significantly, due in
part to fluctuating revenues that are difficult to predict and VitalCom's
inability to cut costs significantly when revenues decline.

   VitalCom's quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may
fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter in the future as a result of a
number of factors, including:

  . the size and timing of orders;

  . the length of the sales cycle;

  . VitalCom's success in expanding its sales and marketing programs and the
    effects of changes in sales force alignment;

  . the ability of VitalCom's customers to obtain budget allocations for the
    purchase of VitalCom's products;

  . changes in pricing policies or price reductions by VitalCom or its
    competitors;

  . the mix of sales between enterprise-wide monitoring systems and OEM
    products;

  . the timing of new product announcements and introductions by VitalCom or
    its competitors;

  . deferrals of customer orders in anticipation of new products or product
    enhancements;

  . VitalCom's ability to develop, introduce and market new products and
    product enhancements;

  . market acceptance of new products or product enhancements;

  . VitalCom's ability to control costs;

  . the availability of components;

  . costs of responding to software "bugs" or errors;

  . regulatory compliance and timing of regulatory clearances;

  . changes in government regulations and other regulatory developments; and

  . general economic factors.

   VitalCom generally ships its products as orders are received and, as a
result, has historically operated with limited backlog. VitalCom's sales in any
quarter therefore depend on orders booked and shipped in that quarter and are
not predictable with any degree of certainty. A large percentage of any
quarter's shipments have historically been booked in the last weeks of the
quarter, which also contributes to VitalCom's inability to predict its
quarterly results. A significant portion of VitalCom's expenses is relatively
fixed, and the amount and timing of increases in expenses are based in large
part on VitalCom's expectations of future revenues. If revenues are lower than
expected in a quarter, the harm of this shortfall to VitalCom's business may be
magnified by the fact that VitalCom is unable to maintain gross margins or to
decrease spending to compensate for the revenue shortfall. This dynamic has
contributed to VitalCom's net losses in the past. In addition, VitalCom has
sometimes experienced lower sales in the first quarter than in the preceding
fourth quarter and flat sales in the third quarter. These seasonal variations
are due, in part, to customer budget cycles.

The sales cycle for VitalCom's enterprise-wide monitoring systems is long,
which requires that VitalCom expend substantial amounts of money pursuing
potential sales that may not be completed.

   Because replacement or substantial upgrades to clinical information systems
typically involves a major commitment of capital, healthcare providers
generally undergo an extended review and approval process before making such an
expenditure. This review and approval process is becoming more complex, more
financially oriented and increasingly subject to overall integration into the
hospital's information systems planning. The sales cycle for VitalCom's
enterprise-wide monitoring systems has typically been nine to eighteen months
from the time VitalCom initially contacts a customer to the time it receives a
purchase order. VitalCom expends substantial time, effort and money during the
sales cycle preparing a contract proposal and negotiating a purchase order
without any guarantee that the potential customer will ultimately purchase a
system. Any significant or ongoing failure to reach definitive agreements with
customers has in the past, and may in the future, substantially harm VitalCom's
business, operating results and financial condition.

Intense competition in the healthcare industry may limit sales of VitalCom's
products.

   VitalCom's enterprise-wide monitoring systems compete with systems offered
by a number of other companies, including Agilent, SpaceLabs, Inc. and GEMS IT,
which all have significantly greater financial,

technical, research and development and marketing resources than VitalCom. In
addition, many of these competitors have longstanding relationships with acute-
care hospitals and independent healthcare delivery networks, or IHDNs. As a
result of these relationships, VitalCom may be unable to sell its products to
those hospitals or IHDNs or otherwise compete successfully against these larger
competitors. While VitalCom is not aware of any competing open system multi-
parameter enterprise-wide monitoring systems currently available, VitalCom's
OpenNet applications may face significant competition in the future from
healthcare information systems, or HCIS, providers, patient-monitoring
companies, life-support device companies and general-purpose data network
providers. Some or all of these potential competitors may elect to enter this
market and compete with VitalCom using significantly greater financial,
technical, research and development and marketing resources than are available
to VitalCom. In addition, VitalCom's success in selling its multi-parameter
OpenNet networks to hospitals and IHDNs will depend to a large extent on
OpenNet's ability to interface with patient-monitoring and life-support devices
of other vendors. Any action on the part of other vendors to make interfacing
more difficult or impossible could substantially harm VitalCom's business,
operating results and financial condition. The market for VitalCom's OEM
products is intensely competitive. VitalCom sells its products to a range of
patient-monitoring and life-support device companies, many of which have
significantly greater financial, technical, research and development and
marketing resources than VitalCom. VitalCom cannot assure you that current OEM
customers will not elect to design and manufacture patient-monitoring and
system components to compete with those currently offered by VitalCom or
contract with other OEM suppliers. If this occurs, it could substantially harm
VitalCom's business, operating results and financial condition.

   In addition, VitalCom may in the future elect to incorporate the hardware
and software for larger networks into its OEM products that are intended for
use in specialty departments of hospitals. This would enable those OEM products
to provide real-time distribution of information to remote viewing stations.
This could, however, result in VitalCom facing competition from its OEM
customers to the extent that hospitals purchase the smaller departmental
systems of VitalCom's OEM customers for facility-wide use instead of VitalCom's
enterprise-wide monitoring systems. If this occurs, VitalCom's business,
operating results and financial condition could be substantially harmed.

If VitalCom fails to develop new products and enhance existing products to keep
pace with technological developments, its sales will be hindered.

   Many aspects of the medical equipment industry are undergoing rapid
technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new product
introductions and evolving industry standards. Historically, VitalCom derived
substantially all of its revenue from sales of its enterprise-wide monitoring
systems and OEM products. VitalCom believes that, as the market for these
products matures, VitalCom's future success will depend on its ability to
develop and introduce on a timely basis new products and product enhancements
that keep pace with technological developments and that address the
increasingly sophisticated needs of acute-care hospitals and IHDNs. If other
companies introduce competing products embodying new technologies or new
industry standards emerge, these developments could render VitalCom's existing
products unmarketable or obsolete. If VitalCom is unable to develop and
introduce product enhancements and new products in a timely and cost-effective
manner in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, or
if VitalCom's new products or product enhancements, such as SiteLink, do not
achieve market acceptance, VitalCom's business, operating results and financial
condition will be substantially harmed.

Uncertainty and consolidation in the healthcare industry could have a negative
impact on the sales of VitalCom's products.

   The healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic and
regulatory influences that may affect healthcare providers' procurement
practices and operation. Many healthcare providers are consolidating to create
larger hospitals and IHDNs, resulting in a smaller number of potential
customers with increased bargaining power. This could lead to reductions in the
prices VitalCom can obtain for its products. These larger hospitals and IHDNs
may concentrate their purchases on a small number of preferred vendors with
which they have had longstanding relationships. VitalCom may be unable to sell
to such hospitals or IHDNs or that it will

be able to compete successfully with other vendors. The impact of these
developments in the healthcare industry is difficult to predict and could
substantially harm VitalCom's business, operating results and financial
condition.

Failure or delay in obtaining required government approval of VitalCom's future
products or product enhancements could harm its sales.

   The manufacturing, marketing and sales of medical devices, including
VitalCom's products, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous
governmental authorities. In the United States, VitalCom's products are
regulated by the FDA. VitalCom has received FDA clearance to market its current
products through the 510(k) pre-market notification process. VitalCom cannot
assure you that a similar 510(k) clearance for any future product or
enhancement of an existing product will be granted or that the process will not
be lengthy. If VitalCom cannot establish that a product is "substantially
equivalent" to certain legally marketed devices, or if FDA regulatory changes
currently under consideration with respect to arrhythmia software are adopted,
the 510(k) clearance procedure will be unavailable and VitalCom will be
required to utilize the longer and more expensive PMA process. If the FDA
enacts regulatory changes it is currently considering, VitalCom's PatientNet
system may require PMA unless VitalCom successfully petitions the FDA for a
reclassification of that product to a lower standard for approval. If VitalCom
fails to receive, or experiences delays in receiving, FDA clearances or
approvals, or is required to undertake extensive clinical trials or provide
additional data as a prerequisite to clearance or approval, VitalCom may be
prohibited from selling its PatientNet system or other products. If this
occurs, VitalCom's business will be substantially harmed. Sales of medical
devices and components outside of the United States are subject to
international regulatory requirements that vary from country to country.

   VitalCom's radio frequency transmitter devices are subject to regulation by
the FCC, and VitalCom must obtain applicable approvals before those products
are shipped. VitalCom believes that all of its products designated for sale in
the United States meet applicable FCC regulations, including those governing
electromagnetic emissions. The FCC approval process involves the collection of
test data demonstrating that the product meets the requirements stated in the
FCC's regulations. This data is then included as part of a report and
application for approval that is submitted to the FCC. The FCC may grant
approval, request additional information, or withhold approval. Any failure of
VitalCom's products to conform to governmental regulations or any delay in
obtaining, or failure to obtain, required FCC approvals in the future, if any,
could cause the delay or loss of sales of VitalCom's products and therefore
substantially harm VitalCom's business, operating results and financial
condition.

VitalCom's competitors may be able to duplicate its products, and VitalCom may
be subject to claims that its products violate the proprietary rights of
others.

   VitalCom relies on a combination of patent, copyright, trade secret and
trademark laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to
protect its intellectual property. VitalCom seeks to protect its software,
circuitry documentation and other written materials under trade secret and
copyright laws, which afford only limited protection. VitalCom cannot assure
you that its protective measures for proprietary rights will be adequate.
Further, competitors may independently develop similar or superior technology,
duplicate its products or otherwise circumvent its intellectual property rights
used in its products. VitalCom also cannot assure you that third parties will
not in the future claim infringement by VitalCom with respect to current or
future products or proprietary rights. Any such claims, regardless of their
merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, delay or prevent
product shipments or require VitalCom to enter into costly royalty or licensing
agreements. The impact of any of these developments could substantially harm
VitalCom's business, operating results and financial condition.

VitalCom may face lawsuits based on claims that its products did not perform
properly.

   Some of VitalCom's products provide applications that transmit information
about patient physiological status or other clinically critical information.
Any failure by VitalCom's products to provide accurate and

timely information could result in product liability and warranty claims
against VitalCom by its customers or their patients. VitalCom maintains
insurance against claims associated with the use of its products, but its
insurance coverage may not adequately cover any claim asserted against it. A
successful claim in excess of VitalCom's insurance coverage or outside the
scope of its insurance coverage could substantially harm VitalCom's business,
operating results and financial condition. Even unsuccessful claims could
require VitalCom to expend substantial funds for litigation and divert
management time and resources.

VitalCom uses some components in its products that are available from only one
or a small number of suppliers, and VitalCom's sales would be hindered if
VitalCom experiences difficulty in buying those components.

   Some of VitalCom's products utilize components that are currently available
only from a single or a limited number of sources, have been available only on
an allocation basis in the past and could be in scarce supply again in the
future. If VitalCom is at any time unable to obtain components in the amounts
needed at the time it needs them or at commercially reasonable prices, this
could result in delays in product introductions, interruption in product
shipments or increases in product costs. VitalCom's business, operating results
and financial condition could be substantially harmed until alternative sources
could be developed or design and manufacturing changes could be completed. In
addition, certain components, subassemblies and systems used by VitalCom are
sometimes discontinued by manufacturers, requiring VitalCom to replace them
with an equivalent product or, if no such equivalent can be identified, to
modify and re-validate the product design. If VitalCom is at any time
unavailable to obtain such components on a timely basis or at commercially
reasonable prices or to redesign the product in a timely manner, it could
substantially harm VitalCom's business, operating results and financial
condition until alternative sources could be developed or design and
manufacturing changes could be completed.

VitalCom's business has been negatively impacted in recent years by turnover in
its management team.

   A number of changes in VitalCom's management team have occurred in recent
years. VitalCom's chief executive officer changed in 1997, its vice president,
research and development changed in 1998, its vice president, sales and chief
financial officer changed in 1999, and its vice president of sales changed in
2000. These management changes have caused disruptions in VitalCom's day-to-day
operations, have interrupted continuity in customer relationships and have
created delays in sales cycles and product release schedules. Although VitalCom
believes that its existing senior management will successfully improve
VitalCom's business, operating results and financial condition, VitalCom cannot
assure you that these changes have not substantially harmed, and will not in
future periods substantially harm, its business, operating results and
financial condition.

VitalCom may not be able to hire and retain the personnel that are required for
the success of its business.

   VitalCom's success depends to a large extent on its ability to attract and
retain key personnel. If VitalCom lost the services, either temporarily or
permanently, of any of the members of its senior management team or other key
employees, particularly in sales and marketing and research and development, it
could materially adversely affect VitalCom's business, operating results and
financial condition. In addition, VitalCom's future success depends to a large
extent on its ability to attract and retain additional key management, sales
and marketing and research and development personnel. Competition for such
personnel is intense. VitalCom cannot assure you that it will successfully
attract and retain such personnel, and the failure to do so could substantially
harm its business, operating results and financial condition.

               THE ANNUAL MEETING OF DATA CRITICAL STOCKHOLDERS--
                         DATA CRITICAL MERGER PROPOSAL

Date, time and place of the annual meeting

   Data Critical will hold its annual meeting of stockholders on        , 2001
at its principal executive offices, located at 19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite
100, Bothell, Washington 98011 on          , 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time.
Data Critical is sending this joint proxy statement/prospectus to you in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Data Critical board of
directors for use at the annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements
of the annual meeting. The approximate date of mailing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the accompanying proxy is       , 2001.

Purposes of the annual meeting

   The purposes of the annual meeting are to consider and vote on the following
proposals:

     Proposal No. 1

     A proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Data Critical common
  stock in connection with the merger of Viper Acquisition Corp., a wholly
  owned subsidiary of Data Critical, with and into VitalCom Inc., a Delaware
  corporation, whereby, among other things:

    .  each outstanding share of VitalCom common stock (other than shares
       held by stockholders who have properly exercised their appraisal
       rights) will be converted into the right to receive 0.62 shares of
       Data Critical common stock; and

    .  Data Critical will assume VitalCom's 1993 Stock Option Plan and 1996
       Stock Option Plan, whereby each outstanding option to acquire a
       share of VitalCom common stock will be converted into an option to
       acquire 0.62 shares of Data Critical common stock for an exercise
       price equal to the former exercise price of the VitalCom option
       divided by 0.62.

   At the annual meeting, in addition to the Data Critical merger proposal
described above, Data Critical stockholders will also consider and vote on the
following proposals:

     Proposal No. 2

     A proposal to amend the Data Critical Corporation 1999 Stock Option Plan
  to increase the total number of shares of Data Critical common stock that
  can be issued under the plan.

     Proposal No. 3

     A proposal to elect two Class II directors to Data Critical's board of
  directors.

     Proposal No. 4

     A proposal to ratify the board's appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as
  Data Critical's independent public accountants for the 2001 fiscal year.

     Data Critical stockholders will also conduct any other business that
  properly comes before the annual meeting or any postponement or adjournment
  of the annual meeting.

   For further discussion of Proposals 2, 3 and 4, including the Data Critical
board's recommendations regarding these proposals and the quorum and vote
required, see "The Annual Meeting of Data Critical Stockholders--Other
Proposals" beginning on p. 103.

Recommendation of the Data Critical board of directors regarding the Data
Critical merger proposal

   The Data Critical board of directors has concluded that the merger and the
issuance of shares of Data Critical's common stock in connection with the
merger is advisable to, and in the best interests of Data Critical and its
stockholders and has unanimously approved the merger and the issuance of shares
of Data Critical common stock in connection with the merger. Accordingly, the
board of directors unanimously recommends that Data Critical stockholders vote
"FOR" the Data Critical merger proposal.

Record date and voting power

   Only Data Critical stockholders of record at the close of business on the
record date of        , 2001 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
Data Critical annual meeting. As of the record date, there were         shares
of Data Critical common stock issued and outstanding and        holders of
record of Data Critical common stock. Each stockholder of record of Data
Critical common stock is entitled to cast one vote per share on each matter
submitted for stockholder approval.

Voting and revocation of proxies

   Votes may be cast in person or by a properly executed proxy on each matter
properly submitted for the vote of Data Critical stockholders at the Data
Critical annual meeting. All properly executed proxies that are not revoked
will be voted at the annual meeting in accordance with the instructions
contained in the proxy.

   A stockholder who has executed and returned a proxy may revoke it at any
time before it is voted at the annual meeting by:

  . executing and delivering to Data Critical's assistant secretary a proxy
    for the same shares but bearing a later date;

  . delivering to Data Critical's assistant secretary a written notice of
    revocation; or

  . attending the annual meeting and voting in person.

   Merely attending the annual meeting, however, will not in and of itself
revoke a proxy-you must vote your shares in person in order for your
previously-delivered proxy to be revoked.

Quorum; required vote

   The presence, in person or by proxy, at the annual meeting of holders of a
majority of the shares of Data Critical common stock outstanding as of the
close of business on the record date is necessary to constitute a quorum at the
annual meeting. Abstentions and broker nonvotes will count toward establishing
a quorum. Broker nonvotes occur when brokers, who hold stock in street name for
customers who are the beneficial owners of those shares, do not receive
instructions from the beneficial owners about how to vote their shares. The
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Data Critical common stock
present, in person or by proxy, at the annual meeting is required to approve
the Data Critical merger proposal. Broker nonvotes will have no effect on the
Data Critical merger proposal because they will not represent votes cast on the
proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote "against" approval of
the Data Critical merger proposal.

   If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you sign, date and return your
proxy without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a
vote "FOR" all the proposals submitted at the Data Critical annual meeting,
including the Data Critical merger proposal.

   On the record date for the annual meeting, the directors and officers of
Data Critical owned approximately         shares, or   % of the outstanding
shares of Data Critical common stock entitled to vote at the annual meeting.

Solicitation of proxies

   In addition to soliciting by mail, Data Critical's directors, officers,
employees and agents may solicit proxies from Data Critical's stockholders by
personal interview, telephone, telegram or otherwise. Data Critical will bear
the costs of soliciting proxies from its stockholders, except that Data
Critical and VitalCom will each pay one-half of the cost of printing this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Arrangements will also be made with brokerage firms
and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries who are record holders of Data
Critical common stock for forwarding solicitation materials to the beneficial
owners of our common stock. Data Critical will reimburse these brokers,
custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with forwarding solicitation materials. Data Critical
has engaged Mellon Investor Services LLC to distribute proxy solicitation
materials to brokers, banks and other nominees and to assist in soliciting
proxies from Data Critical stockholders for a fee of approximately $4,500 plus
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Other matters

   At the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the Data Critical
board of directors does not know of any business to be presented at the Data
Critical annual meeting other than as set forth in the notice accompanying this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Should any other matter be properly brought
before the annual meeting by Data Critical's board of directors, a supplement
or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus describing the matter
will be sent to all Data Critical stockholders entitled to vote.

   The matters to be considered at the Data Critical annual meeting are of
great importance to the stockholders of Data Critical. Accordingly, Data
Critical urges Data Critical stockholders to read and carefully consider the
information presented in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to
complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy in the enclosed
postage-paid envelope.

                  THE SPECIAL MEETING OF VITALCOM STOCKHOLDERS

Date, time and place of the VitalCom special meeting

   VitalCom will hold a special meeting of stockholders on         , 2001 at
its principal executive offices, located at 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin,
California, commencing at 9:00 a.m. local time. VitalCom is sending this joint
proxy statement/prospectus to its stockholders in connection with the
solicitation of proxies by the VitalCom board of directors for use at the
VitalCom special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special
meeting. The approximate date of mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and the accompanying proxy is       , 2001.

Purposes of the VitalCom special meeting

   The purposes of the special meeting are to consider and vote upon a proposal
to adopt the merger agreement and to transact such other business as may
properly come before the special meeting or any adjournments or postponements
of the special meeting.

Recommendation of the VitalCom board of directors

   The VitalCom board of directors has concluded that the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement is advisable and in the best interests of VitalCom and its
stockholders and has unanimously approved the merger agreement. Accordingly,
the VitalCom board of directors unanimously recommends that VitalCom
stockholders vote "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement.

Record date and voting power

   Only holders of record of VitalCom common stock at the close of business on
the record date,        , 2001, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
special meeting. There were approximately     holders of record of VitalCom
common stock at the close of business on the record date, with           shares
of VitalCom common stock issued and outstanding. Each share of VitalCom common
stock entitles its holder to one vote on each matter submitted for stockholder
approval at the special meeting.

Voting and revocation of proxies

   Votes may be made in person or by a properly executed proxy on each matter
properly submitted to a vote of VitalCom stockholders at the special meeting.
All properly executed proxies that are not revoked will be voted at the special
meeting according to the instructions contained in the proxy.

   If a holder of VitalCom common stock executes and returns a proxy and does
not specify otherwise, the shares represented by the proxy will be voted "FOR"
adopting the merger agreement in accordance with the recommendation of the
VitalCom board of directors. A VitalCom stockholder who has executed and
returned a proxy may revoke it at any time before it is voted at the special
meeting by

  . executing and delivering to VitalCom's secretary a proxy for the same
    shares but bearing a later date;

  . delivering to VitalCom's secretary a written notice of revocation; or

  . attending the special meeting and voting in person. Merely attending the
    special meeting, however, will not in and of itself revoke a proxy-you
    must vote your shares in person in order for your previously-delivered
    proxy to be revoked.

Quorum; required vote

   The presence, in person or by proxy, at the special meeting of the holders
of a majority of the shares of VitalCom common stock outstanding as of the
close of business on the record date is necessary to constitute a quorum at the
meeting. For this purpose, abstentions and broker nonvotes will count toward
establishment of a

quorum. Broker nonvotes occur when brokers, who hold stock in street name for
customers who are the beneficial owners of those shares, do not receive
instructions from the beneficial owners about how to vote their shares. The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of VitalCom common
stock outstanding as of the record date is required to adopt the merger
agreement. In determining whether the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
has received the requisite number of affirmative votes, abstentions and broker
nonvotes will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement.

   If you are a VitalCom stockholder and you sign, date and return your proxy
card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a
vote for adopting the merger agreement. If you are a VitalCom stockholder and
you fail to return your proxy card, it will have the same effect as a vote
against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

   On the record date for the special meeting, the directors and executive
officers of VitalCom owned approximately [             ] shares, or         %
of the outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock entitled to vote at the
meeting. Based on the number of shares of VitalCom common stock outstanding on
the record date, the affirmative vote of holders of at least
shares of VitalCom common stock at the VitalCom special meeting is necessary to
adopt the merger agreement.

Voting agreements

   Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P., ABS Capital Partners, L.P., Vertical Fund
Associates, L.P., Vertical Life Sciences, L.P., Frank T. Sample, Warren J.
Cawley, John R. Graham, Stephen E. Hannah and Cheryl L. Isen have each entered
into voting agreements with Data Critical dated as of March 12, 2001. They have
agreed in the voting agreements to vote all shares of VitalCom common stock
owned by them as of the record date in favor of the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement. They also granted representatives of Data Critical
irrevocable proxies to vote their shares of VitalCom common stock in favor of
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Approximately 4,921,230 shares of
VitalCom common stock, which represents approximately 61% of the outstanding
shares of VitalCom common stock as of the record date, are subject to these
voting agreements and irrevocable proxies.

   Consequently, the voting agreements effectively ensure that the required
approval by VitalCom stockholders will be obtained, regardless of whether or
how other VitalCom stockholders vote their shares. This is true even if the
VitalCom board of directors withdraws or modifies its unanimous recommendation
that VitalCom stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

Solicitation of proxies

   In addition to soliciting by mail, VitalCom's directors, officers, employees
and agents may solicit proxies from VitalCom stockholders by personal
interview, telephone, telegram or otherwise. VitalCom will bear the costs of
the soliciting of proxies from its stockholders, except that Data Critical and
VitalCom will each pay one-half of the cost of printing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Arrangements will also be made with brokerage firms and
other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries who are record holders of VitalCom
common stock for forwarding solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of
VitalCom common stock. VitalCom will reimburse these brokers, custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses they incur
in connection with forwarding solicitation materials.

Appraisal rights

   Under section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation law, a VitalCom
stockholder who desires to object to the merger and to receive cash in the
amount of the appraised fair market value of his, her or its shares of VitalCom
common stock, instead of shares of Data Critical common stock, must follow the
procedure described below. Only those VitalCom stockholders entitled to vote on
the merger are entitled to receive an appraisal of the fair value of their
shares. All of the holders of VitalCom common stock as of the record date

for the VitalCom special meeting are entitled to vote on the proposal to adopt
the merger agreement and all of the holders (except for those who have signed
voting agreements as described above) may object to the merger and receive cash
in the amount of the appraised fair value of their shares, instead of shares of
Data Critical common stock.

   The following is a summary of appraisal rights under Delaware law. This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, which is attached as Appendix D of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Failure to strictly follow the procedures set forth
in section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may result in the loss,
termination or waiver of your rights to appraisal of your VitalCom shares. A
VitalCom stockholder who signs a proxy card approving the adoption of the
merger agreement or who returns a blank executed proxy will not have a right to
assert appraisal rights.

   Each VitalCom stockholder who wishes to seek an appraisal must deliver a
written demand for appraisal to VitalCom and must not vote in favor of adopting
the merger agreement. The written demand must be received by VitalCom before
the stockholder vote on the merger agreement takes place at the special
meeting. The written demand must be separate from any proxy or vote abstaining
from or voting against adopting the merger agreement. Merely voting against
adopting the merger agreement or abstaining from the vote will not preserve a
VitalCom stockholder's appraisal rights.

   A VitalCom stockholder who wishes to exercise appraisal rights should mail
or deliver a written demand to VitalCom at its executive offices set forth in
the section entitled "Summary--The Companies" beginning on page 6 in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or, alternatively, should deliver the written demand
to VitalCom at VitalCom's special meeting. The written demand should specify
the stockholder's name and mailing address and the number of shares of VitalCom
common stock owned by the stockholder. Each VitalCom stockholder who elects to
exercise appraisal rights is responsible for ensuring that his, her or its
written demand is received by VitalCom before the vote occurs at the VitalCom
special meeting.

   If the merger is completed, VitalCom must provide notice of the effective
date of the merger to all VitalCom stockholders who have complied with the
notice and voting requirements within 10 days of the effective time of the
merger.

   A stockholder who wishes to withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal
rights must do so within 60 days after the merger becomes effective. A
stockholder may also withdraw a demand for appraisal rights after the 60 days
have passed, but only with VitalCom's written consent. A stockholder who
effectively withdraws his, her or its demand for appraisal will receive the
merger consideration provided for in the merger agreement.

   Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any VitalCom
stockholder who has complied with the notice and voting requirements of section
262 is entitled, after written request to VitalCom, to receive a statement
listing the aggregate number of shares of VitalCom common stock with respect to
which VitalCom received timely demands for appraisal and that were not voted in
favor of adopting the merger agreement. Also within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, either VitalCom or any holder of VitalCom common
stock who has complied with the above requirements for seeking appraisal may
file a petition with the Delaware Court of Chancery. This petition should
request that the court determine the value of the shares of VitalCom common
stock held by all of the stockholders entitled to appraisal rights.
Stockholders who intend to exercise their appraisal rights should file this
petition, as VitalCom has no intention at this time of making the filing.
Because VitalCom has no obligation to file the petition, if no stockholder
files a petition within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, all
stockholders will lose their appraisal right. If the court receives a
qualifying petition from a stockholder, it will send a copy to VitalCom. Within
20 days of receipt of the petition, VitalCom is required to file a list with
the Register of the Chancery setting forth the names and addresses of all
stockholders who have made demands for appraisal and with whom VitalCom has not
reached an agreement as to the value of their shares.

   If a petition for appraisal is timely filed, the court will determine at a
hearing which VitalCom stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will
appraise the shares of VitalCom common stock held by those stockholders. The
court will determine the fair value of such shares after taking into account
all relevant factors, but excluding any value arising from the accomplishment
or expectation of the merger.

   VitalCom stockholders that are considering seeking appraisal should be aware
that the fair value of their shares determined under section 262 could be more
than, the same as, or less than the value of the Data Critical shares they
would otherwise receive in the merger. Stockholders should also be aware that
the opinion of an investment banking firm that the merger is fair is not an
opinion that the merger consideration is the same as the fair value under
section 262.

   The provisions of section 262 are technical and complex. Stockholders who
fail to comply strictly with the procedures of section 262 will lose their
appraisal rights. VitalCom stockholders who wish to exercise appraisal rights
and obtain appraisal of the fair value of their VitalCom common stock should
consult an attorney.

   If VitalCom stockholders beneficially holding more than 10% of VitalCom
common stock outstanding as of the VitalCom record date properly exercise their
appraisal rights under Delaware law, then Data Critical will not be obligated
to complete the merger. However, Data Critical may nevertheless waive its right
not to complete the merger if the 10% threshold is exceeded.

Other matters

   At the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the VitalCom board of
directors does not know of any business to be presented at the VitalCom special
meeting other than as set forth in the notice accompanying this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. If the VitalCom board of directors should bring any other
matter before the special meeting, a supplement or amendment to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus describing the matter will be sent to all VitalCom
stockholders entitled to vote.

   The matters to be considered at the VitalCom special meeting are of great
importance to the stockholders of VitalCom. Accordingly, we urge VitalCom
stockholders to read and carefully consider the information presented in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly
return the enclosed proxy in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

                        INFORMATION ABOUT DATA CRITICAL

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus includes Data Critical's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, which is attached as
Appendix E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please read Appendix E for
detailed information concerning Data Critical and its business, properties,
regulation, management, operations, financial condition and recent financial
performance as well as other important information.

   Data Critical is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing and support
of wireless health information communications systems for use by hospitals and
physicians who seek to manage and access patient-specific vital signs and other
diagnostic data. Data Critical's systems transmit complex and time-critical
patient data over a wireless network and enable remote caregiver access through
either Data Critical's proprietary interactive device, a personal computer or
the Internet. Data Critical's systems are designed with a goal of enhancing the
quality, cost, efficiency, safety and outcome of healthcare.

   The recent proliferation of wireless, hand-held communication devices--
including personal digital assistants, wireless receivers and smart phones--is
fostering development of information-intensive applications that aim to
increase caregiver productivity and efficiency. At the same time, healthcare
facilities--including hospitals and extended care facilities--seek reduced
costs and enhanced workforce productivity. These healthcare facilities aim to
improve the response time, decision-making quality and productivity of
caregivers, including physicians and nurses, who treat patients in life-
critical situations.

   Data Critical's products extend the power of wireless technology to the
healthcare industry by employing a family of hardware and software systems that
transmit complex time-critical patient data over wireless networks or through
the Internet. Data Critical's systems can transmit such patient data to one or
more caregivers rapidly and simultaneously, and can provide caregivers with
remote access to such patient information. Data Critical believes that its
wireless alarm notification products:

  . increase caregiver productivity by enabling caregivers to monitor
    patients remotely while performing multiple other tasks throughout the
    hospital;

  . improve the quality of patient care by reducing the risk of
    miscommunication among caregivers;

  . are easy to use and can be deployed rapidly throughout a hospital with
    minimum training requirements;

  . are designed with open architecture that enables easy interface and
    integration with the patient monitoring products of other companies; and

  . ensure the security and confidentiality of sensitive patient information.

   Within the healthcare industry, Data Critical focuses on the hospital and
physician markets. Data Critical derives substantially all of its revenue from
two operating segments, Hospital Systems and Physician Systems. Data Critical's
Hospital Systems use a wireless receiver or monitor to provide in-hospital
caregivers with remote access and alarm notification of current patient
monitoring information. Hospital Systems accounted for approximately 90% of
Data Critical's revenue in 2000 and 100% of revenue in 1999 and 1998. Data
Critical's Physician Systems provide physicians with remote and Internet access
to comprehensive patient information through cell phones, pagers and handheld
computers. Data Critical had 4,500 licensed users of its Physicians Systems as
of December 31, 2000.

                           INFORMATION ABOUT VITALCOM

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus includes VitalCom's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, which is attached as
Appendix F to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please read Appendix F for
detailed information concerning VitalCom and its business, properties,
regulation, management, operations, financial condition and recent financial
performance as well as other important information.

   VitalCom provides solutions that help large healthcare organizations improve
care quality and more efficiently manage the care process, helping to reduce
care-related expenditures. VitalCom's solutions include an advanced technical
infrastructure based upon three fundamentals: (1) collection of time critical
patient information through an open, wireless network; (2) data analysis using
sophisticated software to reduce false alarms, provide a common look/feel and
patient history analysis; and (3) real-time data distribution using local area
networks, wide area networks, and Internet-based technologies. In addition to
creating the technical infrastructure, VitalCom uses information gathered from
a clinical assessment process to recommend care process changes that optimize
the value of the technology and help to standardize monitoring quality across
the health system, and improve the flow of critical patient information to care
providers. The result is faster access to information critical to making
informed care decisions, and an improved ability to manage patient flow
problems including bottlenecks and transfers, which can lead to improved care,
satisfaction and reduced costs.

   VitalCom's PatientNet system collects patient monitoring or life support
data from VitalCom's proprietary ECG monitors and other manufacturers' bedside
devices and sends the data over a radio frequency network to a central
surveillance room. Trained technicians staffing the central surveillance room
evaluate information acquired from ambulatory and point-of-care monitors for 48
to 56 patients each. In case of a patient emergency or other significant event,
technicians use an integrated paging system to immediately contact the
appropriate caregiver. Because the networks continuously distribute real-time
patient information to patient viewers located throughout the healthcare
enterprise, caregivers have immediate access to a patient's status. VitalCom
believes that its PatientNet system enables hospitals to shorten patient stays
in costly intensive care units, increase medical staff productivity, reduce
costly patient transfers and improve facility utilization. Since its
introduction in 1991, VitalCom's enterprise-wide monitoring systems have been
installed in more than 100 acute care facilities, with the largest network
providing central surveillance of up to 300 patients located in multiple
buildings. VitalCom's direct sales force sells the PatientNet system to large
acute-care hospitals and integrated health delivery networks.

   VitalCom's OEM channel sells central monitoring systems, as well as
individual components for use in equipment manufacturers' and/or integrators'
monitoring products. OEM products that VitalCom offers acquire data from
VitalCom's ambulatory ECG monitor and from the OEM customer's bedside
monitoring devices or life-support equipment. VitalCom develops central
monitoring system and display software for each OEM customer specifically to
meet its client's specifications.

                    OWNERSHIP OF DATA CRITICAL CAPITAL STOCK

   The following table provides information with respect to the beneficial
ownership of shares of Data Critical's common stock as of March 28, 2001 by

  .  each person that Data Critical knows beneficially owns more than 5% of
     its common stock;

  .  each of Data Critical's directors;

  .  each of the named executive officers listed in the summary compensation
     table in Data Critical's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 2000 (which is attached as Appendix E to this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus); and

  .  all of Data Critical's directors and executive officers as a group.

   The percentage ownership data is based on 12,038,165 shares of Data
Critical's common stock outstanding as of March 28, 2001. Under the rules of
the SEC, beneficial ownership includes shares over which the indicated
beneficial owner exercises voting and/or investment power. Shares of common
stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or will become
exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2001 are deemed outstanding for
computing the percentage ownership of the person holding the option, but are
not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person. Except as otherwise noted, Data Critical believes that the
beneficial owners of the shares of common stock listed below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to
applicable community property laws. Unless otherwise indicated, the business
mailing address of each stockholder listed below is: 19820 North Creek Parkway,
Suite 100, Bothell, Washington 98011.

                                                                    Percent of
                                             Amount and Nature of     Common
   Name and Address of Beneficial Owner     Beneficial Ownership(1) Stock(1)(2)
   ------------------------------------     ----------------------- -----------

   Aether Systems, Inc. ..................         1,230,770           10.2%
    11460 Cronridge Drive
    Owing Mills, MD 21117
   Special Situations Fund III, L.P.
   Special Situations Cayman Fund, L.P.
    c/o Austin W. Marxe and David
     Greenhouse(3)........................         1,123,000            9.3%
    153 East 53rd Street
    New York, NY 10022
   Oshkim Limited Partners,
   Kimberlin Family Partners, L.P.,
   Spencer Trask Holdings, Inc.(4)........           942,981            7.8%
    c/o Kevin Kimberlin
    535 Madison Ave., 18th Floor
    New York, NY 10022
   Apex Investment Fund II, L.P.(5).......           715,475            5.9%
    c/o George Middlemas
    233 South Wacker Dr., Suite 9500
    Chicago, IL 60606
   Dimension Fund Advisors, Inc. .........           660,300            5.5%
    1299 Ocean Avenue, 11th Floor
    Santa Monica, CA 90401
   David E. Albert, M.D.(6)...............           530,937            4.4%
   Jeffrey S. Brown(7)....................           350,676            2.8%
   Michael E. Singer(8)...................           195,153            1.6%
   Bradley R. Harlow(9)...................            48,125             *
   Richard L. Earnest(10).................            36,041             *
   Robert A. May(11)......................            29,062             *
   David Swedlow(12)......................            26,125             *
   John Atanasoff(13).....................             2,500             *
   All directors and executive officers as
    a group (10 persons)(14)..............         1,930,864           15.2%

- --------
  *   Less than 1%.

 (1)  The persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power
      with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by
      them, subject to community property laws where applicable and except as
      indicated in the other footnotes to this table.

 (2)  In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the
      percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to
      options or warrants held by that person that are exercisable within 60
      days after March 28, 2001 are deemed outstanding. These shares, however,
      are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
      ownership of any other person.

 (3)  Includes 843, 800 shares held by Special Situations Fund III, L.P. and
      279,200 shares held by Special Situations Cayman Fund, L.P.

 (4)  Includes 582,906 shares and immediately exercisable warrants to purchase
      93,750 shares held by Kimberlin Family Partners, L.P.; 218,875 shares and
      immediately exercisable warrants to purchase 8,388 shares held by Oshkim
      Limited Partners, L.P. and 39,062 shares held by Oshkim Family Partners.

 (5)  Includes 663,393 shares and immediately exercisable warrants to purchase
      28,332 shares held by Apex Investment Fund II, L.P. and 6,250 shares and
      17,500 shares subject to options exercisable and vested within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001 held by Mr. Middlemas. George Middlemas, a director of
      Data Critical, is a general partner of Apex Management Partnership, G.P.,
      a general partner of Apex Investment Fund II, L.P., and as such may be
      deemed to share voting and investment power with respect to such shares.
      Mr. Middlemas disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares, except to
      the extent of his pecuniary interest.

 (6)  Includes 5,000 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001 and 65,700 shares held equally in four separate
      irrevocable trusts in the following names; Luke Douglas Mark Albert;
      Michael Harmon Albert; Kathryn Marie Albert; and Carl David Albert.

 (7)  Includes 347,208 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001.

 (8)  Includes 118,208 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001 and 52,100 shares held by Michael and Ellen Singer Trust
      and 12,500 shares held equally in two separate irrevocable trusts in the
      names of Scott Singer and Abigail Singer.

 (9)  Includes 50,520 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001.

(10)  Includes 36,041 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001.

(11)  Includes 26,718 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001.

(12)  Includes 26,125 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001.

(13)  Includes 2,500 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001.

(14)  Includes 599,820 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 28, 2001. Includes 1,272,712 shares and immediately exercisable
      warrants to purchase 28,332 shares held by entities affiliated with
      certain Data Critical directors as described in footnote (5).

   Further information about the directors and officers of Data Critical after
the merger can be found in Part III of Data Critical's annual report on Form
10-K, attached as Appendix E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In
addition, information about Frank T. Sample can be found in Part III of
VitalCom's annual report on Form 10-K, attached as Appendix F to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Such information is incorporated by reference into
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                      OWNERSHIP OF VITALCOM CAPITAL STOCK

   The following table provides information with respect to the beneficial
ownership of VitalCom's common stock as of March 16, 2001 by

  .  each person that VitalCom knows beneficially owns more than 5% percent
     of its common stock;

  .  each of VitalCom's directors;

  .  each of the named executive officers listed in the summary compensation
     table in VitalCom's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
     December 31, 2000 (which is attached as Appendix F to this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus), and

  .  all of VitalCom's directors and executive officers as a group.

   The percentage ownership data is based on 8,266,419 shares of VitalCom's
common stock outstanding as of April 1, 2000. Under the rules of the SEC,
beneficial ownership includes shares over which the indicated owner exercises
voting and/or investment power. Shares of common stock subject to options that
are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of April 2,
2001 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the
person holding the option, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of
computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise
noted, VitalCom believes that the beneficial owners of the shares of common
stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws.
Unless otherwise indicated, the business mailing address of each stockholder
listed below is: 15222 Del Amo Avenue, Tustin, California 92780.

                                         Shares
                                      Beneficially
                                          Owned
                                    -----------------
          Name and Address           Number   Percent
          ----------------          --------- -------

   Warburg, Pincus Ventures,
    L.P.(1).......................  3,915,181  44.1%
    466 Lexington Avenue, 10th
     Floor
    New York, NY 10017
   ABS Capital Partners, L.P.(2)..    457,062   5.2
    One South Street
    Baltimore, MD 21202
   Frank T. Sample(3).............    623,971   7.0
   Elizabeth H. Weatherman(4).....  3,915,181  44.1
   Jack W. Lasersohn (5)..........    274,141   3.1
   Timothy T. Weglicki(6).........    457,062   5.2
   Warren J. Cawley(7)............    122,956   1.4
   John R. Graham(8)..............    215,040   2.4
   Stephen E. Hannah(9)...........     43,673     *
   Cheryl L. Isen(10)................  38,914     *
   Scott E. Lamb..................        --      *
   All executive officers and
    directors as a group (9
    persons)(11)....................5,690,938. 64.1

- --------
  *  Less than one percent of the outstanding common stock.

 (1) The sole general partner of Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P., or Ventures,
     is Warburg, Pincus & Co., a New York general partnership. E.M. Warburg,
     Pincus & Co., LLC, a New York limited liability company, or EMW LLC,
     manages Ventures. The members of EMW LLC are substantially the same as the
     partners of Warburg, Pincus & Co. Lionel I. Pincus is the managing partner
     of Warburg, Pincus & Co. and the managing member of EMW LLC and may be
     deemed to control both Warburg, Pincus & Co. and EMW LLC. Warburg, Pincus
     & Co. has a 15% interest in the profits of Ventures as the general
     partner, and also owns approximately 1.5% of the limited partnership
     interests in Ventures.

 (2)  The sole general partner of ABS Capital Partners, L.P. is ABS Partners,
      L.P.

 (3)  Includes 585,000 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 16, 2001.

 (4)  Represents shares owned by Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P. Elizabeth H.
      Weatherman, one of VitalCom's directors, is a managing director and a
      member of EMW LLC and a general partner of Warburg, Pincus & Co and as
      such Ms. Weatherman may be deemed to share voting and investment power
      with respect to such shares. Ms. Weatherman disclaims beneficial
      ownership of such shares, except to the extent of her pecuniary interest.

 (5)  Includes 9,700 shares owned by Vertical Life Sciences, L.P., of which The
      Vertical Group, LP. is the sole general partner, and 264,441 shares owned
      by Vertical Fund Associates, L.P. Jack W. Lasersohn, one of VitalCom's
      directors, is general partner of The Vertical Group, L.P., and, as such
      Mr. Lasersohn may be deemed to share voting and investment power with
      respect to such shares. Mr. Lasersohn disclaims beneficial ownership of
      such shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest.

 (6)  Represents shares held by ABS Capital Partners, L.P. Timothy T. Weglicki,
      one of VitalCom's directors, is a general partner of ABS Partners, L.P.,
      the sole general partner of ABS Capital Partners, L.P., and as such Mr.
      Weglicki may be deemed to share voting and investment power with respect
      to such shares. Mr. Weglicki disclaims beneficial ownership of such
      shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest.

 (7)  Includes 54,786 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 16, 2001.

 (8)  Includes 73,882 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 16, 2001.

 (9)  Includes 39,375 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 16, 2001.

(10)  Includes 29,689 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 16, 2001.

(11)  Includes 782,732 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
      March 16, 2001. Includes 4,646,384 shares held by entities affiliated
      with certain directors as described in footnotes (4), (5) and (6).

                                   THE MERGER

   The following discussion summarizes the proposed merger and related
transactions. The following is not, however, a complete statement of all
provisions of the merger agreement and related agreements. Detailed terms of,
and conditions to, the merger and related transactions are contained in the
merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix A. Statements made in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus about the terms and conditions of the merger and such
related transactions are qualified in their respective entireties by reference
to, and you are urged to read carefully the more detailed information set forth
in, the merger agreement and the other documents attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

General description

   Pursuant to the merger agreement:

  . Viper, a wholly owned subsidiary of Data Critical, will merge with and
    into VitalCom;

  . each outstanding share of VitalCom common stock, other than shares owned
    by VitalCom and those held by stockholders who have properly exercised
    their appraisal rights, will be converted into 0.62 shares of Data
    Critical common stock;

  . each outstanding option to purchase one share of VitalCom common stock
    held by a VitalCom employee that is not exercised or terminated prior to,
    or as a result of, the merger will be assumed by Data Critical and will
    become an option to purchase 0.62 shares of Data Critical common stock at
    an exercise price based on the exchange ratio; and

  . upon completion of the merger, Viper will cease to exist, and VitalCom
    will continue as a wholly owned subsidiary of Data Critical.

Management and operations following the merger

   Before the merger, the Data Critical board of directors consisted of seven
members. After the merger, it will consist of eight members. Frank T. Sample,
president, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of VitalCom, and
Elizabeth H. Weatherman, a designee of Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P., will
join the Data Critical board of directors. One member of Data Critical's
current board of directors, George M. Middlemas, will resign effective upon the
closing of the merger. Mr. Sample will become the vice chairman of Data
Critical and group president of VitalCom following the merger. Additional
announcements regarding the specific composition of Data Critical's management
team will follow.

Background of the transaction

   On January 5, 2000, VitalCom retained Pinnacle Partners, Inc. to be its
financial advisor in connection with any potential mergers, acquisitions, or
similar transactions.

   On May 26, 2000, Mr. Michael E. Singer of Data Critical met with Mr. Frank
T. Sample of VitalCom to discuss general business and industry trends and
potential business, product distribution, licensing or affiliation
opportunities between the two companies.

   Between May 26, 2000 and July 24, 2000, conversations between the two
companies continued and evolved into discussions regarding the possibility of
combining the two companies.

   On July 24, 2000, Data Critical and VitalCom entered into a mutual non-
disclosure agreement. Also on July 24, 2000, Mr. Singer, Mr. Sample and Mr.
Jeffrey Brown of Data Critical, together with other members of the management
teams of both companies, met at Data Critical's offices in Bothell, Washington.
During the July 24 meeting, each company made a general presentation regarding
its business, products and customers.

Following the July 24 meeting, Data Critical hired U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
to be its financial advisor. Data Critical also engaged A.G. Edwards to provide
specific financial analysis relating to the transaction.

   Discussions were held during early August regarding potential proposed
structures for a combination. On or about August 16, 2000, Pinnacle Partners
prepared and distributed a confidential presentation to the board of directors
of VitalCom analyzing the proposed transaction. The board of directors of
VitalCom met to consider the proposed transaction, the analysis provided by
Pinnacle Partners and other alternatives. On August 18, 2000, the parties
entered into a letter agreement containing non-binding indicative terms for a
proposed transaction and a binding 21-day prohibition on negotiations by
VitalCom with third parties. On August 22, 2000, officers of VitalCom
participated in a conference call with Data Critical and its financial advisors
to discuss and explore the due diligence process. On August 29, 2000,
management personnel of each company, together with each company's financial
advisors, met in Orange County, California. During the August 29 meeting, Data
Critical conducted initial exploratory due diligence of VitalCom's business.
The August 29 meeting also included a mutual presentation of financial
information and an analysis of VitalCom's sales pipeline and backlog, business
plans and results of operation. On September 1, 2000, a meeting took place at
Data Critical's offices in Bothell, at which Data Critical presented
information regarding its businesses, prospects and results of operations.

   After the September 1 meeting, the companies continued to exchange business
information and to periodically engage in telephone discussions to formulate a
proposal for the combination of the two companies. Each company's management,
working with their financial advisors, also independently analyzed the
potential for a combination.

   On September 21, 2000, Mr. Singer, Mr. Sample, Mr. Patrick Doherty of A.G.
Edwards, Mr. Marc Cabrera of Pinnacle Partners and a representative of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray took part in a conference call to discuss possible terms
of a combination of the two companies. The parties did not agree on terms at
that time, and agreed to terminate discussions.

   On January 23, 2001, VitalCom's board of directors met and discussed, among
other things, renewing conversations with Data Critical about a possible
combination. On January 25, 2001 and again on January 27, 2001, Mr. Brown and
Mr. Sample met and resumed discussion regarding a combination of the companies.

   On February 2, 2001, Data Critical's board met and discussed, among other
things, the possibility of a combination with VitalCom. At a meeting of Data
Critical's board of directors on February 9, 2001, Mr. Singer and a
representative of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed possible terms of a
proposed combination. The Data Critical board of directors authorized senior
management to continue discussions with VitalCom regarding the potential
acquisition. Data Critical and VitalCom continued to discuss the terms and
conditions of the proposed merger agreement on a regular basis. Data Critical's
board of directors met on February 12, 2000 and February 13, 2000 to receive
updates from Data Critical's management and to consider terms of the proposed
combination.

   On February 13 and 14, 2001, representatives of the two companies and their
attorneys met at VitalCom's headquarters in Tustin, California to continue
business due diligence and commence legal due diligence of VitalCom. On
February 15 and 16, 2001, representatives of the two companies and their
attorneys met at Data Critical's principal offices in Bothell to continue
business and legal due diligence of Data Critical.

   Over the next few weeks, Data Critical, VitalCom and their financial
advisors and legal counsel participated in conferences regarding pricing
considerations and the negotiation of terms and conditions of the proposed
merger agreement. Both Data Critical and VitalCom continued examinations of
each other's business. Data Critical's board of directors met five additional
times during this period to receive updates and evaluate the status of the
transaction. During this time, VitalCom's board of directors also had numerous
discussions and exchanged correspondence regarding the transaction.

   On March 12, 2001, the VitalCom board of directors held a special meeting to
review the status of final negotiations with Data Critical. At this meeting,
Mr. Sample and VitalCom's legal counsel presented the final terms of the merger
agreement. Also at this meeting, Pinnacle Partners rendered its oral opinion to
the board, which Pinnacle Partners confirmed by delivery of a written opinion
dated March 12, 2001, to the effect that, as of March 12, 2001 and based on and
subject to the matters stated in its opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger
was fair, from a financial point of view, to the VitalCom stockholders. After
considering the presentations made by Pinnacle Partners and VitalCom's
attorneys and the factors described in "The Merger--Joint reasons for the
merger" and "--Recommendation of VitalCom's board; VitalCom's reasons for the
merger," the VitalCom board unanimously approved the proposed transaction and
the merger agreement. The VitalCom board authorized the executive officers of
VitalCom to negotiate any final changes necessary to the merger agreement and
related ancillary documents on behalf of VitalCom and determined to recommend
to VitalCom's stockholders that the VitalCom stockholders vote to adopt the
merger agreement.

   On March 12, 2001, the Data Critical board of directors held a special
meeting to review the status of final negotiations with VitalCom. At this
meeting, Mr. Singer and Data Critical's legal counsel presented the final terms
of the merger agreement. Also at this meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
rendered its oral opinion to the board, which U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 12, 2001, to the effect
that, as of March 12, 2001 and based on and subject to the matters stated in
its opinion, the proposed consideration to be paid to the VitalCom stockholders
was fair, from a financial point of view, to Data Critical. After considering
the presentations made by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Data Critical's
attorneys and the factors described in "The Merger--Joint reasons for the
merger" and "--Recommendation of Data Critical's board; Data Critical's reasons
for the merger," the Data Critical board unanimously approved the proposed
transaction and the merger agreement. The Data Critical board authorized the
executive officers of Data Critical to negotiate any final changes necessary to
the merger agreement and related ancillary documents on behalf of Data Critical
and determined to recommend to Data Critical's stockholders that they vote to
approve the issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in the merger.

   After the close of the stock market on March 12, 2001, Data Critical and
VitalCom executed the merger agreement and the ancillary documents, and issued
a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

Joint reasons for the merger

   The boards of directors of both Data Critical and VitalCom based their
decisions to recommend the proposed merger on their belief that the merger will
jointly benefit Data Critical and VitalCom and their stockholders in a number
of ways, including the following:

  . Benefits of scale. The merger will create a larger, combined company
    with:

   . greater technological, financial and business resources;

   . a more diversified product base;

   . greater product research and development capabilities;

   . an expanded distribution and OEM network;

   . an increased ability to compete effectively for business and sales;

   . greater brand recognition;

   . an enhanced ability to negotiate more favorable terms in its commercial
     dealings; and

   . greater cost efficiency resulting from the elimination and reduction of
     redundant corporate overhead.

  . Benefits of Diversification. The merger will combine two different, but
    complimentary, product lines. The combined company's diverse product line
    will offer a broader and more comprehensive family of

    wireless products to the hospital market, as compared to the product lines
    of competitors or by either Data Critical or VitalCom independently. By
    leveraging each company's existing customer and strategic relationships, the
    combined company could expand its customer base and establish a market
    leadership position in the market for wireless hospital products.

  . Synergistic Technology. The combination of the two companies'
    technologies and research and development operations are expected to
    result in substantial synergies and potential technological superiority
    over competing products.

  . Increased Prospects for Profitability. The increased scale, potential
    synergies, product diversification and enhanced market position of the
    combined company are expected to improve the combined company's prospect
    for near-term profitability.

Recommendations of Data Critical's board; Data Critical's reasons for the
merger

   The Data Critical board of directors has unanimously approved the merger and
the merger agreement and has determined that the terms of the merger are fair
to, and in the best interests of, Data Critical and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the Data Critical board of directors unanimously recommends that
Data Critical's stockholders vote "FOR" approval of the issuance of shares of
common stock in the merger. In addition to the anticipated joint benefits
described above, the Data Critical board of directors believes that there are
additional reasons the merger will be beneficial to Data Critical and its
stockholders:

  . New Sales Opportunities. The merger will expand Data Critical's product
    base, will provide increased sales opportunities with current Data
    Critical customers and strategic partners and will create opportunities
    for introduction and cross-selling of Data Critical products to
    VitalCom's customers and strategic partners.

  . New Technology. The merger will provide Data Critical with new and
    additional technology that could not be created independently by Data
    Critical without significant time and expense.

   In the course of its deliberations, Data Critical's board of directors
reviewed and considered a number of other factors relevant to the merger,
including the following:

  . information regarding historical market prices and other information with
    respect to VitalCom common stock and Data Critical common stock, and the
    financial performance and condition, assets, liabilities, business
    operations, and prospects of each of VitalCom and Data Critical and their
    projected future values as separate entities and on a combined basis;

  . the potential financial impact of the merger on Data Critical, including
    its stock price, cash balance, revenue and earnings;

  . the current and prospective economic and competitive environment facing
    not only Data Critical, but also the healthcare information technology
    sector in general;

  . the competitive advantages that VitalCom's technology offers in respect
    of compliance with new federal regulations governing wireless hospital
    products;

  . the compatibility of management of the two companies and the prospective
    management team for the combined company, including the need to enter
    into employment agreements with Mr. Frank Sample and Mr. Stephen Hannah
    of VitalCom and Mr. Michael Singer, Mr. Brad Harlow and Mr. Robert May of
    Data Critical;

  . on completion of the merger, Data Critical's board of directors will
    consist of eight members, six of whom will be from the existing Data
    Critical board, but only two of whom will be from the existing VitalCom
    board;

  . the tax and accounting treatment of the merger;

  . VitalCom's large number of hospital customers;

  . the price per share to be paid to VitalCom stockholders represented a 27%
    discount from the then current market price for VitalCom common stock
    based on the exchange ratio, as of the signing of the merger agreement;

  . the results of the business and legal due diligence investigation of
    VitalCom conducted by Data Critical's consultants, employees and counsel;

  . the presentation to the Data Critical board of directors, and opinion
    rendered orally by, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray on March 12, 2001 that, as
    of such date and based upon and subject to the assumptions,
    qualifications and limitations set forth in stated in the U.S. Bancorp
    Piper Jaffray written opinion, as of March 12, 2001, the merger
    consideration to be paid by Data Critical to VitalCom stockholders in the
    merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to Data Critical (the
    full text of the U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray opinion is attached as
    Appendix B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus);

  . a review with Data Critical's attorneys of the terms of the merger
    agreement, including the parties' mutual representations and warranties
    and closing conditions to the merger;

  . the belief that the terms of the merger agreement are reasonable;

  . the execution by stockholders representing approximately 61% of
    outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock of voting agreements,
    pursuant to which those VitalCom stockholders agreed:

   . not to sell their VitalCom shares prior to completion of the merger and
     in restricted circumstances after the merger;

   . to vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement;

   . to vote against any other proposal for the sale, merger, consolidation
     or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of VitalCom; and

   . to grant an irrevocable proxy in favor of Data Critical to vote their
     VitalCom shares in favor of adoption of the merger agreement;

  . the VitalCom stockholder voting agreements described above effectively
    ensure that the required approval of the merger by VitalCom stockholders
    would be obtained regardless of whether or how other VitalCom
    stockholders vote their shares; and

  . the inclusion in the merger agreement of a breakup fee, pursuant to which
    either Data Critical or VitalCom could be required to pay the other a
    termination fee of $500,000 or, under certain circumstances following a
    termination at the fault of VitalCom, VitalCom could be required to pay
    additional fees to Data Critical up to $1,000,000 overall, and that such
    fees might discourage third parties from offering to acquire VitalCom.

   Data Critical's board of directors also considered a variety of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the
following:

  . VitalCom's longer sales cycle and the size, quality and likelihood of
    completion of VitalCom's sales pipeline;

  . VitalCom's dependence on a small number of customers for a substantial
    majority of its revenues, and on one supplier for the manufacture of a
    substantial majority of its products;

  . risks associated with the merger's impact on each company's customers and
    strategic partners, including the willingness of those customers and
    strategic partners to continue to do business with the combined company
    and any new terms demanded by such customers and strategic partners;

  . risks associated with the fact that VitalCom's products compete with the
    products of existing Data Critical customers and strategic partners;

  . differences in the revenue recognition accounting policies of the two
    companies;

  . the dilutive effect of the Data Critical common stock to be issued in the
    merger;

  . the risk that the market price of Data Critical's common stock might be
    adversely affected by consummation of the merger;

  . the risk that integration of the two companies' management and scientific
    cultures might not be accomplished quickly or smoothly;

  . the potential loss of key Data Critical employees who are important to
    the ongoing success of Data Critical and to the integration of VitalCom's
    operations and technology; and

  . other risks described under the heading "Risk Factors" beginning on page
    14.

   The preceding discussion of the information and factors considered by the
Data Critical board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but is
believed to include all material factors considered by the Data Critical board
of directors. Each member of the Data Critical board of directors may have
considered different factors and may have given different weights to different
factors. In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, the Data Critical board of directors did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to
the specific factors considered in reaching its determination.

Recommendations of VitalCom's board; VitalCom's reasons for the merger

   The VitalCom board of directors has unanimously approved the merger and the
merger agreement, and has determined that the terms of the merger are fair to,
and in the best interests of, VitalCom and its stockholders. Accordingly, the
VitalCom board of directors unanimously recommends that VitalCom's stockholders
vote "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement. In the course of its
deliberations, in addition the joint benefits of the merger discussed above,
VitalCom's board of directors reviewed and considered a number of other factors
relevant to the merger, including the following:

  . information regarding historical market prices and other information with
    respect to Data Critical common stock and VitalCom common stock, and the
    financial performance and condition, assets, liabilities, business
    operations, and prospects of each of Data Critical and VitalCom and their
    projected future values as separate entities and on a combined basis;

  . the current and prospective economic and competitive environment facing
    VitalCom;

  . the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the amount
    and nature of the consideration to be received by VitalCom's
    stockholders;

  . other transactions in the industry in consideration of the financial and
    strategic rationale for the transaction;

  . the VitalCom board's assessment of VitalCom's strategic alternatives to
    the merger, including remaining an independent company, acquiring other
    companies, licensing or otherwise transferring its rights to future
    discoveries, and merging or consolidating with a party other than Data
    Critical;

  . taking into account relevant financial, legal, business, marketplace and
    other considerations, the determination of VitalCom's board that it was
    unlikely that another transaction with any other corporation could be
    structured that would offer comparable value to VitalCom's stockholders;

  . the fixed nature of the exchange ratio and the possibility that, if there
    is an increase in the market price of Data Critical common stock prior to
    completion of the merger, the value to be received by VitalCom's
    stockholders would be increased;

  . the potential impact of the merger on the market price of Data Critical's
    common stock;

  . the tax and accounting treatment of the merger;

  . the products and sales prospects of Data Critical, both within its own
    product line, as well as with the synergies that may be created by
    combination with VitalCom;

  . the compatibility of management of the two companies and the prospective
    management team for the combined company, including the need to enter
    into employment agreements with Mr. Frank Sample and Mr. Stephen Hannah
    of VitalCom and Mr. Michael Singer, Mr. Brad Harlow and Mr. Robert May of
    Data Critical;

  . a review with VitalCom's attorneys of the terms of the merger agreement,
    including the parties' mutual representations and warranties and closing
    conditions to the merger;

  . the results of the business and legal due diligence investigation of Data
    Critical conducted by VitalCom's consultants, employees and counsel; and

  . the presentation of, and opinion rendered by, Pinnacle Partners orally to
    VitalCom's board of directors on March 12, 2001, and subsequently in
    writing, that as of such date, and based upon and subject to the
    procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations
    on the analysis undertaken, the exchange ratio of 0.62 shares of Data
    Critical common stock for each share of VitalCom common stock was fair to
    VitalCom's stockholders from a financial point of view (the full text of
    the Pinnacle Partners opinion describes the basis for its opinions and is
    attached as Appendix C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus).

   VitalCom's board of directors also considered a variety of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the
following:

  . the loss of control over the future operations of VitalCom following the
    merger;

  . the fixed nature of the exchange ratio and the risk that, should there be
    a decrease in the market price of Data Critical common stock prior to
    completion of the merger, the value to be received by VitalCom's
    stockholders would be reduced;

  . the price per share to be paid to VitalCom stockholders represented a 27%
    discount from the then current market price for VitalCom common stock
    based on the exchange ratio, as of the signing of the merger agreement;

  . on completion of the merger, Data Critical's board of directors will
    consist of eight members, six of whom will be from the existing Data
    Critical board, but only two of whom will be from the existing VitalCom
    board;

  . risks associated with the merger's impact on each company's customers and
    strategic partners, including the willingness of those customers and
    strategic partners to continue to do business with the combined company
    and any new terms demanded by such customers and strategic partners;

  . the fact that the merger agreement provides that Data Critical has the
    right not to proceed with the transaction under certain circumstances,
    including in the event that greater than ten percent (10%) of VitalCom's
    stockholders elect to exercise their appraisal rights;

  . the fact that VitalCom will be effectively precluded from entering into
    any potentially superior merger or other acquisition transaction with a
    third party because Data Critical demanded that voting agreements be
    executed by a majority of VitalCom stockholders, thus effectively
    ensuring that the required approval of the merger by VitalCom
    stockholders will be obtained regardless of whether or how other VitalCom
    stockholders vote their shares;

  . the provisions of the merger agreement that prohibit VitalCom and it
    officers, directors, employees and representatives from soliciting or
    encouraging any alternate proposals, or, subject to the fiduciary duties
    of the VitalCom board, from negotiating with any third parties with
    respect to an alternate proposal;

  . the inclusion in the merger agreement of a breakup fee, pursuant to which
    either Data Critical or VitalCom could be required to pay the other a
    termination fee of $500,000 or, under certain circumstances following a
    termination at the fault of VitalCom, VitalCom could be required to pay
    additional fees to Data Critical up to $1,000,000 overall, and that such
    fees might discourage third parties from offering to acquire VitalCom;
    and

  . other risks described under the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning
    on page 14.

   The preceding discussion of the information and factors considered by the
VitalCom board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but is believed
to include all material factors considered by the VitalCom board of directors.
Each member of the VitalCom board of directors may have considered different
factors and may have given different weights to different factors. In view of
the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the VitalCom board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did
not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination.

Opinion of Data Critical's financial advisor

   Data Critical retained U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to render to the board of
directors of Data Critical an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the consideration to be paid by Data Critical in the merger.

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray delivered to the board of directors of Data
Critical on March 12, 2001, its opinion, as of that date and based upon and
subject to the assumptions, factors and limitations set forth in the written
opinion and described below, that the consideration proposed to be paid by Data
Critical in the proposed merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to
Data Critical. A copy of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's written opinion is
attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix B and is incorporated
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference.

   While U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered its opinion and provided certain
analyses to the board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray was not
requested to and did not make any recommendation to the board of directors as
to the specific form or amount of the consideration to be paid by Data Critical
in the proposed merger. Such consideration was determined through negotiations
between VitalCom and Data Critical. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's written
opinion, which was directed to the Data Critical board of directors, addresses
only the fairness to Data Critical, from a financial point of view, of the
proposed consideration to be paid by Data Critical in the proposed merger. The
opinion does not address Data Critical's underlying business decision to
participate in the merger, and does not constitute a recommendation to any Data
Critical stockholder as to how a stockholder should vote with respect to the
merger.

   In arriving it its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's review included:

  . a draft dated March 10, 2001 of the merger agreement;

  . selected financial, operating and business information related to Data
    Critical and VitalCom;

  . publicly available market and securities data of Data Critical, VitalCom
    and of selected public companies deemed comparable to VitalCom and Data
    Critical;

  . to the extent publicly available, financial information relating to
    selected transactions deemed comparable to the proposed merger; and

  . internal financial information of VitalCom and Data Critical prepared for
    financial planning purposes and furnished by VitalCom and Data Critical
    management.

   In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray conducted discussions with members
of senior management of VitalCom concerning the financial condition, current
operating results and business outlook of VitalCom. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
also conducted discussions with members of senior management of Data Critical
concerning the financial condition, current operating results and business
outlook of Data Critical, VitalCom and the combined company following the
merger.

   In delivering its opinion to the board of directors of Data Critical, U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray prepared and delivered to the board of directors written
materials containing various analyses and other information material to the
opinion. Here is a summary of the analyses contained in the materials:

 Implied Consideration

   Giving effect to the exchange ratio, the resulting implied value of Data
Critical stock consideration of $1.705 per share of VitalCom common stock
(based on the closing trading price for Data Critical common stock on March 9,
2001 of $2.75) and the outstanding VitalCom common shares and common share
equivalents, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray calculated the aggregate implied value
of the stock consideration payable in the transaction for VitalCom common stock
to be approximately $13.9 million. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also calculated
that stockholders of VitalCom would be issued an aggregate of 29.1% of the
total Data Critical common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding after
the merger.

 Market Analysis

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed the exchange ratio for this transaction
against the "implied" exchange ratio based on historical stock prices for Data
Critical. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray examined the exchange ratios implied by
the ten, thirty, sixty, ninety, and one hundred and eighty trading day mean and
median stock prices for Data Critical and VitalCom. This analysis produced the
following implied historical exchange ratios:

                                                 Historical Exchange Ratio
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Transaction  Low  Mean  Median High
                                            ----------- ----- ----- ------ -----

10 Day Period..............................    0.62x    0.71x 0.77x 0.76x  0.86x

30 Day Period..............................    0.62x    0.45x 0.67x 0.68x  0.86x

60 Day Period..............................    0.62x    0.45x 0.68x 0.69x  0.96x

90 Day Period..............................    0.62x    0.45x 0.74x 0.72x  1.11x

180 Day Period.............................    0.62x    0.12x 0.49x 0.45x  1.11x

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also presented selected price and volume
distribution data of VitalCom.

 VitalCom Comparable Company Analysis

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared financial information and valuation
ratios relating to VitalCom to corresponding data and ratios from four publicly
traded companies deemed comparable to VitalCom. This group included Card Guard,
Data Critical, DataScope and Spacelabs Medical. This group was selected from
companies that operate in the information technology, electromedical, patient
monitoring and diagnostic segments of the healthcare industry and were
companies otherwise deemed comparable by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.

   This analysis produced multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                                         VitalCom        Comparable Companies
                                   -------------------- ----------------------
                                   Implied(1) Market(2) Low  Mean Median High
                                   ---------- --------- ---- ---- ------ -----

Company value to latest twelve
 months revenue...................    0.4x      0.7x    0.7x 5.0x  1.2x  16.6x
Company value to estimated
 calendar 2000 revenue............    0.4x      0.7x    0.7x 3.4x  1.2x  10.5x

- --------
(1)Based on implied value of merger consideration.
(2)Based on market value as of March 9, 2001.

 Merger and Acquisition Analysis

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed nine merger and acquisition transactions
that it deemed comparable to the merger. It selected these transactions by
searching SEC filings, public company disclosures, press releases, industry and
popular press reports, databases and other sources and by applying the
following criteria:

  . transactions in which the target company operated in the information
    technology, electromedical, patient monitoring and diagnostic segments of
    the healthcare industry;

  . transactions with an equity value of greater than $15 million;

  . transactions in which the target company had revenue greater than $10
    million;

  . transactions in which there was a change in control of the target
    company; and

  . transactions announced or completed between January 1, 1998 and March 9,
    2001.

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared the resulting multiples of selected
valuation data to multiples for VitalCom derived from the implied value payable
in the merger.

                                                       Comparable Transactions
                                                       ------------------------
                                              VitalCom  Low  Mean  Median High
                                              -------- ----- ----- ------ -----

Company value to latest twelve months
 revenue.....................................   0.4x    0.7x  1.7x  1.5x   2.3x
Company value to latest twelve months
 earnings before interest, taxes,
 depreciation and amortization...............  NM(1)    7.5x 12.7x 13.0x  18.6x
Company value to latest twelve months
 earnings before interest and taxes..........  NM(1)   16.1x 20.9x 17.9x  38.3x
Equity Value to latest twelve months net
 income......................................  NM(1)   23.0x 33.4x 26.4x  72.2x

- --------
(1)Data is not meaningful.

 Premiums Paid Analysis

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed nine completed merger and acquisition
transactions that it deemed comparable to the merger to determine the implied
premiums payable in the mergers over recent trading prices. It selected these
transactions by searching SEC filings, public company disclosures, press
releases, industry and popular press reports, databases and other sources and
by applying the following criteria:

  . transactions in which the target company operated in the information
    technology, electromedical, patient monitoring and diagnostic segments of
    the healthcare industry;

  . transactions in which the target company had revenue greater than $10
    million;

  . transactions in which there was a change in control of the target
    company; and

  . transactions completed between January 1, 1999 and March 9, 2001.

   The table below shows a comparison of those premiums to the premium that
would be paid to VitalCom stockholders based on the implied value payable in
the merger. The premium calculations for VitalCom stock are based upon an
assumed announcement date of March 10, 2001:

                                                Implied Premium (Discount)
                                              ---------------------------------
                                                             Comparable
                                              VitalCom      Transactions
                                              --------  -----------------------
                                                        Low   Mean  Medium High
                                                        ----  ----  ------ ----

One day before announcement..................  (22.1)%   2.1% 35.7%  37.6% 78.0%
One week before announcement.................  (14.8)   10.6  37.2   44.9  56.6
Four weeks before announcement...............    1.0    27.4  43.8   43.7  58.7

 VitalCom Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed a discounted cash flow analysis for
VitalCom in which it calculated the present value of the projected future cash
flows of VitalCom using internal financial planning data prepared by VitalCom
management. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray estimated a range of theoretical values
for VitalCom based on the net present value of its implied annual cash flows
and a terminal value for VitalCom in 2003 calculated based upon a multiple of
revenue. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied a range of discount rates of 20% to
30% and a range of terminal value multiples of 1.0x to 2.0x of forecasted 2003
revenue:

     Per Share Equity Value of VitalCom
     ----------------------------------

     Low.................................................................. $2.17
     Mid..................................................................  3.40
     High.................................................................  4.91

     Aggregate Equity Value of VitalCom
     ----------------------------------
     (in thousands)

     Low............................................................... $17,666
     Mid...............................................................  27,669
     High..............................................................  39,880

 Pro Forma Analyses

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed pro forma effects resulting from the
impact of the transaction on the projected earnings per share and projected
cash earnings per share of the combined company at and for the four fiscal
quarters in fiscal 2001 and for fiscal year ending December 31, 2001 using
management estimates for VitalCom and publicly available estimates for Data
Critical. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed this analysis with and without
taking into account operational synergies of approximately $1 million that
management estimates the combined company may realize following consummation of
the transaction. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray determined that the transaction
could be accretive for the full fiscal year ending 2001 to the projected stand-
alone earnings per share and the projected cash earnings per share of Data
Critical, both with and without taking into account operational synergies.

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed the expected contributions of each of
VitalCom and Data Critical to revenue and gross profit of the combined company
for the four fiscal quarters in 2001, and the fiscal year ending December 31,
2001 based on the same forward looking information, without synergies and using
April 30, 2001 as an assumed effective date of the merger, described above. The
analysis indicated that during these periods VitalCom would contribute to the
combined entity revenue of 38.0% and gross profit of 36.2%. VitalCom
stockholders will receive an aggregate of approximately 29.1% of the shares of
the combined company.

 Analysis of Data Critical Common Stock

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed general background information
concerning Data Critical, including recent financial and operating results and
outlook.

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared selected financial data and ratios for
Data Critical to the corresponding data and ratios for the same comparable
company group described above. The stock price used in the calculations was
Data Critical's closing price of $2.75 on March 9, 2001. This analysis produced
multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                                                                   Comparable
                                                                    Companies
                                                                  -------------
                                                           Data     Range of
                                                         Critical   Multiples
                                                         -------- -------------

   Company value to latest twelve months revenue........   0.8x   0.7x to 16.6x
   Company value to estimated calendar 2000 revenue.....   0.8x   0.7x to 10.5x
   Company value to estimated calendar 2001 revenue.....   0.5x   0.5x to  4.9x
   Company value to estimated calendar 2002 revenue.....   0.2x   0.2x to  3.3x

   In reaching its conclusion as to the fairness of the merger consideration
and in its presentation to the board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
did not rely on any single analysis or factor described above, assign relative
weights to the analyses or factors considered by it, or make any conclusion as
to how the results of any given analysis, taken alone, supported its opinion.
The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and not necessarily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selection of portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all of the factors and analyses, would create a misleading
view of the processes underlying the opinion.

   The analyses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by the analyses. Analyses relating to the value of
companies do not purport to be appraisals or valuations or necessarily reflect
the price at which companies may actually be sold. No company or transaction
used in any analysis for purposes of comparison is identical to VitalCom, Data
Critical, or the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the
comparisons is not mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and
judgments about differences in the companies to which VitalCom and Data
Critical were compared and other factors that could affect the public trading
value of the companies.

   For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon and
assumed the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the financial statements and
other information provided to it by VitalCom and Data Critical or otherwise
made available to it and did not assume responsibility for the independent
verification of that information. Information prepared for financial planning
purposes was not prepared with the expectation of public disclosure. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon the assurances of the management of VitalCom
and Data Critical that the information provided to it by VitalCom and Data
Critical was prepared on a reasonable basis, the financial planning data and
other business outlook information reflects the best currently available
estimates of management, and management was not aware of any information or
facts that would make the information provided to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
incomplete or misleading. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also assumed that there
have been no material changes in Data Critical's or VitalCom's assets,
financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the
respective dates of their last financial statements made available to U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray.

   In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not perform any
appraisals or valuations of any specific assets or liabilities of VitalCom or
Data Critical, and was not furnished with any such appraisals or valuations.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the liquidation value of
any entity. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the price at
which shares of VitalCom or Data Critical common stock have traded or at which
the shares of VitalCom, Data Critical or the combined company may trade at any
future time. The opinion is based on information available to U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray and the facts and circumstances as they existed and were subject
to evaluation on the date of the opinion. Events occurring after that date
could materially affect the assumptions used in preparing the opinion. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray has not undertaken to and is not obligated to affirm or
revise its opinion or otherwise comment on any events occurring after the date
it was given.

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray was not requested to opine as to, and the opinion
does not address, the basic business decision to proceed with or effect the
transaction. The opinion does not address the relative merits of the
transaction, on the one hand, or any alternative business strategies or
alternative transactions that may be available, on the other hand.

   U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, as a customary part of its investment banking
business, evaluates businesses and their securities in connection with mergers
and acquisitions, underwritings and secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. The
Data Critical board of directors selected U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray because of
its expertise, reputation and familiarity with the healthcare industry. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray provides research coverage on and maintains a market in
the common stock of Data Critical. In the ordinary course of its business, U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray and its

affiliates may actively trade securities of Data Critical for their own
accounts or the accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in those securities.

   Under the terms of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's engagement letter with Data
Critical, Data Critical has agreed to pay U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray a
customary fee upon consummation of the transaction for U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray's financial advisory services. Data Critical has agreed to pay U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray a customary fee for rendering its opinion, which will be
credited against payment of the fee for financial advisory services. The
contingent nature of the financial advisory fee may have created a potential
conflict of interest in that Data Critical would be unlikely to consummate the
transaction unless it had received the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.
Whether or not the transaction is consummated, Data Critical has agreed to pay
the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and to
indemnify U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray against liabilities incurred. These
liabilities include liabilities under the federal securities laws in connection
with the engagement of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray by the board of directors.

Opinion of VitalCom's financial advisor

   VitalCom retained Pinnacle Partners, Inc. to act as its financial advisor to
evaluate the financial terms of the merger with Data Critical and to render an
opinion as to its fairness. On March 12, 2001, Pinnacle Partners rendered its
oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the VitalCom
board of directors that the exchange ratio is fair from a financial point of
view to the VitalCom stockholders.

   The full text of the Pinnacle Partners written opinion dated March 12, 2001,
which sets forth in its entirety the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations of the review undertaken, is attached as Annex B to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. This summary is qualified by reference to the full
text of such opinion. Holders of VitalCom common stock are urged to read
carefully the entire opinion. The engagement of Pinnacle Partners and its
opinion are for the benefit of the VitalCom board of directors and its opinion
was delivered to the VitalCom board of directors in connection with its
consideration of the merger. The Pinnacle Partners opinion addresses only the
fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view to the VitalCom
stockholders; it does not address any other aspect of the merger nor does it
constitute a recommendation to any holder of VitalCom common stock as to how to
vote with respect to the merger.

   In connection with the Pinnacle Partners opinion, Pinnacle Partners
reviewed, among other things:

  . an executed copy of the merger agreement, dated as of March 12, 2001;

  . Annual Reports to stockholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each
    of VitalCom and Data Critical for the three years ended December 31,
    1999;

  . certain interim reports to stockholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-
    Q for each of VitalCom and Data Critical;

  . communications from VitalCom and Data Critical to their respective
    stockholders;

  . certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for VitalCom and Data
    Critical prepared by their respective managements; and,

  . certain internal financial analyses and pro forma consolidated forecasts
    (including certain projected cost savings and operating synergies)
    reflecting the combination of VitalCom and Data Critical prepared by
    their respective managements.

   In addition, Pinnacle Partners:

  . held discussions with members of the senior managements of VitalCom and
    Data Critical regarding the strategic rationale for, and potential
    benefits of, the merger and the past and current business operations,
    financial condition and future prospects of VitalCom and Data Critical;

  . reviewed the reported price and trading activity of the common stock of
    each of VitalCom and Data Critical;

  . compared certain financial and stock market information for VitalCom and
    Data Critical with similar information for other publicly traded
    companies;

  . reviewed the financial terms of certain business combinations in the
    healthcare monitoring and hospital equipment industries and in other
    industries generally; and

  . performed such other studies and analyses as it considered appropriate.

   In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, Pinnacle Partners
assumed and relied on the accuracy, completeness and fairness of information
given to or reviewed by or discussed with it for the purpose of rendering its
opinion, without independently verifying such information. Pinnacle Partners
assumed, with VitalCom's consent, that the merger would be in accordance with
the terms in the merger agreement, in the form reviewed by Pinnacle Partners
and without VitalCom or Data Critical's waiver of any of the conditions to
their obligations under the merger agreement. Pinnacle Partners did not
independently evaluate or appraise the assets of VitalCom or Data Critical, nor
was it given any such evaluations or appraisals. The Pinnacle Partners opinion
is based on the information that it had and the facts and circumstances as they
existed and were evaluated on its date.

   The following is a summary of the material analyses performed and factors
considered by Pinnacle Partners in connection with rendering the Pinnacle
Partners opinion.

 Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Companies

   Pinnacle Partners reviewed and compared actual and forecast financial,
operating and stock market information of selected public companies that were
engaged in businesses that Pinnacle Partners believed to be generally
comparable to the businesses of VitalCom and Data Critical. The companies that
Pinnacle Partners evaluated were grouped in three general sectors: (1) the
hospital monitoring and therapy equipment sector, (2) the hospital information
systems sector and (3) the hospital consulting and outsourcing services sector.
The companies analyzed are shown in below.

                       Publicly Traded Companies Analyzed

    Hospital Monitoring and                                        Hospital Consulting and
       Therapy Equipment         Hospital Information Systems        Outsourcing Services
- -------------------------------  ---------------------------- ----------------------------------

Alaris Medical, Inc.             Eclipsys Corporation         DAOU Systems, Inc.
Criticare Systems, Inc.          IDX Systems Corporation      First Consulting Group
Datascope Corporation            Mediware Information Systems Per-Se Technologies, Inc.
Invivo Corporation               Sunquest Information Systems Superior Consultant Holdings Corp.
Novametrix Medical Systems Inc.
SpaceLabs Medical, Inc.
Zevex International, Inc.

   In analyzing the selected publicly traded companies, Pinnacle Partners
deemed the businesses of the companies in the hospital monitoring and therapy
equipment sector to be most comparable to the businesses of VitalCom and Data
Critical. Pinnacle Partners also deemed the businesses of the companies in the
hospital information systems and hospital consulting and outsourcing services
sectors to be relevant in performing the analysis of publicly traded ompanies
because certain aspects of the businesses of the companies in these two
industry sectors were similar to certain aspects of the businesses of VitalCom
and Data Critical.

   Pinnacle Partners analyzed the respective multiples of the enterprise value,
which is defined as the aggregate market value of a company's publicly traded
stock (derived by multiplying a company's total shares and common share
equivalents outstanding by the latest closing stock price) plus the book value
of total debt

and redeemable preferred stock outstanding less the value of cash and cash
equivalents on the company's latest available balance sheet), of these
companies to their sales, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, or EBITDA, and earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, for
the latest twelve months, or LTM; and the respective multiples of the equity
value which is derived by multiplying a company's total shares and common share
equivalents outstanding by the latest closing stock price, of these companies
to their LTM net income and projected net income for each company's next fiscal
year. A summary of this analysis is shown below.

           Summary Results of Analysis of Selected Public Companies--
                Hospital Monitoring and Therapy Equipment Sector

   Data Analyzed        Harmonic Mean Multiple     Low Multiple     High Multiple
- --------------------    ----------------------     ------------     -------------

LTM Sales                       0.88x                 0.49x             1.56x
LTM EBITDA                       6.6x                  4.0x             13.1x
LTM EBIT                         7.9x                  4.9x             12.0x
LTM Net Income                   9.7x                  7.2x             17.9x
Projected Net Income            28.2x                 16.5x             95.7x

      Summary Results of Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Companies--
                             All Companies Analyzed

   Data Analyzed        Harmonic Mean Multiple     Low Multiple     High Multiple
- --------------------    ----------------------     ------------     -------------

LTM Sales                       0.71x                 0.16x             2.79x
LTM EBITDA                       6.2x                  4.0x             13.1x
LTM EBIT                         8.3x                  4.9x             13.5x
LTM Net Income                  11.2x                  7.2x             19.8x
Projected Net Income            36.0x                 16.5x            114.8x

   In deriving a mean statistic for a universe of valuation multiples, Pinnacle
Partners used a harmonic mean, which is the reciprocal of the arithmetic mean
of the reciprocals of a specified set of numbers, because it normalizes an
assumed equal dollar investment in each individual security. Pinnacle Partners
believes the harmonic mean is an appropriate statistic for evaluating the
impact of relatively higher multiple securities within a given portfolio of
securities.

   Pinnacle Partners then derived a range of imputed equity values per share
for each of VitalCom and Data Critical by applying the multiples derived from
the universe of publicly traded analyzed companies to the corresponding data
for each of VitalCom and Data Critical. In applying the multiples derived from
the universe of publicly traded analyzed companies to the corresponding data
for each of VitalCom and Data Critical, Pinnacle Partners only applied
multiples corresponding to sales data for each of VitalCom and Data Critical.
Pinnacle Partners did not apply multiples derived from the analysis of the
public companies corresponding to EBITDA, EBIT, net income or projected net
income data to the corresponding data for each of VitalCom and Data Critical
because:

  . each of VitalCom and Data Critical had generated operating and net losses
    throughout the historical periods reviewed;

  . VitalCom's internally prepared financial forecast showed an operating
    profit and a net profit for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2001, yet
    VitalCom's ability to actually generate an operating profit in the next
    fiscal year was uncertain given its historical financial performance and
    because VitalCom had not achieved its forecast in the previous fiscal
    year (primarily related to higher than expected research and development
    expenditures related to new product introductions); and

  . Data Critical's internally prepared financial forecasts projected both an
    operating loss and a net loss. Therefore, any imputed equity values that
    would be derived from the analysis based upon EBITDA, EBIT, net income or
    projected net income for either company would be negative and not
    meaningful.

   Using the multiples derived from the analysis of the publicly traded
hospital monitoring and therapy equipment companies as applied to VitalCom's
LTM sales resulted in mean, high and low imputed equity values per share of
$2.63, $4.07 and $1.80, respectively, for VitalCom. Pinnacle Partners compared
these values to the imputed transaction price per share of $1.32 (based on the
closing price of Data Critical's common stock on March 12, 2001, the last
trading day prior to announcing the merger, and the exchange ratio of 0.62x)
and noted that the imputed transaction price per share represented mean, high
and low discounts to the imputed equity values of approximately 50%, 68% and
27%, respectively.

   Using the multiples derived from the analysis of all of the analyzed
publicly traded companies as applied to VitalCom's LTM sales resulted in mean,
high and low imputed equity values per share of $2.27, $6.69 and $1.10,
respectively, for VitalCom. Pinnacle Partners compared these values to the
imputed transaction price per share of $1.32 and noted that the imputed
transaction values represented mean and high discounts to the imputed equity
values of approximately 42% and 80% for the mean and high multiples,
respectively, and a premium of approximately 20% for the low multiple.

   Using the multiples derived from the analysis of the publicly traded
hospital monitoring and therapy equipment companies as applied to Data
Critical's LTM sales resulted in mean, high and low imputed equity values per
share of $2.92, $3.91 and $2.35, respectively, for Data Critical. Pinnacle
Partners compared these values to Data Critical's closing price per share of
$2.13 on March 12, 2001 and noted that such price represented mean, high and
low discounts to the imputed equity values of approximately 27%, 46% and 9%,
respectively.

   Using the multiples derived from the analysis of all of the analyzed public
companies as applied to Data Critical's LTM sales resulted in mean, high and
low imputed equity values per share of $2.67, $5.70 and $1.87, respectively,
for Data Critical. Pinnacle Partners compared these values to Data Critical's
latest closing price per share of $2.13 as of March 12, 2001 and noted that
share price represented mean and high discounts to the imputed equity values of
approximately 20% and 63% for the mean and high multiples, respectively, and a
premium of approximately 14% for the low multiple.

 Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions

   Pinnacle Partners reviewed selected publicly available financial and
transaction information related to seven business combination transactions and
one attempted business combination transaction that involved target companies
that were engaged in businesses that Pinnacle Partners deemed to be comparable
to or relevant to the businesses of each of VitalCom and Data Critical. The
eight transactions involved target companies that were engaged primarily in the
healthcare monitoring and hospital equipment industries. All of the
transactions occurred from 1995 and were valued at less than $2.5 billion. The
transactions evaluated are described below.

           Summary Information Relating to the Transactions Analyzed

                                                                    Transaction
Target Company                             Acquiror Company            Date
- --------------                             ----------------         -----------

SpaceLabs Medical, Inc.               Cardiac Sciences, Inc.         Withdrawn
Protocol Systems, Inc.                Welch Allyn Corporation          7/13/00
Shared Medical Systems Corporation    Siemens Corporation              6/30/00
Critikon Company                      Liberty Partners, L.P.           11/6/98
Physio Control Corporation            Medtronics, Inc.                 9/30/98
Nellcor Puritan-Bennett, Inc.         Mallinckrodt Inc.                7/23/97
Medical Data Enterprises, Inc.        Thermo Electron Corporation       8/1/96
Puritan-Bennett Corporation           Nellcor, Inc.                    8/25/95

   Pinnacle Partners analyzed the respective multiples of the transaction
values for these transactions to the LTM sales, EBITDA, EBIT and latest
available quarter's total assets for the target company in these

transactions, and multiples of the purchase price of the equity for these
transactions to the LTM net income and latest quarter's stockholders' equity
(book value) for the target company in these transactions. A summary of the
analysis is shown below.

         Summary Results of Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions

                         Harmonic
 Data Analyzed         Mean Multiple             Low Multiple             High Multiple
 -------------         -------------             ------------             -------------

 LTM Sales                 1.52x                 0.84x                        3.04x
 LTM EBITDA                17.3x                 10.8x                        41.7x
 LTM EBIT                  21.7x                 16.5x                        34.6x
 Total Assets              1.80x                 0.76x                        4.69x
 LTM Net Income            32.9x                 18.4x                        55.7x
 Book Value                2.47x                 0.86x                        8.49x

   Pinnacle Partners then derived a range of imputed purchase price values per
share for each of VitalCom and Data Critical by applying the multiples derived
from the analysis of selected precedent transactions to the corresponding data
for each of VitalCom and Data Critical. In applying the multiples derived from
analyzing selected precedent transactions to the corresponding data for each of
VitalCom and Data Critical, Pinnacle Partners only applied multiples
corresponding to sales, total assets and book value data for each of VitalCom
and Data Critical. Pinnacle Partners did not apply multiples derived from
analyzing selected precedent transactions corresponding to EBITDA, EBIT and net
income data to the corresponding data for each of VitalCom and Data Critical
because each of VitalCom and Data Critical had generated operating and net
losses throughout the historical periods reviewed; any imputed purchase price
values that would be derived from the analysis based on EBITDA, EBIT or net
income data for either company would be negative and not meaningful.

   Using the harmonic mean multiples derived from analyzing selected precedent
transactions as applied to VitalCom's LTM sales and latest available quarter's
total assets and stockholders' equity resulted in imputed purchase price values
per share of $3.99, $3.84 and $3.88 based on sales, total assets and book value
multiples, respectively, for VitalCom. Pinnacle Partners compared these values
to the imputed transaction price per share of $1.32 (based on the closing price
of Data Critical's common stock on March 12, 2001, the last trading day prior
to announcing the merger, and the exchange ratio of 0.62x) and noted that the
transaction price per share represented discounts to the imputed purchase
prices per share of approximately 67%, 66% and 66%, respectively.

   Using the low multiples derived from the analysis of selected precedent
transactions as applied to VitalCom's LTM sales and latest available quarter's
total assets and stockholders' equity resulted in imputed purchase price values
per share of $2.54, $2.06 and $1.85 based on sales, total assets and book value
multiples, respectively, for VitalCom. Pinnacle Partners compared these values
to the imputed transaction price per share of $1.32 and noted that the
transaction price per share represented discounts to the imputed purchase
prices per share of approximately 48%, 36% and 29%, respectively.

   Using the harmonic mean multiples derived from analyzing selected precedent
transactions as applied to Data Critical's LTM sales and latest available
quarter's total assets and stockholders' equity resulted in imputed purchase
price values per share of $3.85, $8.06 and $8.88 based on sales, total assets
and book value multiples, respectively, for Data Critical. Pinnacle Partners
compared these values to the closing price per share of Data Critical's common
stock of $2.13 on March 12, 2001 and noted that such price represented
discounts to the imputed purchase prices per share of approximately 45%, 74%
and 76%, respectively.

   Using the low multiples derived from analyzing selected precedent
transactions as applied to Data Critical's LTM sales and latest available
quarter's total assets and stockholders' equity resulted in imputed equity
values per share of $2.86, $4.35 and $4.16 based on sales, total assets and
book value multiples,

respectively, for Data Critical. Pinnacle Partners compared these values to the
closing price per share of Data Critical's common stock of $2.13 on March 12,
2001 and noted that such price represented discounts to the imputed purchase
prices per share of approximately 26%, 51% and 49%, respectively.

   Pinnacle Partners noted that the imputed discounts of the stock prices in
the transaction for each of VitalCom and Data Critical in the transaction when
compared to the imputed purchase price values derived in the analysis were
comparable.

 Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

   Pinnacle Partners performed a discounted cash flow analysis of the forecast
free cash flows of each of VitalCom and Data Critical for the years ending
December 31, 2001 through December 31, 2005, based on financial projections
provided to Pinnacle Partners by the respective senior managements of VitalCom
and Data Critical and based on assumptions made by Pinnacle Partners. A
discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to ascribe a present value to
an anticipated future stream of cash flows based on assumptions relating to,
among other things, (1) prevailing market conditions, (2) costs of capital and
(3) terminal values for a company at the end of the forecast period. As part of
its analysis, Pinnacle Partners assumed, among other things, discount rates of
21% to 23% and terminal multiples of sales of 0.70x to 0.90x to determine a
range of terminal values for each of VitalCom and Data Critical. The discount
rates used by Pinnacle Partners in the discounted cash flow analysis were based
on an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital of each of VitalCom and
Data Critical and incorporated a mean beta value derived from the universe of
public traded companies. The tables below present selected information from the
analysis.

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis--Imputed Equity Value Per Share of VitalCom

                                                               Terminal Multiple
                                                                   of Sales
                                                               -----------------
   Discount Rate                                               0.70x 0.80x 0.90x
   -------------                                               ----- ----- -----

    21%....................................................... $3.12 $3.38 $3.64
    22%.......................................................  3.04  3.29  3.54
    23%.......................................................  2.96  3.20  3.44

 Discounted Cash Flow Analysis--Imputed Equity Value Per Share of Data Critical

                                                               Terminal Multiple
                                                                   of Sales
                                                               -----------------
   Discount Rate                                               0.70x 0.80x 0.90x
   -------------                                               ----- ----- -----

    21%....................................................... $4.05 $4.31 $4.58
    22%.......................................................  3.96  4.21  4.46
    23%.......................................................  3.87  4.11  4.36

   Pinnacle Partners noted that for each of VitalCom and Data Critical, the
imputed equity values per share derived in the discounted cash flow analysis
were higher than the closing prices of the common stock of each company on
March 12, 2001. Based on the closing price of the common stock of Data Critical
of $2.13 per share on March 12, 2001, the exchange ratio of 0.62x and the
imputed equity value per share of VitalCom based upon a discount rate of 22%
and a terminal sales multiple of 0.80x of $3.29, the imputed value per share as
of March 12, 2001 to be received by the VitalCom stockholders represented a 60%
discount to the imputed value per share derived in the discounted cash flow
analysis of VitalCom. Based on the closing price of the common stock of Data
Critical of $2.13 per share on March 12, 2001 and the imputed equity value per
share of Data Critical based on a discount rate of 22% and a terminal sales
multiple of 0.80x of $4.21, the latest closing stock price of Data Critical
represented a 50% discount to the imputed value per share derived in the
discounted cash flow analysis of Data Critical. Pinnacle Partners noted that
the imputed discounts of the stock prices for each of VitalCom and Data
Critical in the transaction when compared to the imputed values derived in the
analysis were comparable. However, Pinnacle Partners did not place significant
emphasis on the

discounted cash analysis because such an analysis did not take into account,
among other things, (1) the execution risk associated with implementing each
company's forecast business plan and (2) limitations on the availability of
capital to each of the companies to support their respective business plans.

 Exchange Ratio Analysis

   Pinnacle Partners reviewed the imputed exchange ratios based on the closing
market prices of the common stock of each of VitalCom and Data Critical for the
period November 19, 1999 (the first day of trading Data Critical's common stock
following its initial public offering) through March 12, 2001. The table below
presents a summary of the analysis.

                   Summary Results of Exchange Ratio Analysis

                                                               Average Exchange
   Trading Period                                                 Ratio for
      Analyzed                  Date Range Analyzed             Trading Period
- ---------------------           -------------------            ----------------

Last 30 trading days    January 29, 2001 to March 12, 2001          0.75x

Last 60 trading days    December 13, 2000 to March 12, 2001         0.68x

Last 90 trading days    October 31, 2000 to March 12, 2001          0.73x

Last 120 trading days   September 19, 2000 to March 12, 2001        0.71x

Last 180 trading days   June 23, 2000 to March 12, 2001             0.66x

Last 327 trading days   November 19, 1999 to March 12, 2001         0.55x

   Pinnacle Partners noted that the negotiated exchange ratio of 0.62 was lower
than the average exchange ratio (based on closing market stock prices) for the
periods analyzed of 180 trading days ended March 12, 2001 or less, and ranged
from a discount of approximately 17% (when compared to 0.75x, the highest
average exchange ratio of the trading periods analyzed) to approximately 6%
(when compared to 0.66x, the lowest average exchange ratio of the trading
periods analyzed). Pinnacle Partners noted that the negotiated exchange ratio
of 0.62 was higher than the average exchange ratio for the 327 trading days
ended March 12, 2001 by approximately 13%.

 Contribution Analysis

   Pinnacle Partners analyzed the financial contribution of each of VitalCom
and Data Critical to the pro forma financial results of a combined company
based on selected actual income statement and balance sheet data for the years
ended December 31, 1998 and 1999 and based upon selected estimated and forecast
income statement data for the years ending December 31, 2000 and 2001,
respectively. The table below presents a summary of the analysis.

                    Summary Results of Contribution Analysis

                                       Approximate
                          Approximate  Contribution
Financial Data and        Contribution   by Data
Period Analyzed           by VitalCom    Critical
- ------------------        ------------ ------------

Sales for the year ended
 December 31, 1998......       83%          17%

Sales for the year ended
 December 31, 1999......       64%          36%

Sales for the year ended
 December 31, 2000......       49%          51%

Sales for the year
 ending December 31,
 2001...................       45%          55%

Gross profit for the
 year ended December 31,
 1998...................       83%          17%

Gross profit for the
 year ended December 31,
 1999...................       60%          40%

Gross profit for the
 year ended December 31,
 2000...................       45%          55%

Gross profit for the
 year ending December
 31, 2001...............       49%          51%

Operating loss for the
 year ended December 31,
 1998...................       28%          72%

Operating loss for the
 year ended December 31,
 1999...................       52%          48%

Operating loss for the
 year ended December 31,
 2000...................       35%          65%

Book value of total
 assets as of September
 30, 2000...............       24%          76%

Stockholders' equity as
 of September 30, 2000..       22%          78%

Cash and cash
 equivalents as of
 September 30, 2000.....       24%          76%

   Pinnacle Partners compared the financial contribution by VitalCom to the pro
forma financial results of a combined company to the pro forma ownership of a
combined company by the stockholders of VitalCom based on the exchange ratio of
0.62x. Based on the exchange ratio of 0.62x, the pro forma ownership of a
combined company by the stockholders of VitalCom is approximately 27%. Pinnacle
Partners noted that the financial contribution by VitalCom to a combined
company was less than 27% for the balance sheet data analyzed and exceeded 27%
for the income statement data analyzed.

   In preparing the analyses for its opinion, including the analyses described
above, Pinnacle Partners noted that neither VitalCom nor Data Critical had
generated an operating income or net income within the last three fiscal years
and that Data Critical was not expected to generate an operating income or net
income within the next fiscal year. Pinnacle Partners also noted that VitalCom
and Data Critical had approximately $6.2 million and $19.9 million of cash and
cash equivalents on their balance sheets as of December 31, 2000, respectively.
Pinnacle Partners also noted that VitalCom had generated negative sales growth
for the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999.

   The summary set forth does not purport to be a complete description of all
the analyses performed by Pinnacle Partners. Preparing a fairness opinion is a
complex analytic process and is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description. Pinnacle Partners believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and its opinion. In
arriving at its fairness determination, Pinnacle Partners considered the
results of all such analyses and did not assign relative weights to any of the
analyses.

   Pinnacle Partners was not requested to, and did not, independently evaluate
or appraised the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of VitalCom
and Data Critical, and was not furnished with any such evaluations or
appraisals.

   In its analyses, Pinnacle Partners made numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of VitalCom
and Data Critical. The estimates contained in these analyses and the valuation
ranges resulting from any particular analysis do not necessarily indicate
actual values or predict future results or values, which may be significantly
more or less favorable than those suggested by these analyses. In addition,
analyses relating to the value of businesses are not appraisals and do not
reflect the prices at which such businesses may actually be sold or the prices
at which their securities may trade. As a result, the analyses and estimates
described above are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. No company
or transaction used in the analyses as a comparison to VitalCom or Data
Critical is identical to VitalCom or Data Critical or the contemplated
transaction.

   Pinnacle Partners' opinion and financial analyses were not the only factors
considered by the VitalCom board of directors in evaluating the merger, and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of VitalCom's board of
directors or senior management.

   Under the terms of Pinnacle Partners' letter agreement with VitalCom,
VitalCom has agreed to pay Pinnacle Partners a customary fee for rendering
Pinnacle Partners' fairness opinion upon the delivery of the written fairness
opinion to VitalCom's board of directors. If the merger is completed, VitalCom
will also pay to Pinnacle Partners a customary fee. In addition to the fees
provided for above, VitalCom agreed to reimburse Pinnacle Partners, upon
request, for all of Pinnacle Partners' out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with preparing its opinion and in its role as financial advisor to
VitalCom's board of directors. VitalCom also agreed to indemnify Pinnacle
Partners and its affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees, legal
counsel, agents and controlling persons for certain losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, costs, expenses and
disbursements related to or arising out of rendering services under its
engagement.

   VitalCom's board of directors retained Pinnacle Partners to serve as its
financial advisor based on Pinnacle Partners' qualifications, reputation,
experience and expertise in investment banking and mergers and acquisitions.
Pinnacle Partners is a private investment bank and is continually engaged in
valuing businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, private placements, leveraged buyouts, and valuations for real
estate, corporate and other purposes.

Interests of VitalCom's officers and directors in the merger

   In considering the approval of the VitalCom board of directors and its
recommendation with respect to adoption of the merger agreement, VitalCom
stockholders should be aware that some members of VitalCom management and the
VitalCom board of directors have interests in the merger that are different
from, or are in addition to, the interests of VitalCom stockholders generally
in connection with adoption of the merger agreement. In addition, both Frank T.
Sample and Elizabeth H. Weatherman, who are both currently members of the
VitalCom board of directors, will be appointed to the Data Critical board of
directors after completion of the merger. The VitalCom board of directors was
aware of these potential interests prior to approving the merger and
recommending adoption of the merger agreement and considered them in its
deliberations.

 Employment agreements

   On March 12, 2001, Data Critical entered into an employment agreement with
Frank T. Sample, president and chief executive officer of VitalCom. Pursuant to
the employment agreement, upon the effective date of the merger, Mr. Sample
will become group president of VitalCom and vice chairman of the board of Data
Critical and will no longer serve as the president and chief executive officer
of VitalCom. The term of the employment agreement will begin on the effective
date of the merger and will end on the earlier of Mr. Sample's

termination of employment or December 31, 2001. Data Critical and Mr. Sample
each have the right to terminate  the employment agreement upon written notice.
Under the employment agreement, Data Critical will pay Mr. Sample an annual
base salary of $250,000 and grant him options to purchase 210,000 shares of
Data Critical common stock on the effective date of the merger. These options
will become fully vested and exercisable five years after the date of grant,
except that vesting for some or all of the options may be accelerated if the
VitalCom unit of Data Critical meets certain target direct sales revenues. If
Data Critical terminates Mr. Sample's employment without cause (as defined in
the employment agreement), Data Critical will pay him a severance payment of
$250,000 in equal installments over a one-year period following his
termination, and all options granted to Mr. Sample prior to the date of his
termination (other than any unvested portion of the 210,000 options initially
granted to him by Data Critical) will become fully vested and immediately
exercisable upon his termination. In addition, Mr. Sample will receive full
health and insurance benefits, at Data Critical's expense, for one year after
his termination.

   Data Critical also entered into a letter agreement with Stephen E. Hannah,
vice president of research and development and product management of VitalCom.
Pursuant to the letter agreement, upon the effective date of the merger, Mr.
Hannah will serve as the vice president of engineering of Data Critical, and
will no longer serve as vice president of research and development and product
management at VitalCom. The term of the letter agreement will begin upon the
effective date of the merger and end on the earlier of Mr. Hannah's termination
of employment or March 12, 2002. Data Critical and Mr. Hannah each have the
right to terminate Mr. Hannah's employment at any time, except that Data
Critical has agreed that it will not terminate Mr. Hannah's employment for any
reason other than cause (as defined in the letter agreement) at any time prior
to January 1, 2002. Under the letter agreement, Data Critical will pay Mr.
Hannah an annual base salary of $180,000 and grant him options to purchase
20,000 shares of Data Critical common stock. These options will vest over a
period of four years from the date of grant. Vesting of these options will
accelerate upon a change of control of Data Critical. If Data Critical
terminates Mr. Hannah's employment without cause at any time before March 12,
2002, Data Critical will pay him a severance payment of $90,000 in equal
installments over a period of six months following his termination.

 Proposed payment to VitalCom chief executive officer

   Frank T. Sample, VitalCom's president and chief executive officer, entered
into a letter agreement with Warburg, Pincus Ventures L.P., Vertical Fund
Associates L.P., Vertical Life Sciences, L.P., and ABS Capital Partners L.P.,
major stockholders of VitalCom common stock. The letter agreement was entered
into as an inducement to Mr. Sample to accept employment with Data Critical on
terms different than those in his current employment agreement with VitalCom.
Under the letter agreement, the stockholders will pay $125,000 to Mr. Sample at
the closing of the merger. They will not make this payment, however, if on the
closing date Mr. Sample has revoked, rescinded or breached his agreement with
Data Critical.

 VitalCom stock options

   As of the close of business on March 12, 2001, VitalCom's directors and
executive officers held stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1,165,234
shares of VitalCom common stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.60 to $4.00
per share. Under the terms of the merger agreement, all VitalCom options,
including those held by directors and executive officers, outstanding
immediately prior to the merger will be assumed by Data Critical and will be
converted into options to purchase shares of Data Critical common stock
(subject to adjustment of the number of shares and exercise price of these
options by the exchange ratio).

 Data Critical stock options

   Under the terms of the Data Critical 1999 Directors' Stock Option Plan,
Elizabeth H. Weatherman, as Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P.'s designee to Data
Critical's board of directors, will be granted an option to purchase 15,000
shares of Data Critical common stock upon joining the Data Critical board of
directors at the completion of the merger and to grant Ms. Weatherman
additional options to purchase 5,000 shares of Data Critical common stock at
each Data Critical annual meeting of stockholders after the 2001 annual
meeting,

provided that she has served continuously on the Data Critical Board of
directors for six months prior to each such annual meeting.

 Indemnification and insurance

   In the merger agreement Data Critical agreed that, after the closing of the
merger, it will:

  . fulfill in all respects the obligations of VitalCom under its current
    indemnification agreements with its directors and officers, as well as
    any indemnification provisions in VitalCom's certificate of incorporation
    or bylaws as in effect on the date of the merger agreement;

  . indemnify the directors and officers of VitalCom against losses, damages
    or liabilities incurred in connection with any claim that relates to the
    merger or any transactions related to the merger; and

  . maintain, for six years after the consummation of the merger, policies of
    directors' and officers' liability insurance comparable to those
    currently maintained by VitalCom, except that Data Critical is only
    obligated under the merger agreement to provide that level of insurance
    it can obtain for a premium of not more than 150% of the current premium
    paid by VitalCom.

Material U.S. federal income tax consequences

   No gain or loss will be recognized by Data Critical or its stockholders as a
result of the merger. The following are the U.S. federal income tax
consequences to VitalCom and its stockholders as a result of the merger. The
following summary assumes that a stockholder holds his, her or its shares of
VitalCom common stock as a capital asset. The following discussion is based on
and subject to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and
its legislative history, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative
rulings and court decisions currently in effect. All of these are subject to
change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion is also
subject to other assumptions, limitations, representations and covenants,
including those contained in the tax representation letters addressed to
Higham, McConnell & Dunning LLP, counsel to VitalCom, and Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe LLP, counsel to Data Critical. This discussion does not address all
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to each of
VitalCom's stockholders in light of their particular circumstances,
particularly if they are subject to special rules, such as rules relating to:

  . stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United States;

  . stockholders that are financial institutions;

  . stockholders that are tax-exempt organizations;

  . stockholders that are insurance companies;

  . stockholders that are dealers in securities;

  . stockholders in whose hands the VitalCom common stock qualifies as
    qualified small business stock as described in section 1202 of the Code;

  . stockholders who are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of
    the Code;

  . stockholders who acquired their shares of VitalCom common stock by
    exercising employee stock options or rights or otherwise as compensation;
    and

  . stockholders who hold their shares of VitalCom common stock as part of a
    hedging, straddle, constructive sale, conversion or other risk reduction
    transaction.

   On the date that the merger is completed (a) Higham, McConnell & Dunning LLP
will deliver to VitalCom and (b) Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP will
deliver to Data Critical its opinion (subject to the qualifications discussed
below) that the merger will constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of
section

368(a) of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Provided that the
merger qualifies as a reorganization, the following federal income tax
consequences will result:

  . No gain or loss will be recognized by VitalCom as a result of the merger;

  . No gain or loss will be recognized by VitalCom's stockholders when they
    exchange their VitalCom common stock solely for Data Critical common
    stock in the merger, except that gain or loss may be recognized with
    respect to cash received instead of a fractional share interest in Data
    Critical common stock;

  . The aggregate tax basis of the Data Critical common stock a VitalCom
    stockholder receives in the merger will be the same as their aggregate
    tax basis in the VitalCom common stock surrendered in the merger, except
    that the aggregate tax basis in Data Critical common stock will be
    reduced by the tax basis allocable to any fractional share interest in
    Data Critical common stock received in cash;

  . A VitalCom stockholder will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal
    income tax purposes with respect to the cash received instead of a
    fractional share interest in Data Critical common stock, measured by the
    difference between the amount of cash received and the portion of the tax
    basis of the shares of VitalCom common stock that is allocable to the
    fractional share interest in Data Critical common stock. This gain or
    loss will be capital gain or loss;

  . The tax holding period of the Data Critical common stock a VitalCom
    stockholder receives in the merger will include the period during which
    the VitalCom common stock was held before the merger; and

  . If any VitalCom stockholder successfully exercises their appraisal rights
    with respect to all of their shares of VitalCom common stock, they will
    recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes in respect of the
    cash payments they receive, provided the payment is neither essentially
    equivalent to a dividend within the meaning of section 302 of the Code
    nor has the effect of a distribution of a dividend within the meaning of
    section 356(a)(2) of the Code. The gain or loss will be measured by the
    difference between the amount of cash received and the tax basis in the
    shares of VitalCom common stock. The gain or loss will be capital gain or
    loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss for those shares of
    VitalCom common stock that have been held for more than one year at the
    time the merger is completed.

   The parties' obligations to complete the merger are conditioned on receipt
of a tax opinion (1) by Data Critical from Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP
and (2) by VitalCom from Higham, McConnell & Dunning LLP, regarding the U.S.
federal income tax treatment of the merger. The tax opinions are subject to
certain assumptions and qualifications and are based on the truth and accuracy
of certain representations made by Data Critical and VitalCom, including
representations in the certificates delivered to counsel by the management of
Data Critical and VitalCom. The tax opinions are not binding on the Internal
Revenue Service, or IRS, or the courts. Data Critical and VitalCom do not
intend to request a ruling from the IRS with respect to the merger.
Accordingly, neither Data Critical nor VitalCom can assure you that the IRS
will not challenge the conclusions set forth in the tax opinions or that a
court will not sustain such a challenge. Neither Data Critical nor VitalCom
currently intends to waive the closing condition of receipt of a tax opinion.

   A successful IRS challenge to the status of the merger as a reorganization
would result in VitalCom stockholders recognizing gain or loss with respect to
each share of VitalCom common stock surrendered in the merger. This gain or
loss would equal the difference between (i) the fair market value, as of the
time of the merger, of the shares of Data Critical common stock received by a
VitalCom stockholder in exchange for their VitalCom shares, including any cash
received in lieu of a fractional share of Data Critical common stock; and (ii)
the stockholder's tax basis in that share. In this event, a VitalCom
stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the shares of Data Critical common stock
received in the exchange would equal the fair market value of the Data Critical
stock received, and the stockholder's holding period for those shares would
begin the day after the closing date of the merger.

   A VitalCom stockholder that receives cash instead of a fractional share
interest in Data Critical common stock may be subject to backup withholding at
a rate of 31% on the cash payments. Backup withholding will not apply, however,
if the stockholder is (1) an exempt recipient (such as a corporation or
financial institution) or is otherwise exempt from backup withholding, (2)
furnishes its taxpayer identification number and certifies that it is not
subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form W-9 included in the
transmittal letter, or (3) provides a certificate of foreign status on Form W-
8.

   This discussion is not intended to be a complete analysis or description of
all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences or any other consequences of
the merger. Except as described herein, this summary does not address
transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to or concurrently with the
merger, whether or not such transactions are in connection with the merger. In
addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences that may vary with,
or are contingent on, a stockholder's individual circumstances. These
circumstances include, for example, the fact that the stockholder holds
options, warrants and/or other convertible securities issued by VitalCom which
are assumed, exercised or converted in connection with the merger. Moreover,
this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or
local tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, you are strongly urged to
consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular U.S. federal, state,
local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you of the merger.

Accounting treatment

   Data Critical intends to account for the merger under the purchase method of
accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under
this method of accounting, Data Critical will allocate the purchase price among
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at
the completion of the merger. Data Critical's results of operations will not
include the results of VitalCom prior to the completion of the merger. Any
excess of cost over the fair value of the net tangible assets of VitalCom
acquired will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets and will be
amortized by charges to operations under generally accepted accounting
principles. These allocations will be made based upon valuations and other
studies that have not yet been finalized.

Regulatory filings and approvals required to complete the merger

   Neither Data Critical nor VitalCom is aware of any material governmental or
regulatory approval required for completion of the merger, other than the
effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part and filing the certificate of merger in
accordance with applicable corporate law of Delaware.

   It is a condition to the closing of the merger that the shares of Data
Critical common stock to be issued in the merger shall have been approved for
listing on the Nasdaq National Market, subject only to official notice of
issuance. If the merger is completed, VitalCom common stock will be delisted
from the Nasdaq Smallcap Market and will be deregistered under the Exchange
Act.

Resale restrictions

   All shares of Data Critical common stock received by VitalCom stockholders
in the merger will be unrestricted and freely transferable, other than shares
of Data Critical common stock received by persons who are deemed to be
affiliates (as that term is defined under the Securities Act) of VitalCom or
Data Critical. Those stockholders will only be able to resell their shares in
accordance with the resale, volume and other provisions of Rule 145 promulgated
under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.
Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of VitalCom or Data Critical
generally include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or
are under common control with, VitalCom or Data Critical and may include
certain officers and directors of VitalCom or Data Critical as well as its
principal stockholders.

Voting agreements

   Certain officers and directors of VitalCom, together with certain entities
affiliated with VitalCom directors, have signed voting agreements in their
capacity as VitalCom stockholders covering a total of approximately 61% of the
outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock. Pursuant to those voting
agreements, these VitalCom stockholders agreed to:

  . vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement;

  . vote against any other proposal for the sale, merger, consolidation or
    sale of all or substantially all of the assets of VitalCom; and

  . grant an irrevocable proxy in favor of representatives of Data Critical
    to vote their VitalCom shares in favor of adoption of the merger
    agreement.

   The voting agreements effectively ensure that the required approval by
VitalCom stockholders will be obtained, regardless of whether or how other
VitalCom stockholders vote their shares. This is true even if the VitalCom
board of directors withdraws or modifies its unanimous recommendation that
VitalCom stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

   Additionally, in most cases, the voting agreements substantially restrict
these VitalCom stockholders' ability to dispose of their shares of Data
Critical common stock for a period of 90 days following the effective time of
the merger. In the case of those VitalCom stockholders who are also VitalCom
employees, this restriction will generally end earlier than 90 days if they do
not continue to be employed by Data Critical after the merger.

   In Data Critical's voting agreement with Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P.,
Data Critical has agreed to ensure that, at the effective time of the merger,
one person designated by Warburg, Pincus shall be elected or otherwise
appointed to the Data Critical board of directors. Data Critical has also
agreed that from and after the effective time of the merger, and for so long as
Warburg, Pincus beneficially owns 10% or more of Data Critical's voting
securities, Data Critical will nominate and solicit proxies for the re-election
of the Warburg, Pincus director to the Data Critical board. If Warburg, Pincus'
percentage ownership of Data Critical's voting securities falls below 10%, then
the Warburg, Pincus director will immediately resign from the Data Critical
board. Warburg, Pincus has agreed that if its director resigns from Data
Critical's board within six months after the effective time of the merger and,
at the time of such resignation, Warburg, Pincus beneficially owns less than 5%
of Data Critical's voting securities, then Warburg, Pincus will not dispose of
its shares of Data Critical common stock for a period of 180 days after such
resignation.

                              TERMS OF THE MERGER

   The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the merger
agreement. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Appendix A to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. You
are urged to read the merger agreement carefully. Although Data Critical and
VitalCom believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger
agreement, this summary may not contain all the information that is important
to you. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the merger agreement.

The merger

   Pursuant to the merger agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions of
the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger:

  .  Viper Acquisition Corp., or Viper, a wholly owned subsidiary of Data
     Critical, will merge with and into VitalCom;

  .  Viper will cease to exist as a corporation;

  .  VitalCom will remain as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned
     subsidiary of Data Critical; and

  .  all property, rights, debts and liabilities of VitalCom will remain the
     property, rights, debts and liabilities of VitalCom.

Effective time of the merger

   The closing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will
take place no later than the third business day after the date on which all of
the conditions to the merger are satisfied or waived, or at such other date as
Data Critical and VitalCom agree.

   On the closing date, a certificate of merger will be filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of
Delaware law. The time at which the certificate of merger is filed in Delaware
is referred to as the effective time.

Conversion of securities

   As a result of the merger, each share of VitalCom common stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, except for
shares held by dissenting stockholders who have properly exercised their
appraisal rights and shares held directly or indirectly by VitalCom and Data
Critical, will be automatically converted into 0.62 shares of Data Critical
common stock. Based on the capitalization of VitalCom on March 12, 2001,
approximately 5,125,180 shares of Data Critical common stock will be issued.

   Each holder of a certificate representing shares of VitalCom common stock
will, upon completion of the merger, cease to have any rights with respect to
such VitalCom common stock, except the right to receive, without interest,
shares of Data Critical common stock and cash for fractional shares. If, prior
to the effective time, Data Critical splits or combines the shares of its
common stock, or pays a stock dividend or other stock distribution in, or in
exchange of shares of, its common stock, or engages in any similar transaction,
then the exchange ratio will be appropriately adjusted.

Employee plan and benefit arrangements

   Data Critical has agreed that all employees of VitalCom who continue
employment with Data Critical after the effective time will be eligible to
participate in Data Critical's health, vacation and other non-equity based
benefit plans.

   Data Critical also has agreed that, to the extent permitted by Data
Critical's non-equity plans or otherwise required by law, VitalCom employees
who continue employment with Data Critical after the effective time will
receive credit for all pre-merger service with VitalCom, but only to the extent
that VitalCom credited this service for similar purposes prior to the merger.
In addition, Data Critical will, to the extent permitted under its benefit
plans and applicable law, waive any waiting periods and any pre-existing
condition limitations and waiting periods, and will provide that any expenses
incurred before the merger by those individuals will be taken into account
under those plans for purposes of satisfying applicable deductible or copayment
provisions already satisfied under VitalCom's current policies.

   VitalCom employees who become employees of Data Critical after the effective
time of the merger also will be able to participate in Data Critical's equity-
based benefit plans to the same extent as similarly situated Data Critical
employees.

VitalCom stock options

   At the effective time of the merger, all options to purchase VitalCom common
stock then outstanding under VitalCom's 1996 Stock Option Plan and 1993 Stock
Option Plan will be assumed by Data Critical and will become options to
purchase shares of Data Critical common stock. Each assumed option will be
exercisable for that number of shares of Data Critical common stock that is
equal to the number of shares of VitalCom common stock that were issuable upon
exercise of the option immediately prior to the effective time of the merger,
multiplied by the exchange ratio of 0.62, rounded down to the nearest whole
number of shares of Data Critical common stock. As a result, Data Critical will
be obligated to issue approximately 1,026,934 shares of Data Critical common
stock upon exercise, if and when exercised, of all the VitalCom options that
Data Critical will assume in the merger. The exercise price of the assumed
options shall be equal to the former exercise price per share of such VitalCom
stock option immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, divided by
the exchange ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

   The assumed VitalCom stock options will continue to have the same terms and
conditions as the VitalCom stock options immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger.

   No more than thirty days after the effective time of the merger, Data
Critical will file, if necessary, one or more registration statements on Form
S-8 under the Securities Act, or amendments to its own existing registration
statements on Form S-8, in order to register the shares of Data Critical common
stock issuable upon exercise of the assumed VitalCom stock options.

Exchange of shares

   Promptly after the effective time of the merger, Data Critical's exchange
agent will mail to each holder of record of VitalCom common stock a letter of
transmittal and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
certificates representing shares of VitalCom common stock in exchange for
certificates representing shares of Data Critical common stock and cash in lieu
of fractional shares. Upon surrender of VitalCom stock certificates to the
exchange agent together with a letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder
of a certificate will be entitled to receive a certificate representing the
number of whole shares of Data Critical common stock, and a check representing
the amount of cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any, and any dividends or
distributions with a record date after the effective time of the merger, that
such holder has the right to receive with respect to the certificates exchanged
pursuant to the merger agreement.

  VitalCom stockholders should not send in their certificates until they
receive a letter of transmittal from the exchange agent instructing them to do
so.

   No fractional shares of Data Critical common stock will be issued pursuant
to the merger. In lieu of fractional shares, cash will be paid in an amount,
rounded to the nearest whole cent, equal to the product of the fractional share
and the average of the last reported sales price of Data Critical common stock
for the twenty consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately
preceding the effective time of the merger.

   No dividends on shares of Data Critical common stock will be paid to persons
entitled to receive certificates representing shares of Data Critical common
stock until those persons surrender their certificates representing shares of
VitalCom common stock. Upon such surrender, the person in whose name the
certificates representing such shares of Data Critical common stock will be
issued will also receive any dividends that have become payable with respect to
such shares of Data Critical common stock between the effective time of the
merger and the time of surrender. Any person entitled to receive dividends will
not be entitled to receive interest on the dividends.

   If any certificates for shares of Data Critical common stock are to be
issued in a name other than that in which the certificate representing VitalCom
common stock surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, the person
requesting such exchange must pay to the exchange agent any transfer or other
taxes required by reason thereof, or establish that such tax has been paid or
is not applicable.

   At the effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of VitalCom
will be closed and no further transfers of shares of VitalCom common stock will
be made.

   Neither the exchange agent nor any party to the merger agreement is liable
to a holder of shares of VitalCom common stock for any shares of Data Critical
common stock or dividends thereon or the cash payment for fractional interests
delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property,
escheat or similar laws.

   In the event that any certificate representing VitalCom common stock has
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the person claiming such certificate to be
lost, stolen or destroyed must make an affidavit of that fact. If required by
Data Critical in its discretion, such person must also post a bond in such sum
as Data Critical may direct as indemnity, or provide such other form of
indemnity as Data Critical may reasonably direct, against any claim that may be
made against Data Critical with respect to such certificate. Upon delivery of
the affidavit of loss and the provision of indemnity, if any, the exchange
agent will issue in exchange for such certificate the applicable number of
whole shares of Data Critical common stock and cash in lieu of fractional
shares into which the shares of VitalCom common stock represented by such
certificate are converted in the merger, together with any dividends or
distributions that have a record date after the effective time and that such
holder has the right to receive with respect to such certificate.

Representations and warranties

   The merger agreement contains certain representations and warranties by
VitalCom relating to, among other things:

  .  due organization, power and good standing of VitalCom;

  .  VitalCom's qualification to do business;

  .  VitalCom's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  VitalCom's capital structure;

  .  authorization, execution and delivery of the merger agreement by, and
     enforceability of the merger agreement against, VitalCom;

  .  consents and approvals required to be obtained by VitalCom in order to
     complete the merger;

  .  the absence of breaches or violations of VitalCom's certificate of
     incorporation, bylaws, agreements and instruments, and applicable law;

  .  VitalCom's filings with the SEC;

  .  VitalCom's financial statements;

  .  absence of undisclosed liabilities of VitalCom;

  .  changes in VitalCom's business since September 30, 2000;

  .  litigation involving VitalCom;

  .  permits required to conduct VitalCom's business;

  .  VitalCom's compliance with regulatory matters;

  .  VitalCom's title to real and personal property;

  .  VitalCom's intellectual property rights;

  .  environmental laws that apply to VitalCom and VitalCom's compliance with
     such laws;

  .  VitalCom's taxes;

  .  VitalCom's employee benefit plans;

  .  VitalCom's compliance with employment laws;

  .  matters relating to VitalCom's employees;

  .  VitalCom's material contracts;

  .  indebtedness of VitalCom to its directors, officers and employers and
     such individuals' indebtedness to VitalCom;

  .  VitalCom's insurance policies;

  .  VitalCom's compliance with applicable laws;

  .  VitalCom's corporate minute books;

  .  payments to be made by VitalCom for brokers' and finders' fees in
     connection with the merger;

  .  accuracy of information supplied by VitalCom in this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus and the related registration statement filed by
     Data Critical;

  .  approval of the merger by the VitalCom board of directors;

  .  the fairness opinion received by VitalCom from Pinnacle Partners, Inc.;

  .  the inapplicability of anti-takeover restrictions to the merger;

  .  VitalCom's sales pipeline; and

  .  the complete and true nature of VitalCom's representations and
     warranties.

   The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties by Data
Critical relating to, among other things:

  .  due organization, power and good standing of Data Critical;

  .  Data Critical's qualification to do business;

  .  Data Critical's and Viper's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  Data Critical's capital structure;

  .  authorization, execution and delivery of, and enforceability of the
     merger agreement against Data Critical and Viper;

  .  consents and approvals required to be obtained by Data Critical to
     complete the merger;

  .  the absence of breaches or violations of Data Critical's or Viper's
     certificate of incorporation, bylaws, agreements and instruments, and
     law;

  .  the fact that Viper is wholly and directly owned by Data Critical;

  .  the fact that Viper was formed solely for the purpose of entering into
     the merger and has not conducted any operations;

  .  Data Critical's filings with the SEC;

  .  Data Critical's financial statements;

  .  absence of undisclosed liabilities of Data Critical;

  .  changes in Data Critical's business since September 30, 2000;

  .  litigation involving Data Critical;

  .  permits required to conduct Data Critical's business;

  .  Data Critical's compliance with regulatory matters;

  .  Data Critical's title to real and personal property;

  .  Data Critical's intellectual property rights;

  .  environmental laws that apply to Data Critical and Data Critical's
     compliance with such laws;

  .  Data Critical's taxes;

  .  Data Critical's employee benefit plans;

  .  matters relating to Data Critical's employees;

  .  Data Critical's compliance with employment laws;

  .  Data Critical's material contracts;

  .  indebtedness of Data Critical to its directors, officers and employers
     and such individuals' indebtedness to Data Critical;

  .  Data Critical's insurance policies;

  .  Data Critical's compliance with applicable laws;

  .  Data Critical's corporate minute books;

  .  payments to be made by Data Critical for brokers' and finders' fees in
     connection with the merger;

  .  accuracy of information supplied by Data Critical in this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus and the related registration statement filed by
     Data Critical;

  .  approval of the merger by Data Critical's board of directors;

  .  the fairness opinion received by Data Critical from U.S. Bancorp Piper
     Jaffray;

  .  valid issuance of Data Critical common stock in the merger; and

  .  the complete and true nature of Data Critical's representations and
     warranties.

   The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read the sections of the
merger agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Target" and
"Representations and Warranties of Acquiror."

Conduct of VitalCom's business prior to completion of the merger

   VitalCom has agreed to maintain its business and restrict its activities
during the period between signing the merger agreement and the effective time
of the merger. During that period, VitalCom has agreed that,

except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement or consented to in writing
by Data Critical in its sole discretion, VitalCom will carry on its business in
the usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as
VitalCom did before the merger agreement was executed. Additionally, among
other things, VitalCom has agreed to:

  .  conduct its business in compliance with all applicable laws and
     regulations;

  .  use its best efforts, consistent with its past practices and policies,
     to:

    .  preserve intact its present business organization,

    .  keep available the services of its present officers and employees,
       and

    .  preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors,
       licensors, licensees, and others with whom it has business dealings;
       and

  .  promptly notify Data Critical of any event involving VitalCom's business
     or operations that VitalCom reasonably believes could have a material
     adverse effect on VitalCom, either prior to or after the effective time
     of the merger.

   In addition, VitalCom has also agreed that, except as otherwise permitted
under the terms of the merger agreement or consented to in writing by Data
Critical in its sole discretion, VitalCom will conduct its business in
compliance with certain specific restrictions relating to the following:

  .  changes to the terms of outstanding options to purchase shares of
     VitalCom common stock;

  .  the grant of any severance or termination pay;

  .  VitalCom's intellectual property;

  .  the issuance of dividends or other distributions;

  .  the issuance, repurchase or redemption of securities;

  .  modification of VitalCom's certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  the acquisition of assets or equity interests in other entities and the
     acquisition of other entities themselves;

  .  the sale or disposition of VitalCom's assets;

  .  the incurrence of indebtedness;

  .  employees and employee benefits;

  .  payments outside of the ordinary course of business;

  .  entrance into, modification or termination of material contracts;

  .  accounting policies and procedures;

  .  actions adversely impacting the merger;

  .  SEC filings;

  .  capital expenditures;

  .  entering into new agreements; and

  .  taxes.

   Before the effective time of the merger, however, VitalCom may continue
negotiations and enter into commercial agreements with specified customers with
Data Critical's consent. Data Critical may not

unreasonably withhold its consent if the negotiations or agreements are not
manifestly adverse to Data Critical or do not adversely impact Data Critical's
commercial relationships. VitalCom may also negotiate and enter into a credit
facility with Silicon Valley Bank. VitalCom has agreed to keep Data Critical
actively and consistently apprised of all such negotiations and agreements.

   The agreements related to the conduct of VitalCom's business prior to the
effective time of the merger are complicated and not easily summarized. You are
urged to carefully read the section of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct
of Business of Target."

Conduct of Data Critical's business prior to completion of the merger

   Data Critical has agreed to maintain its business and restrict its
activities during the period between signing the merger agreement and the
effective time of the merger. During that period, Data Critical has agreed
that, except as provided in the merger agreement or consented to in writing by
VitalCom, Data Critical will carry on its business in the usual, regular and
ordinary course in substantially the same manner as Data Critical did before
the merger agreement was executed. Additionally, Data Critical has agreed:

  .  not to acquire or enter into agreements to acquire other entities or
     lines of business, if the aggregate consideration for the acquisition
     exceeds 10% of Data Critical's market capitalization at the time of such
     acquisition;

  .  not to declare or pay any dividends or split or reclassify its capital
     stock;

  .  not to issue, sell or encumber any securities or options to acquire
     securities, other than pursuant to existing contracts or in connection
     with the exercise of existing stock options;

  .  to use its best efforts, consistent with its past practices and
     policies, to:

    .  preserve intact its present business organization; and

    .  preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors,
       licensors, licensees, and others with whom it has business dealings;
       and

  .  to promptly notify VitalCom of any event involving Data Critical's
     business or operations that Data Critical reasonably believes could have
     a material adverse effect on Data Critical.

   The agreements related to the conduct of Data Critical's business prior to
the effective time of the merger are complicated and not easily summarized. You
are urged to carefully read the section of the merger agreement entitled
"Conduct of Business of Acquiror."

Covenants

   Data Critical and VitalCom also agreed that prior to the effective time of
the merger they will, among other things:

  .  use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the merger;

  .  notify the other if any representation or warranty becomes untrue or
     inaccurate in any material respect;

  .  use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain required consents to, and
     regulatory approvals of, the merger;

  .  use commercially reasonable efforts to make all filings under applicable
     federal, state and foreign laws, including securities laws;

  .  provide each other reasonable access to certain information;

  .  take all actions necessary to comply promptly with all legal
     requirements that may be imposed on each of them with respect to the
     merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
     subject to the appropriate vote or consent of stockholders;

  .  consult with each other before issuing any press release or making any
     public disclosure regarding the merger;

  .  prepare and file this joint proxy statement/prospectus as promptly as
     practicable after the execution of the merger agreement; and

  .  use their commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration
     statement filed by Data Critical declared effective under the Securities
     Act as promptly as practicable after such filing.

   VitalCom has agreed that, prior to the effectiveness of the merger, it will,
among other things:

  .  use its reasonable best efforts to deliver to Data Critical, as promptly
     as practicable after March 12, 2001, executed agreements from certain
     affiliates of VitalCom acknowledging resale restrictions;

  .  take all action necessary to convene the VitalCom special meeting as
     promptly as practicable after the registration statement is declared
     effective by the SEC;

  .  use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders
     proxies in favor of adoption of the merger agreement; and

  .  terminate its 401(k) plan and its employee stock purchase plan.

   Data Critical has agreed that prior to the effectiveness of the merger, it
will, among other things:

  .  take all action necessary to convene the Data Critical special meeting
     as promptly as practicable after the registration statement is declared
     effective by the SEC;

  .  use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders
     proxies in favor of approval of the issuance of Data Critical common
     stock in the merger;

  .  file with Nasdaq a listing notice covering the shares of Data Critical
     common stock to be issued in connection with the merger; and

  .  allocate and reserve severance and/or retention bonuses in a total
     amount not less than $250,000.

   The additional agreements and covenants made by the parties are complicated
and not easily summarized. You are urged to carefully read the section of the
merger agreement entitled "Additional Agreements."

No other negotiations involving VitalCom

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, VitalCom agreed that it will not,
and it will not permit any of its officers, directors, employees or agents to,
directly or indirectly:

  .  solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or induce any VitalCom
     Acquisition Proposal (as defined below);

  .  participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any VitalCom
     Acquisition Proposal;

  .  furnish to any person any nonpublic information with respect to any
     VitalCom Acquisition Proposal;

  .  take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
     proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to any
     VitalCom Acquisition Proposal;

  .  approve, endorse or recommend any VitalCom Acquisition Proposal; or

  .  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
     agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any
     VitalCom Acquisition Transaction (as defined below).

   However, before the merger agreement has been adopted by the VitalCom
stockholders, VitalCom may furnish nonpublic information regarding VitalCom to,
and may enter into a confidentiality agreement or enter into discussions or
negotiations with, any person in response to a VitalCom Superior Offer (as
defined below) if:

  .  neither VitalCom nor any VitalCom representative has violated any of the
     restrictions set forth above with respect to the solicitation of a
     VitalCom Acquisition Proposal in a manner that resulted in the making,
     submission or announcement of the VitalCom Superior Offer;

  .  prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to any person or
     group who makes a VitalCom Superior Offer, VitalCom gives Data Critical
     written notice of the identity of such person or group and of VitalCom's
     intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions
     with, such person or group; and

  .  contemporaneously with furnishing any such nonpublic information to the
     same person or group, VitalCom furnishes the same nonpublic information
     to Data Critical (to the extent it has not been previously furnished by
     VitalCom to Data Critical).

   VitalCom also agreed to:

  .  advise Data Critical, as promptly as practicable, orally and in writing
     of:

    .  any request for nonpublic information which VitalCom reasonably
       believes would lead to a VitalCom Acquisition Proposal; or

    .  any VitalCom Acquisition Proposal; or

    .  any inquiry with respect to or which VitalCom reasonably should
       believe would lead to any VitalCom Acquisition Proposal; and

  .  provide Data Critical with at least the same notice as provided to the
     VitalCom board of directors of any meeting of the VitalCom board of
     directors at which the VitalCom board of directors is reasonably
     expected to:

    .  consider a VitalCom Acquisition Proposal or a VitalCom Superior
       Offer; or

    .  approve, endorse or recommend a VitalCom Superior Offer to the
       stockholders of VitalCom.

   VitalCom may enter into negotiations, and may enter into an acquisition
agreement, letter of intent or agreement in principle, for a VitalCom Superior
Offer if:

  .  VitalCom's board of directors concludes in good faith, after
     consultation with its outside legal counsel, that such action is
     required in order for VitalCom's board of directors to comply with its
     fiduciary obligations to VitalCom's stockholders under applicable law;

  .  prior to entering into such negotiations, acquisition agreement, letter
     of intent or agreement in principle, VitalCom has immediately notified
     Data Critical of receipt of any VitalCom Acquisition Proposal and of
     VitalCom's interest in such proposal;

  .  at least five days before accepting a VitalCom Superior Offer, VitalCom
     delivers to Data Critical written notice that the VitalCom board of
     directors is prepared to accept the VitalCom Superior Offer;

  .  if Data Critical chooses, VitalCom negotiates in good faith with Data
     Critical for five days in an attempt to modify the Data Critical-
     VitalCom merger agreement so as to enable Data Critical to proceed with
     the merger; and

  .  the acquisition agreement, letter of intent or agreement in principle is
     subject to the terms of the Data Critical-VitalCom merger agreement and
     does not contain any termination, breakup or other punitive fee payable
     by VitalCom under any circumstances.

   If VitalCom enters into an acquisition agreement for a VitalCom Superior
Offer after complying with the above restrictions and conditions, then the
VitalCom board of directors may withdraw its unanimous recommendation that the
VitalCom stockholder vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.
However, even if this happens, VitalCom must comply with the terms of the
merger agreement, including calling and conducting the VitalCom special
meeting.

   A "VitalCom Acquisition Proposal" is any offer or proposal providing for any
VitalCom Acquisition Transaction, other than an offer or proposal by Data
Critical.

   A "VitalCom Acquisition Transaction" is any transaction or series of related
transactions, other than the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement,
involving any of the following:

  .  any acquisition or purchase of more than a 20% interest in the total
     outstanding voting securities of VitalCom;

  .  any tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in
     any person or group beneficially owning 20% or more of the total
     outstanding voting securities of VitalCom;

  .  any merger or similar transaction pursuant to which the stockholders of
     VitalCom immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 80% of
     the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity;

  .  any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange,
     transfer or license, acquisition or disposition of more than 50% of the
     fair market value of the assets of VitalCom; or

  .  any liquidation or dissolution of VitalCom.

   A "VitalCom Superior Offer" is any:

  .  tender or exchange offer;

  .  proposal for a merger, consolidation, amalgamation arrangement or other
     business combination or a recapitalization of, VitalCom or any of its
     subsidiaries; or

  .  proposal or offer to acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest
     in, or a substantial portion of the assets of, VitalCom or any of its
     subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement;

that the VitalCom board of directors determines in good faith to be more
favorable to its stockholders than the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and for which financing is committed or for which, in the good faith
judgment of the VitalCom board of directors, financing is reasonably capable of
being obtained by the party making the proposal or offer.

No other negotiations involving Data Critical

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, Data Critical agreed that it will
not, and it will not permit any of its officers, directors, employees or agents
to, directly or indirectly:

  .  solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or induce any Data Critical
     Acquisition Proposal (as defined below);

  .  participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Data
     Critical Acquisition Proposal;

  .  furnish to any person any nonpublic information with respect to any Data
     Critical Acquisition Proposal;

  .  take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
     proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to any
     Data Critical Acquisition Proposal;

  .  approve, endorse or recommend any Data Critical Acquisition Proposal; or

  .  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
     agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any Data
     Critical Acquisition Transaction (as defined below).

   However, before approval of the issuance of Data Critical common stock in
the merger by the Data Critical stockholders, Data Critical may furnish
nonpublic information regarding Data Critical to, and may enter into a
confidentiality agreement or enter into discussions or negotiations with, any
person in response to a Data Critical Superior Offer (as defined below) if:

  .  neither Data Critical nor any Data Critical representative shall have
     violated any of the restrictions set forth above with respect to the
     negotiation and solicitation of a Data Critical Acquisition Proposal;

  .  prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to any person or
     group who makes a Data Critical Superior Offer, Data Critical gives
     VitalCom written notice of the identity of such person or group and of
     Data Critical's intention to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter
     into discussions with, such person or group; and

  .  contemporaneously with furnishing any such nonpublic information to the
     same person or group, Data Critical furnishes the same nonpublic
     information to VitalCom (to the extent it has not been previously
     furnished by Data Critical to VitalCom).

   Data Critical also agreed to:

  .  advise, as promptly as practicable, VitalCom orally and in writing of:

    .  any request for nonpublic information which Data Critical reasonably
       believes would lead to a Data Critical Acquisition Proposal; or

    .  any Data Critical Acquisition Proposal; or

    .  any inquiry with respect to, or which Data Critical reasonably
       should believe would lead to, any Data Critical Acquisition
       Proposal; and

  .  provide VitalCom with at least the same notice as provided to the Data
     Critical board of directors of any meeting of the Data Critical board of
     directors at which the Data Critical board of directors is reasonably
     expected to:

    .  consider a Data Critical Acquisition Proposal or a Data Critical
       Superior Offer; or

    .  approve, endorse or recommend a Data Critical Superior Offer to the
       stockholders of Data Critical.

   The Data Critical board of directors may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify
its unanimous recommendation in favor of the issuance of shares of Data
Critical common stock in connection with the merger if:

  .  a Data Critical Superior Offer is made and not withdrawn; and

  .  the Data Critical board of directors concludes in good faith, after
     consultation with its outside legal counsel, that such action is
     required in order for the Data Critical board of directors to comply
     with its fiduciary obligations to Data Critical's stockholders under
     applicable law.

   A "Data Critical Acquisition Proposal" is any offer or proposal relating to
any Data Critical Acquisition Transaction, other than an offer or proposal by
VitalCom.

   A "Data Critical Acquisition Transaction" is any transaction or series of
related transactions, other than with VitalCom, involving any of the following:

  .  any acquisition or purchase of more than a 50% interest in the total
     outstanding voting securities of Data Critical;

  .  any tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in
     any person or group beneficially owning 50% or more of the total
     outstanding voting securities of Data Critical;

  .  any merger or similar transaction pursuant to which the stockholders of
     Data Critical immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 50%
     of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity;

  .  any sale, lease outside the ordinary course of business, exchange,
     transfer, license outside the ordinary course of business, acquisition
     or disposition of more than 50% of the assets of Data Critical; or

  .  any liquidation or dissolution of Data Critical.

   A "Data Critical Superior Offer" is any:

  .  tender or exchange offer;

  .  proposal for a merger, consolidation, amalgamation arrangement or other
     business combination or a recapitalization of, Data Critical or any of
     its subsidiaries; or

  .  proposal or offer to acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest
     in, or a substantial portion of the assets of, Data Critical or any of
     its subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated or permitted
     by the merger agreement,

that the Data Critical board of directors determines in good faith to be more
favorable to its stockholders than the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, and for which financing is committed or for which, in the good faith
judgment of the Data Critical board of directors, financing is reasonably
capable of being obtained by the party making the proposal or offer.
Partnerships, joint ventures, virtual joint ventures and other similar
arrangements entered into by Data Critical in the ordinary course of its
business are not included in the definition of a Data Critical Superior Offer.

Indemnification

   Data Critical agreed that, after completion of the merger:

  .  it will cause VitalCom to fulfill the obligations of VitalCom under the
     indemnification agreements between VitalCom and its directors and
     officers in existence immediately before the merger and any
     indemnification provisions in VitalCom's certificate of incorporation or
     bylaws as in effect on March 12, 2001;

  .  the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of VitalCom will contain
     indemnification provisions at least as favorable as those in the
     certificate of incorporation and bylaws of VitalCom as in effect on
     March 12, 2001, and these provisions will not be amended, repealed or
     otherwise modified for six years after the merger in any manner that
     would adversely affect the rights of individuals who, immediately prior
     to the effectiveness of the merger, were directors, officers, employees
     or agents of VitalCom, unless the modification is required by law;

  .  it will indemnify and hold harmless the directors and officers of
     VitalCom against losses incurred in connection with any claim that
     relates to the merger or any transaction that relates to the merger;

  .  it will cause VitalCom to maintain in effect, if available, directors'
     and officers' liability insurance for those persons who were covered by
     VitalCom's directors' and officers' liability insurance on the date of
     the merger agreement, on terms comparable to those applicable to such
     persons and at premiums not to exceed 150% of those currently paid by
     VitalCom; and

  .  in the event that Data Critical consolidates with, merges into, or
     transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any
     person, it will make proper provision so that the successors and assigns
     of Data Critical assume the obligations with respect to directors' and
     officers' liability insurance set forth above.

Conditions

   The obligations of both Data Critical and VitalCom to complete the merger
are contingent on the occurrence or waiver of the following events:

  .  the required number of VitalCom stockholders vote for adoption of the
     merger agreement;

  .  the required number of Data Critical stockholders vote to approve the
     issuance of Data Critical common stock in connection with the merger;

  .  there is no law or pending or effective injunction or other restraint
     prohibiting the merger or that has the effect of making the merger
     illegal;

  .  no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement
     of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part has been issued
     or threatened in writing by the SEC;

  .  the shares of Data Critical common stock to be issued in the merger and
     upon exercise of the VitalCom stock options assumed by Data Critical are
     approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market;

  .  Data Critical and VitalCom each receives a written opinion from its tax
     counsel that the merger qualifies as a "reorganization" within the
     meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

  .  Data Critical and VitalCom each receives a final fairness opinion from
     its financial advisor, substantially identical in form and substance to
     the draft previously delivered.

   The obligations of VitalCom to effect the merger are subject to the
satisfaction of additional conditions, any of which may be waived by VitalCom,
including, among others, the following:

  .  the representations and warranties of Data Critical and Viper are
     accurate in all respects where such representations and warranties are
     qualified by a reference to materiality or material adverse effect, and
     in all material respects where not so qualified;

  .  Data Critical and Viper comply in all material respects with the
     covenants and obligations of Data Critical and Viper contained in the
     merger agreement;

  .  Data Critical takes the corporate action necessary to elect Frank T.
     Sample and Elizabeth H. Weatherman to the board of directors of Data
     Critical;

  .  Data Critical obtains the consent, approval or waiver of each person
     whose consent it is required to obtain under the merger agreement,
     except for consents that, if not obtained, would not have a material
     adverse effect on Data Critical; and

  .  there has not occurred any material adverse effect on the financial
     condition, business or results of operations of Data Critical and its
     subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the ability of Data Critical and
     Viper to perform their obligations under the merger agreement.

   The obligations of Data Critical and Viper to effect the merger are subject
to the satisfaction of additional conditions, any of which may be waived by
Data Critical, including, among others, the following:

  .  the representations and warranties of VitalCom are accurate in all
     respects where such representations and warranties are qualified by a
     reference to materiality or material adverse effect, and in all material
     respects where not so qualified;

  .  VitalCom complies in all material respects with the covenants and
     obligations of VitalCom as contained in the merger agreement;

  .  Data Critical receives assurances from specific VitalCom customers
     regarding VitalCom's sales pipeline as represented to Data Critical on
     March 12, 2001;

  .  each of Frank T. Sample, Stephen E. Hannah and at least four current
     VitalCom officers identified by Data Critical on March 12, 2001 are
     still serving as officers of VitalCom immediately before the merger
     becomes effective, and neither Mr. Sample nor Mr. Hannah has rescinded
     or breached his employment agreement with Data Critical;

  .  Data Critical has received affiliate agreements from each VitalCom
     affiliate;

  .  VitalCom's existing loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank has been
     terminated or replaced;

  .  VitalCom's employee stock purchase plan has terminated in all respects,
     and no purchase rights exist thereunder;

  .  employees and consultants of VitalCom who were, as of the date of the
     merger agreement, party to employment or other agreements that entitled
     them to benefits or rights triggered by the termination of their
     employment have terminated those agreements;

  .  the shares of VitalCom common stock for which stockholders have properly
     exercised their rights to appraisal do not represent, in the aggregate,
     more than 10% of the total number of shares of VitalCom common stock
     outstanding as of the record date for the VitalCom special meeting;

  .  VitalCom obtains the consent, approval or waiver of each person whose
     consent it is required to obtain under the merger agreement, except for
     consents that, if not obtained, would not have a material adverse effect
     on VitalCom; and

  .  there has not occurred any material adverse effect on the financial
     condition, business or results of operations of VitalCom and its
     subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the ability of VitalCom to perform
     its obligations under the merger agreement.

   The conditions to which the merger is subject are complicated and not easily
summarized. You are urged to carefully read the section in the merger agreement
entitled "Conditions to the Merger."

Termination of the merger agreement

   At any time prior to the effectiveness of the merger, whether before or
after the required approvals of the Data Critical and VitalCom stockholders,
the merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned:

  .  by mutual consent of the boards of directors of each of VitalCom and
     Data Critical;

  .  by either Data Critical or VitalCom, if, without fault of the
     terminating party, the merger has not been consummated on or before July
     31, 2001;

  .  by either Data Critical or VitalCom if any U.S. court or U.S.
     governmental entity has issued a final order, decree, ruling or taken
     any other final action restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
     the merger;

  .  by either Data Critical or VitalCom if either of the required approval
     of the stockholders of Data Critical or VitalCom has not been obtained,
     and such failure to obtain stockholder approval has not been caused by
     the party that wishes to terminate;

  .  by Data Critical, at any time prior to the adoption of the merger
     agreement by the required vote of the stockholders of VitalCom, if:

    .  VitalCom's board of directors has withdrawn or amended or modified,
       in a manner adverse to Data Critical, its unanimous recommendation
       in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement;

    .  VitalCom's board of directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous
       recommendation in favor of the approval of the merger within seven
       calendar days after Data Critical requests in writing that such
       recommendation be reaffirmed at any time following the public
       announcement of a VitalCom Acquisition Proposal;

    .  VitalCom's board of directors has approved or publicly recommended
       any VitalCom Superior Offer;

    .  VitalCom has entered into any letter of intent or similar document
       or any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any VitalCom
       Superior Offer; or

    .  a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of VitalCom has
       been commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with Data
       Critical, and VitalCom has not sent to its securityholders a
       statement disclosing that VitalCom recommends rejection of such
       tender or exchange offer within 10 business days after such tender
       or exchange offer is first published, sent or given;

  .  by VitalCom, at any time prior to the adoption of the merger agreement
     by the required vote of the stockholders of VitalCom, if:

    .  Data Critical's board of directors shall for any reason have
       withdrawn or shall have amended or modified in a manner adverse to
       VitalCom its unanimous recommendation in favor of the issuance of
       shares of Data Critical common stock in the merger;

    .  Data Critical's board of directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous
       recommendation in favor of the issuance of shares of Data Critical
       common stock in the merger within seven calendar days after VitalCom
       requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed at any
       time following the public announcement of a Data Critical Superior
       Offer;

    .  Data Critical's board of directors has approved or publicly
       recommended any Data Critical Superior Offer that does not include
       consummation of the merger;

    .  Data Critical has entered into any letter of intent or similar
       document or any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any Data
       Critical Superior Offer that does not include consummation of the
       merger; or

    .  a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Data Critical
       has been commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with VitalCom
       that does not include consummation of the merger, and Data Critical
       has not sent to its securityholders a statement disclosing that Data
       Critical recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer
       within 10 business days after such tender or exchange offer is first
       published, sent or given;

  .  by Data Critical, at any time prior to the adoption of the merger
     agreement by the required vote of the stockholders of VitalCom, if
     VitalCom has breached its non-solicitation obligations described above
     under the heading "No other negotiations involving VitalCom";

  .  by VitalCom, at any time prior to the required stockholder approval of
     the issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in the merger, if
     Data Critical has breached its non-solicitation obligations described
     above under the heading "No other negotiations involving Data Critical";

  .  by either VitalCom or Data Critical if the other party experiences a
     material adverse effect on its financial condition, business or results
     of operations, or its ability to perform its obligations under the
     merger agreement;

  .  by Data Critical if its board of directors chooses to exercise its right
     to withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its unanimous recommendation in
     favor of the issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in the
     merger after receipt of a Data Critical Superior Offer;

  .  by Data Critical if it has not received sufficient assurances regarding
     VitalCom's sales pipeline as required under the merger agreement;

  .  by VitalCom, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
     agreement on the part of Data Critical set forth in the merger
     agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Data Critical shall
     have become untrue, in either case subject to the ability of Data
     Critical to correct such breach, and only if Data Critical does not have
     a right to terminate the merger agreement as a result of any breach of
     representation, warranty or covenant or agreement on the part of
     VitalCom; or

  .  by Data Critical, upon a breach of any representation, warranty,
     covenant or agreement on the part of VitalCom set forth in the merger
     agreement, or if any representation or warranty of VitalCom shall have
     become untrue, in either case subject to the ability of VitalCom to
     correct such breach, and only if VitalCom does not have a right to
     terminate the merger agreement as a result of any breach of
     representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Data
     Critical.

   The agreements of Data Critical and VitalCom relating to each company's
ability to terminate the merger agreement are complicated and not easily
summarized. You are urged to carefully read the section in the merger agreement
entitled "Termination."

Expenses; Termination fees

   Subject to the following exceptions, whether or not the merger is
consummated, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger,
including, among other things, filing fees and the fees and expenses of
advisors, accountants and legal counsel, shall be paid by the party that
incurred such expense. The parties shall equally bear all fees and expenses,
other than attorneys', accountants' and fairness opinion fees and expenses,
incurred by Data Critical and VitalCom in relation to the printing and filing
of the joint proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement,
including financial statements and exhibits and any amendments or supplements
thereto, and the listing with Nasdaq of the shares of Data Critical common
stock to be issued in the merger.

   VitalCom will be obligated to pay Data Critical a breakup fee of $500,000
and to reimburse Data Critical for the fees and expenses incurred by Data
Critical in connection with the merger if the merger agreement is terminated by
Data Critical because:

  .  VitalCom's board of directors has withdrawn or amended or modified, in a
     manner adverse to Data Critical, its unanimous recommendation in favor
     of the approval of the merger;

  .  VitalCom's board of directors has failed to reaffirm its unanimous
     recommendation in favor of the approval of the merger within seven
     calendar days after Data Critical requests in writing that such
     recommendation be reaffirmed at any time following the public
     announcement of a VitalCom Acquisition Proposal;

  .  VitalCom's board of directors has approved or publicly recommended any
     VitalCom Superior Offer;

  .  VitalCom has entered into any letter of intent or similar document or
     any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any VitalCom Superior
     Offer;

  .  a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of VitalCom has been
     commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with Data Critical, and
     VitalCom has not sent to its securityholders a statement disclosing that
     VitalCom recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer within 10
     business days after such tender or exchange offer is first published,
     sent or given; or

  .  VitalCom breaches its non-solicitation obligations described above under
     the heading "No other negotiations involving VitalCom."

   In addition, VitalCom will be obligated to pay Data Critical a fee of
$1,000,000 (less any breakup fee already paid under the provision described
above) if, within twelve months of Data Critical's termination of the merger
agreement for any of the same reasons giving rise to payment by VitalCom of a
breakup fee, VitalCom enters into a VitalCom Acquisition Transaction with a
party other than Data Critical.

   Data Critical will be obligated to pay VitalCom a fee of $500,000 and to
reimburse VitalCom for the fees and expenses incurred by VitalCom in connection
with the merger if:

  .  the merger agreement is terminated by Data Critical because Data
     Critical has chosen to exercise its right to withhold, withdraw, amend
     or modify its unanimous recommendation in favor of the issuance of
     shares of Data Critical common stock in the merger, after receipt by
     Data Critical of a Data Critical Superior Offer; or

  .  the merger agreement is terminated by VitalCom because:

    .  Data Critical's board of directors has withdrawn or amended or
       modified in a manner adverse to VitalCom its unanimous
       recommendation in favor of the issuance of shares of Data Critical
       common stock in the merger;

    .  Data Critical's board of directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous
       recommendation in favor of the issuance of shares of Data Critical
       common stock in the merger within seven calendar days after

       VitalCom requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed at
       any time following the public announcement of a Data Critical Superior
       Offer;

    .  Data Critical's board of directors has approved or publicly
       recommended any Data Critical Superior Offer that does not include
       consummation of the merger;

    .  Data Critical has entered into any letter of intent or similar
       document or any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any Data
       Critical Superior Offer that does not include consummation of the
       merger;

    .  a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Data Critical
       has been commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with VitalCom
       that does not include consummation of the merger, and Data Critical
       has not sent to its securityholders a statement disclosing that Data
       Critical recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer
       within 10 business days after such tender or exchange offer is first
       published, sent or given; or

    .  Data Critical breaches its non-solicitation obligation(s) described
       above under the heading "No other negotiations involving Data
       Critical."

Amendment; Extension; Waiver

   Subject to applicable law, the merger agreement may be amended in writing by
Data Critical and VitalCom at any time before or after the effective time of
the merger, provided that no amendment may be made after adoption of the merger
agreement by the VitalCom stockholders that reduces the amount or changes the
form of consideration to be delivered to VitalCom stockholders in the merger,
unless further approval of the VitalCom stockholders is obtained for such
amendment. Additionally, at any time prior to the effective time of the merger,
Data Critical and VitalCom may:

  .  extend the other's time for the performance of any of the obligations or
     other acts under the merger agreement;

  .  waive any inaccuracies in the other's representations and warranties
     contained in the merger agreement; and

  .  waive compliance by the other with any of the agreements or conditions
     contained in the merger agreement.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The following unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial information
gives effect to the merger using the purchase method of accounting, after
giving effect to the pro forma adjustments described in the accompanying notes.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial information should be
read in conjunction with the audited historical consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto of Data Critical and Elixis Corporation,
which was acquired by Data Critical on April 3, 2000, and Paceart Associates,
L.P., which was acquired by Data Critical on September 11, 2000 and the audited
historical consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto of
VitalCom. These acquisitions were all accounted for under the purchase method
of accounting.

  .  The audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto
     of Data Critical are included in its annual report on Form 10-K for the
     year ended December 31, 2000 which is attached as Appendix E to this
     joint proxy statement/prospectus.

  .  The audited financial statements and notes thereto of Paceart
     Associates, L.P. are included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

  .  The audited historical consolidated financial statements and related
     notes thereto of VitalCom are included in its annual report on Form 10-K
     for the year ended December 31, 2000 which is attached as Appendix F to
     this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combining balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2000 gives effect to the merger of Data Critical and VitalCom as
if it had occurred on December 31, 2000. The unaudited pro forma condensed
combining statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 is
presented to give effect to the acquisitions of Elixis and Paceart by Data
Critical and to the acquisition of VitalCom by Data Critical as if all of these
transactions had occurred on January 1, 2000.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial statements are not
necessarily indicative of the results of operations or the financial position
which would have occurred had the VitalCom merger and the acquisitions of
Elixis and Paceart been completed at those times, nor are they necessarily
indicative of future results of operations or financial position. Management of
Data Critical and VitalCom believe that additional synergies and operational
improvements not reflected in the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed
combining statements of operations will be realized by the combined enterprise.
These amounts cannot be reasonably quantified and, therefore, are not reflected
in the unaudited pro forma condensed combining statements of operations.

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING BALANCE SHEET
                            As of December 31, 2000
                                 (in thousands)

                                     Data               Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                                   Critical  VitalCom  Adjustments    Combined
                                   --------  --------  -----------    ---------

             ASSETS
             ------

Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents......  $ 19,948  $  3,657   $ (2,433)(a)  $ 21,172
  Restricted cash................       --      2,500        --          2,500
  Accounts receivable, net.......     2,785     3,829        --          6,614
  Inventories, net...............     2,113     1,644        --          3,757
  Prepaid expenses and other.....       742       134        --            876
                                   --------  --------   --------      --------
                                     25,588    11,764     (2,433)       34,919

Note receivable from officer.....       171       --         --            171
Investments in and advances to
 unconsolidated affiliates.......     3,274       --         --          3,274
Property, equipment and software,
 net.............................     2,463     1,709        --          4,172
Goodwill and intangibles, net....    11,487        76      3,069 (a)    14,632
Other assets, net................       687       390        --          1,077
                                   --------  --------   --------      --------
    Total assets.................  $ 43,670  $ 13,939   $    636      $ 58,245
                                   ========  ========   ========      ========

  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
              EQUITY
  -----------------------------
Current Liabilities:
  Accounts payable...............  $  1,413  $  1,610   $    --       $  3,023
  Current portion of notes
   payable and capital leases....       147       --         --            147
  Deferred revenues..............     1,806       --         226 (a)     2,032
  Other current liabilities......     4,356     2,105        --          6,461
                                   --------  --------   --------      --------
                                      7,722     3,715        226        11,663
Notes payable and capital leases,
 net of current portions.........        70       --         --             70
                                   --------  --------   --------      --------
                                      7,792     3,715        226        11,733

Commitments and contingencies:

Stockholders' Equity
  Preferred stock................       --        --
  Common stock...................    77,823    38,161    (38,161)(b)
                                                          10,891 (a)
                                                           1,543 (a)    90,257
  Note receivable for common
   stock sales...................                 (31)        31 (b)       --
  Treasury stock.................    (1,909)     (740)       740 (b)    (1,909)
  Deferred compensation..........    (1,029)      --         --         (1,029)
  Accumulated deficit............   (39,007)  (27,166)    27,166 (b)
                                                          (1,800)(a)   (40,807)
                                   --------  --------   --------      --------
                                     35,878    10,224        410        46,512
                                   --------  --------   --------      --------
    Total liabilities and
     shareholders (deficit)
     equity......................  $ 43,670  $ 13,939   $    636      $ 58,245
                                   ========  ========   ========      ========

                    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      For the Year Ended December 31, 2000
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                              Data Critical             Pro Forma
                              (from page 98) VitalCom  Adjustments   Pro Forma
                              -------------- --------  -----------   ---------

Revenue......................   $  21,214    $17,202        (451)(c) $ 37,965
Cost of revenue..............       8,763      8,513         226 (c)   17,050
                                ---------    -------     -------     --------
                                   12,451      8,689        (677)      20,915

Acquired in-process R&D......       2,800                               2,800
Research and development.....       5,930      7,220        (226)(d)   12,924
Sales and marketing..........       9,403      6,061        (109)(d)   15,355
General and administrative...       8,824      2,227        (161)(d)   10,890
Depreciation and
 amortization................       2,809        --          496 (d)
                                                             684 (e)    3,989
                                ---------    -------     -------     --------
    Loss from operations.....     (17,315)    (6,819)       (909)     (25,043)

Interest income (expense)....       1,689        479         --         2,168
                                ---------    -------     -------     --------
Loss before provision for
 income taxes................     (15,627)    (6,340)       (909)     (22,875)
Provision for income taxes...         --          36         --            36
                                ---------    -------     -------     --------
                                $(15,627)    $(6,376)    $  (909)    $(22,911)
                                =========    =======     =======     ========
Basic and diluted loss per
 share.......................   $   (1.31)   $ (0.79)
                                =========    =======
Pro forma net loss per
 share.......................                                        $  (1.34)
                                                                     ========
Shares used in calculating
 per share data..............      11,912      8,020      (2,895)(f)   17,037
                                =========    =======     =======     ========

                    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      For the Year Ended December 31, 2000
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                          Historical
                         -------------                  Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                         Data Critical Elixis  Paceart Adjustments  (to page 97)
                         ------------- ------  ------- -----------  ------------

Revenue.................   $ 17,834    $  50   $3,330       --        $ 21,214
Cost of revenue.........      7,654       17    1,092       --           8,763
                           --------    -----   ------     -----       --------
                             10,180       33    2,238       --          12,451

Acquired in-process
 R&D....................      2,800                                      2,800
Research and
 development............      5,615      293      159      (137)(g)      5,930
Sales and marketing.....      8,438      242      723       --           9,403
General and
 administrative.........      7,198      317    1,338       (29)(g)      8,824
Depreciation and
 amortization...........      1,805      --       --        166 (g)
                                                            838 (h)      2,809
                           --------    -----   ------     -----       --------
    Loss from
     operations.........    (15,676)    (819)      18      (838)       (17,315)
Interest income
 (expense)..............      1,689       (8)      29       (21)(i)      1,689
                           --------    -----   ------     -----       --------
Loss before provision
 for income taxes.......   $(13,987)   $(827)  $   47     $(859)      $(15,627)
                           ========    =====   ======     =====       ========
Basic and diluted loss
 per share..............   $  (1.20)
                           ========
Pro forma net loss per
 share..................                                              $  (1.31)
                                                                      ========
Shares used in
 calculating per share
 data...................     11,650                         262 (j)     11,912
                           ========                       =====       ========

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
                         COMBINING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   (a) To record the issuance of 0.62 of a share of Data Critical common stock
for each share of VitalCom common stock outstanding in connection with the
merger of Data Critical and VitalCom as if the merger occurred on December 31,
2000. The actual number of shares of Data Critical common stock to be issued
will be determined at the effective date of the merger based on the actual
number of shares of VitalCom common stock outstanding at such date. The
calculation of estimated purchase price and preliminary allocation to the net
assets of VitalCom were determined as follows and are used for illustrative pro
forma purposes only:

   Calculation of Estimated Purchase Price:
   Estimated number of shares to be issued........................    5,125,280
   Share price of Data Critical common stock on the day of the
    merger announcement...........................................  $     2.125
                                                                    -----------
   Fair value of estimated common stock to be issued..............  $10,891,007
   Fair value of VitalCom options to be assumed by Data Critical..    1,542,837
   Assumed liabilities............................................      225,500
   Estimated merger costs.........................................    2,432,500
                                                                    -----------
   Estimated purchase price.......................................  $15,091,844
                                                                    ===========
   Preliminary Allocation of Purchase Price:
   Net book value of VitalCom's pro forma net assets..............  $10,222,978
   Goodwill and other intangibles.................................    3,068,866
   In process research and development............................    1,800,000
                                                                    -----------
                                                                    $15,091,844
                                                                    ===========

   The allocation of the purchase price of VitalCom is preliminary and does not
reflect the fair value adjustments to VitalCom's assets and liabilities, since
those amounts have not been finalized and have been estimated at this time. The
fair value of VitalCom's assets and liabilities will be determined as of the
date of the acquisition through an independent appraisal, which will include
appraisals of patents, trademarks and trade names, and other analyses.

   (b) To eliminate VitalCom's stockholders' Equity accounts.

   (c) To record the reduction of VitalCom revenue and cost of revenue for
consistency with Data Critical revenue recognition policies.

   (d) To reclassify VitalCom depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of
goodwill for consistency with Data Critical presentation.

   (e) To record amortization of goodwill and other intangibles related to the
merger of $3,069,000 over three to five years ($684,000 per year).

   (f) To reflect the issuance of 5,125,280 shares of Data Critical common
stock to VitalCom stockholders as if the merger occurred on January 1, 2000 and
to eliminate the weighted average VitalCom shares outstanding.

   (g) To reclassify Elixis and Paceart depreciation of fixed assets and
amortization of goodwill for consistency with Data Critical presentation.

   (h) To record amortization of the goodwill and other intangibles over seven
and ten years for the Data Critical acquisitions of Elixis and Paceart, as if
they occurred January 1, 2000.

   (i) To record the reduction of interest income and/or increase in interest
expense.

   (j) To reflect the issuance of approximately 210,000 and 300,000 shares of
Data Critical common stock to the Elixis and Paceart stockholders,
respectively, as if the acquisitions occurred January 1, 2000 weighted through
the date of acquisition by Data Critical and, for the dilutive calculation, to
eliminate Data Critical's common stock equivalents due to the pro forma net
loss.

                       COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
             DATA CRITICAL CAPITAL STOCK AND VITALCOM CAPITAL STOCK

   The following discussion summarizes the material differences between the
holders of Data Critical common stock and holders of VitalCom common stock
under the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Data Critical and of
VitalCom, and Data Critical's Preferred Share Rights Agreement. This summary is
not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of each
company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the Delaware General
Corporation Law and Data Critical's Preferred Share Rights Agreement. Copies of
Data Critical's charter documents and Data Critical's Preferred Share Rights
Agreement are filed as exhibits to Data Critical's registration statement on
Form S-4, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part.

   After completion of the merger, the holders of VitalCom common stock will
become stockholders of Data Critical. Because Data Critical and VitalCom are
both Delaware corporations, the rights of former VitalCom stockholders will
continue to be governed by Delaware law.

 Stockholder action without a meeting.

   Under Delaware law, any action required to be taken at an annual or special
meeting of stockholders may also be taken without a meeting by written consent
signed by all of the stockholders whose vote would be required if a vote were
taken on the action at a meeting. A corporation may alter this provision in its
certificate of incorporation. VitalCom's certificate of incorporation provides
that stockholder action may be taken without a meeting by unanimous written
consent. Under Data Critical's certificate of incorporation, no stockholder
action may be taken without a meeting.

 Right to call a special meeting of stockholders.

   The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that special meetings of
stockholders may be called by the board of directors and by persons
specifically authorized in the corporation's certificate of incorporation or
bylaws. Under VitalCom's bylaws, a special meeting of stockholders may be
called by holders of at least 50% of VitalCom's outstanding capital stock. Data
Critical's bylaws state that a special meeting may be called only by the board,
the chairman or the president.

 Number and composition of the board of directors.

   The DGCL requires that a corporation's board of directors consist of at
least one member, and provides that the specific number of directors be fixed
by, or in the manner provided in, the bylaws. The VitalCom bylaws provide for a
board of four to seven members. At the time of adoption of VitalCom's bylaws,
the specific number of directors was four, which can only be changed by an
amendment to the bylaws. Data Critical's bylaws set the number of directors at
seven, which number can be changed at any time by a resolution of the board or
stockholders.

   In addition, the DGCL states that a corporation may divide its directors
into one, two or three classes in its certificate of incorporation or in a
bylaw adopted by stockholders. Data Critical's certificate of incorporation, in
an amendment adopted by its stockholders on May 17, 1999, divides its board of
directors into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible. The term
of office of the first class of directors designated in that amendment expired
at the 2000 annual meeting of stockholders; the term of the second class of
directors will expire at the 2001 annual meeting, and the term of the third
class will expire at the 2002 annual meeting. VitalCom's board of directors is
not divided into classes.

 Data Critical series A participating preferred stock.

   Data Critical entered into a Preferred Share Rights Agreement dated June 15,
2000, with ChaseMellon Shareholder Services, L.L.C. as rights agent. The
following description of the rights agreement is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the terms and conditions of the rights agreement, which should be
read carefully.

See "Where you can find more information" on page 4 for information about
obtaining a copy of Data Critical's rights agreement.

   Under Data Critical's rights agreement, Data Critical's board of directors
declared a dividend distribution of one right to purchase 1/1000 of a share of
Data Critical's series A preferred stock for each outstanding share of Data
Critical common stock. The rights attach to each share that was outstanding at
the time of the adoption of the agreement, and all other common stock issued
prior to:

  .  the earlier of the date that occurs:

    .  10 days after a public announcement that a person or group has
       acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the outstanding
       shares of Data Critical common stock; and

    .  10 business days after the commencement of, or announcement of, an
       intention to make a tender offer or exchange offer which would result
       in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of 20% or more of
       the outstanding shares of Data Critical common stock, which was or
       becomes outstanding prior to the distribution (the earlier of these
       dates is referred to as the Distribution Date);

  .  the expiration of the rights on July 21, 2010; and

  .  the date the rights are redeemed by the board of directors of Data
     Critical.

   The rights will attach to the Data Critical shares issued to the VitalCom
stockholders in connection with the merger described in this registration
statement.

   The rights do not become exercisable until the distribution date of the
rights. Under the agreement, the distribution date will not occur as the
result of any transaction that was previously approved by Data Critical's
board of directors and stockholders, even if more than 20% of Data Critical's
shares become owned by a person or group. As a result, the merger between Data
Critical and VitalCom will not cause the distribution date to occur.

   Upon becoming exercisable, each right will entitle the holder to purchase
one-thousandth of a share of Data Critical Series A participating preferred
stock for the exercise price of the right. Additionally, if any person or
group of persons actually acquires beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding shares of Data Critical common stock, each holder of a right--
other than the rights owned by the acquiring person or group--will also have
the right to purchase that number of common shares of Data Critical having a
market value equal to two times the exercise price of the right. The exercise
price of the rights is $75.00, subject to the appropriate adjustments.

   In the event of a transaction with a publicly traded company where Data
Critical is acquired or consolidated with that public company or sells or
transfers either 50% or more of its assets or assets accounting for 50% of
Data Critical's earning power to that public company, the rights will also
entitle the holder to purchase for the exercise price that number of common
shares of such public company having a market value equal to two times the
exercise price.

   The rights are redeemable prior to the distribution date for $.01 per
right. After the closing of any transaction initially giving rise to the
distribution date, the board of directors of Data Critical can elect to
exchange each right for one share of Data Critical common stock without
payment of the exercise price.

   The Data Critical Series A participating preferred stock which can be
purchased by exercise of the rights:

  .  will not be redeemable;

  .  will be entitled to a minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of
     1000 times the dividend declared per common share, if any;

  .  in the event of liquidation, will be entitled to a minimum preferential
     liquidation payment of $1,000 per share or 1,000 times the payment made
     per share of Data Critical common stock, whichever is greater;

  .  will entitle the holder to vote with the common stock, but each share
     shall be entitled to 1,000 votes; and

  .  will be entitled to 1,000 times the per share amount of any distribution
     received in respect of Data Critical common stock.

   The rights expire on July 21, 2010 unless they are redeemed earlier.

   The rights may have the effect of deterring takeovers. The rights will cause
substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire Data
Critical on terms not approved by the Data Critical board of directors. The
rights should not interfere with any merger or other business combination
approved by the Data Critical board of directors prior to the time that a
person or group has acquired 20% beneficial ownership since the rights may be
redeemed or amended by Data Critical until such time.

               THE ANNUAL MEETING OF DATA CRITICAL STOCKHOLDERS--
                                OTHER PROPOSALS

   Data Critical is providing this information to Data Critical stockholders in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Data Critical board of
directors for use at the Data Critical annual meeting and any adjournments or
postponements of the annual meeting. For information about the Data Critical
merger proposal, see the description above under "The annual meeting of Data
Critical stockholders--Data Critical merger proposal" beginning on page 39.

Purpose of the annual meeting

   At the annual meeting, Data Critical stockholders will:

  .  consider and vote on the Data Critical merger proposal as described
     above in this joint proxy statement/prospectus;

  .  consider a proposal to amend the Data Critical 1999 Stock Option Plan to
     increase the total number of shares that can be issued under the plan
     (Proposal No. 2);

  .  elect two Class II directors to hold office until the third annual
     meeting of stockholders following their election or until their
     successors are elected and qualified (Proposal No. 3);

  .  be asked to ratify the board's appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as
     Data Critical's independent public accountants for the 2001 fiscal year
     (Proposal No. 4); and

  .  consider such other business as may properly come before the annual
     meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the annual meeting.

Recommendation of the Data Critical board of directors

   The Data Critical board recommends that Data Critical stockholders vote
"FOR" amendment of the Data Critical 1999 Stock Option Plan, "FOR" election of
each of the nominees for director and "FOR" the ratification of the board's
appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as Data Critical's independent public
accounts.

Record date and voting power

   Only Data Critical stockholders of record at the close of business on the
record date of        , 2001 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
annual meeting. As of this record date, there were         shares of Data
Critical common stock issued and outstanding and         holders of record of
Data Critical common stock. Each stockholder of record of Data Critical common
stock is entitled to cast one vote per share on each matter submitted for
stockholder approval.

Voting and revocation of proxies

   Votes may be cast in person or by a properly executed proxy on each matter
properly submitted for the vote of the stockholders at the annual meeting. All
properly executed proxies that are not revoked will be voted at the annual
meeting in accordance with the instructions contained in the proxy.

   A stockholder who has executed and returned a proxy may revoke it at any
time before it is voted at the annual meeting by:

  . executing and delivering to Data Critical's assistant secretary a proxy
    for the same shares but bearing a later date;

  . delivering to Data Critical's assistant secretary a written notice of
    revocation; or

  . attending the annual meeting and voting in person. Merely attending the
    annual meeting, however, will not in and of itself revoke a proxy--you
    must vote your shares in person in order for your previously-delivered
    proxy to be revoked.

Quorum; required vote

   The presence, in person or by proxy, at the annual meeting of holders of a
majority of the shares of Data Critical common stock outstanding as of the
close of business on the record date is necessary to constitute a quorum at the
annual meeting. Abstentions and broker nonvotes will count toward establishing
a quorum.

   Broker nonvotes will have no effect on any of the proposals to be considered
at the annual meeting because they will not represent votes cast on any
proposal. An abstention will have no effect on the election of directors, but
will have the same effect as a vote against amending the Data Critical 1999
Stock Option Plan and the same effect as a vote against ratifying the board's
appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as Data Critical's independent public
accountants.

   If you are a Data Critical stockholder and you sign, date and return your
proxy without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be counted as a
vote "FOR" all the proposals submitted at the Data Critical annual meeting.

   On the record date for the annual meeting, the directors and officers of
Data Critical owned approximately         shares, or   % of the outstanding
shares of Data Critical common stock entitled to vote at the annual meeting.

Solicitation of proxies

   In addition to soliciting by mail, the directors, Data Critical's officers,
employees and agents may solicit proxies from stockholders by personal
interview, telephone, telegram or otherwise. Data Critical will bear the costs
of soliciting proxies from its stockholders, except that Data Critical and
VitalCom will each pay one-half of the cost of printing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Data Critical will also arrange with brokerage firms and
other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries who are record holders of Data
Critical common stock for forwarding solicitation materials to the beneficial
owners of our common stock. Data Critical will reimburse these brokers,
custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
they incur in connection with forwarding solicitation materials. Data Critical
has engaged Mellon Investor Services L.L.C. to distribute proxy solicitation
materials to brokers, banks and other nominees and to assist in soliciting
proxies from Data Critical stockholders for a fee of approximately $4,500 plus
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Other matters

   At the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the Data Critical
board of directors does not know of any business to be presented at the annual
meeting other than the proposals described in the notice accompanying this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Should any other matter properly be brought
before the annual meeting by Data Critical's board of directors, a supplement
or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus describing the matter
will be sent to all Data Critical stockholders entitled to vote.

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 2

       AMENDMENT OF THE DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION 1999 STOCK OPTION PLAN

   At the annual meeting, Data Critical's stockholders will be asked to approve
amendment of the Data Critical Corporation 1999 Stock Option Plan, or 1999
Plan, to reserve an additional 750,000 shares of common stock for a total of
2,700,937 reserved for issuance, including the previously approved annual
increase for fiscal 2001. The previously approved annual increase in each of
the fiscal years beginning in 2000 and ending in 2004 equals the lesser of (i)
250,000 shares, (ii) 2% of our outstanding stock on the last day of the
immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) a lesser number of shares, as
determined by Data Critical's board of directors.

   The following summary highlights the principal features of the 1999 Plan.
This summary does not completely describe the plan or all of its provisions. A
complete copy of the 1999 Plan is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix G.

General

   Data Critical's board of directors adopted the 1999 Plan in May 1999. The
board has reserved, subject to stockholder approval, 750,000 additional shares
of common stock for issuance. The board believes that attracting qualified
employees, officers and consultants and providing incentives to Data Critical's
current employees, officers, non-employee directors and consultants requires
grants of options to purchase Data Critical common stock. Accordingly, the
board recommends that you vote "FOR" amendment of the 1999 Plan.

   Options granted under the 1999 Plan are either incentive stock options, or
ISOs, within the meaning of the Code, or nonstatutory stock options, or NSOs.
Information concerning the federal income tax treatment of both ISOs and NSOs
is set forth below.

Purpose

   The purpose of the 1999 Plan is to attract and retain the best available
personnel to Data Critical, to provide additional incentives to employees,
officers, consultants and non-employee directors and to promote the success of
Data Critical's business.

Administration

   Data Critical's board of directors or a committee of directors appointed by
the board administers the 1999 Plan. The board may modify the committee's
composition to satisfy applicable laws if it wishes to qualify options granted
under the 1999 Plan as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of
the Code or qualify those options for exemption under Rule 16b-3 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

   Under the 1999 Plan, the administrator determines:

  .  who among the eligible persons will receive option grants;

  .  the size and type of each grant; and

  .  the terms and conditions of each grant.

   The administrator may delegate its authority to grant options to a Data
Critical officer.

Eligibility

   Options may be granted to employees (including officers and directors who
are also employees) and consultants (including non-employee directors) of Data
Critical. Only Data Critical employees are eligible to receive ISO grants
whereas employees, non-employee directors and consultants may receive NSO
grants. The plan administrator selects the optionees and determines the number
of shares and the exercise price of each option. The plan administrator makes
this determination by accounting for the optionee's duties and

responsibilities, the value of the optionee's services, the optionee's present
and potential contribution to the Data Critical's success and other relevant
factors. As of March 31, 2001, approximately 130 employees, officers,
consultants and directors were eligible to participate in the 1999 Plan.

   The 1999 Plan also limits each optionee to an aggregate market value of
$100,000 for all shares treated as ISOs during any calendar year. Any shares in
excess of this amount will be deemed NSOs.

Additional information regarding the 1999 Plan

   The SEC's proxy rules require Data Critical to provide information regarding
future participation in plans for which stockholder approval is required.
Because awards under the 1999 Plan are discretionary, Data Critical cannot
currently determine the size of grants, or the recipients of those grants, to
be made under the 1999 Plan in 2001. The following table lists, for purposes of
comparison, the options granted in 2000 under the 1999 Plan:

                               1999 PLAN BENEFITS

                        Name and Position                      Number of Shares
                        -----------------                      ----------------

   David E. Albert............................................      20,000
    Chief Scientist and Chairman Emeritus of the Board(1)
   Jeffrey S. Brown...........................................     100,000
    Chairman of the Board(2)
   Bradley R. Harlow..........................................      35,000
    Senior Vice President of Business Development
    and General Manager, Paceart Division
   Robert A. May..............................................      47,500
    Vice President of Hospital Operations
   Michael E. Singer..........................................      95,000
    Executive Vice President, Corporate Development
    and Chief Financial Officer
   Executive officers, as a group.............................     297,500
   Directors who are not executive officers, as a group.......      22,500
   Employees who are not executive officers, as a group.......     591,530

- --------
(1)  Mr. Albert was the Chairman of the Board of Data Critical until February
     2001.

(2)  Mr. Brown was Chief Executive Officer of Data Critical until February
     2001.

   As of April 12, 2001, the price of Data Critical common stock was $    as
reported on the Nasdaq National Market.

Terms of options

   The plan administrator sets the terms of options granted under the 1999 Plan
and the stock option agreement between Data Critical and the optionee. Each
option is subject to the following additional terms and conditions:

   Exercise of the Option. Options vest and become exercisable during the
optionee's service with Data Critical. The plan administrator sets the vesting
schedule for each option. To exercise an option, an optionee must provide Data
Critical with written notice of exercise that specifies the number of shares to
be purchased. The optionee must also pay the purchase price by a method
approved by the plan administrator.

   Exercise Price. The plan administrator sets the exercise price of options
granted under the 1999 Plan. In the case of ISOs, the exercise price must be at
least equal to the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant, based
upon the closing price of Data Critical common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market as of the date of grant. ISOs granted to stockholders who own more than
10% of the total combined voting power of all

classes of Data Critical capital stock, are subject to the additional
restriction that the exercise price on such options must equal at least 110% of
the fair market value on the date of the grant. The exercise price of NSOs
shall be determined by the plan administrator, provided, that, NSOs granted to
a "covered employee" under Section 162(m) of the Code are subject to the
additional restriction that the exercise price on those options must be at
least 100% of the fair market value on the date of grant if the options are
intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under the Internal
Revenue Code.

   Nontransferability of Options. An optionee may not transfer an ISO, except
in his or her will or under the laws of descent and distribution. An ISO many
be exercised only by the optionee during his or her lifetime or, in the event
of death, by a person who acquires the right to exercise the option by bequest
or inheritance. The plan administrator may allow transfers of NSOs at its
discretion.

   Acceleration of Option. Upon a merger, consolidation or sale of all or
substantially all of Data Critical's assets, except a merger or consolidation
in which the holders of more than 50% of Data Critical capital stock continue
to hold more than 50% of the voting stock in the merged corporation, an event
referred to in the 1999 Plan as a change of control, each outstanding option
will accelerate so that 50% of the unvested shares covered by each option, up
to a maximum of 50% of all unvested shares covered by all options held by the
optionee, shall become fully vested. 100% of the unvested portion of an option
held by a Data Critical executive officer shall accelerate if, within 12 months
after a change of control of Data Critical, the executive officer's employment
is terminated by Data Critical other than for Cause (as defined in the 1999
Plan) or by the optionee for Good Reason (as defined in the 1999 Plan).

   The plan administrator also may automatically accelerate any outstanding
options upon a change of control, but only if the acceleration does not
interfere with pooling of interests accounting treatment of the transaction.
The plan administrator shall either substitute or assume options by the
successor corporation, give written notice of acceleration of the optionee's
right to exercise his or her outstanding options in part or in full at any time
within five days of the notice, or terminate each option in its entirety in
exchange for cash, securities or other property.

Adjustments upon changes in capitalization

   If a change in Data Critical's capitalization, such as a stock split,
reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification, results
in an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares of common stock
of Data Critical without Data Critical receiving any consideration for the
additional shares, the exercise price of each outstanding option, the number of
shares subject to each option, the annual limitation on grants to employees,
and the number of shares available for issuance under the 1999 Plan shall be
appropriately adjusted. Each option will terminate upon the proposed
dissolution or liquidation of Data Critical, unless otherwise provided by the
plan administrator.

Amendment and termination

   Data Critical's board of directors may amend the 1999 Plan at any time or
may terminate it without approval of the stockholders except as required by
applicable law or rules. However, no action by the board or the stockholders
may alter or impair any option previously granted under the 1999 Plan without
mutual agreement between the optionee and the board. The 1999 Plan terminates
in May 2009, except that any options outstanding under the plan at that time
shall remain outstanding until those options expire by their terms.

Federal income tax consequences

   The following briefly summarizes the U.S. federal income tax consequences of
transactions under the 1999 Plan based on federal income tax laws in effect on
the date of this registration statement. This summary is not intended to be
exhaustive and does not address all matters that may be relevant to a
particular optionee based on his or her specific circumstances. The summary
addresses only current U.S. federal income tax law and expressly does not
discuss the income tax laws of any state, municipality, non-U.S. taxing
jurisdiction or gift,

estate or other tax laws other than federal income tax law. Data Critical
advises all optionees to consult their own tax advisor concerning the tax
implications of option grants and exercises and the disposition of stock
acquired upon such exercises, under the plan.

   Incentive Stock Options. In general, upon either the grant or the exercise
of an ISO an employee will not realize taxable income nor will Data Critical
realize an income tax deduction. In general, however, the excess of the fair
market value of the shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of an ISO
(determined at the time of exercise) over the exercise price of the ISO will be
considered income for purposes of the alternative minimum tax. If the optionee
does not sell the shares received pursuant to the exercise of the ISO before
either (i) two years after the date of the grant of the ISO or (ii) one year
after the date of exercise, a subsequent sale of those shares will result in
long-term capital gain treatment to the optionee and no tax deduction to Data
Critical.

   However, if the optionee disposes of those shares within either of the above
mentioned time periods, the recipient will generally realize as ordinary income
an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the common stock
on the date of exercise over the exercise price, or (ii) the amount realized
upon disposition over the exercise price. In this case, Data Critical generally
will be entitled to an income tax deduction equal to the amount the optionee
must recognize as ordinary income. Any gain in excess of the amount the
optionee must realize as ordinary income would be taxed at the rates applicable
to short-term or long-term capital gains (depending on the holding period).

   Nonqualified Stock Options. Upon grant of a NSO, an optionee generally will
not realize any taxable income nor will Data Critical receive a deduction. Upon
exercise of a NSO, the optionee generally will receive ordinary income in an
amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date
of exercise over the exercise price. If the optionee later sells the shares, he
or she will recognize a short-term or long-term capital gain or loss depending
upon the holding period. Data Critical generally may take a deduction equal to
the amount of ordinary income recognized by the optionee.

   All Options. The following also applies to both ISOs and NSOs: (i) any
entitlement of Data Critical to a tax deduction is subject to the applicable
tax rules (including, without limitation, Section 162(m) of the Code regarding
a $1,000,000 limitation on deductible compensation), and (ii) if the
exercisability or vesting of any option accelerates because of a change of
control, payments relating to the option (or a portion thereof), either alone
or together with certain other payments, may constitute parachute payments
under Section 280G of the Code, under which excess amounts may be subject to
excise taxes and a loss of deductibility for Data Critical or the resulting
entity.

   In general, Section 162(m) of the Code denies a publicly held corporation a
deduction for federal income tax purposes for compensation of more than
$1,000,000 per year paid to its chief executive officer and the other named
executive officers whose compensation is disclosed in its proxy statement,
subject to specific exceptions. Options generally qualify under one of these
exceptions if they are granted under a plan that states the maximum number of
shares that may be granted to any recipient during a specified period, if the
plan under which the options are granted is approved by stockholders and the
plan is administered by a compensation committee comprised exclusively of
outside directors. Data Critical intends the 1999 Plan to satisfy these
requirements.

Required vote

   Approval of the amendment of the 1999 Plan to reserve 750,000 additional
shares for issuance requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the shares of Data Critical common stock present at the annual meeting in
person or by proxy.

Recommendation of Data Critical's board of directors

   Data Critical's board of directors recommends that Data Critical
stockholders vote "FOR" approval of the amendment of the 1999 Plan to increase
the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 1999 Plan
by 750,000.

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 3

                             ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Nominees

   Data Critical's bylaws provide that its board of directors shall be composed
of seven directors. Data Critical's board currently consists of seven directors
and is divided into three classes so that there is as near an equal number of
directors in each class as possible. Every director generally holds office for
a three-year term and until the election and qualification of his or her
successor.

   At the annual meeting, Data Critical's stockholders will elect two Class II
directors each for a term of approximately three years ending at the 2004
annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor is elected and qualified.
If any nominee becomes unavailable for any reason, the proxy holders intend to
cast votes for a substitute nominee designated by the board or the proxy
holders to fill such resulting vacancy, or in the alternative, the size of the
board may be reduced in accordance with Data Critical's bylaws. If elected,
Mr. Middlemas will serve until Data Critical's merger with VitalCom becomes
effective; he will resign from the board if and on the date that the merger
becomes effective. The Data Critical board has no reason to believe that the
other nominee named below will be unable to serve if elected.

   Assuming a quorum is present at the annual meeting, the two nominees who
receive the highest number of votes at the meeting will be elected. If
additional persons are nominated for election as directors, the proxy holders
intend to vote all proxies received by them in favor of the election of as many
of the nominees listed below as possible, and, in such event, the specific
nominees to be voted for will be determined by the proxy holders.

   The board recommends that you vote "FOR" the election of all nominees for
director.

   The names of the nominees, their ages as of March 31, 2001 and certain other
information about them and the other directors are set forth below.

                                                Offices held with
     Name of Nominee                        Age   Data Critical   Director since
     ---------------                        --- ----------------- --------------

     George M. Middlemas...................  54     Director           1995
     David B. Swedlow......................  54     Director           1998

Nominees--Terms will expire in 2004

   George M. Middlemas (age 54) has served as a director of Data Critical since
February 1995. Since 1991, Mr. Middlemas has been a managing general partner of
Apex Investment Partners, a Chicago-based venture capital firm that focuses on
telecommunications, information technology and software investments.
Mr. Middlemas earned an M.B.A. from Harvard University and is a certified
public accountant. Mr. Middlemas is a director of RSA Security, a computer
network security products company, Tut Systems, Inc., a telecommunications
products company, Online Resources Communications Corp., a provider of
electronic banking transaction services, Qorus.com, Inc., an integrated
messaging service provider, and Purecycle Corporation, a water resources
development corporation and also serves as a director on the board of various
private companies.

   David B. Swedlow (age 54) has served as a director of Data Critical since
July 1998. Dr. Swedlow founded and has been a principal of The Swedlow Group, a
medical technologies consulting firm, since April 1998. From 1987 to April
1998, Dr. Swedlow was senior vice president of medical affairs and technology
development at Nellcor Puritan Bennett. Dr. Swedlow earned a B.S. from the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.D. from Harvard Medical School.

Continuing directors--Terms expire in 2002

   David E. Albert, M.D. (age 46) founded Data Critical in October 1992 and
serves as chief scientist and chairman emeritus of the board of Data Critical.
Prior to founding Data Critical, Dr. Albert served as a consultant to Hewlett-
Packard's Cardiology Business Unit from 1990 to 1992. Dr. Albert was president
and founder of Corazonix Corp. from 1984 to 1989, and from 1984 to 1987 served
as a consultant to Quinton Instrument Co. in Seattle. Dr. Albert holds an A.B.
degree from Harvard University and an M.D. from Duke University.

   Michael E. Singer (age 38) has served as executive vice president, corporate
development and chief financial officer of Data Critical since June 1999. Mr.
Singer has also served as a director of Data Critical since January 2001. Prior
to joining Data Critical, from 1992 to 1999, Mr. Singer was an investment
banker focusing on mergers, acquisitions and corporate financings for
healthcare companies. During that period of time, Mr. Singer served as a
principal at Banc of America/NationsBanc Montgomery Securities from 1998 to
1999, vice president at Alex, Brown & Sons from 1997 to 1998 and vice president
at Wolfensohn & Co., Incorporated from 1992 to 1997. From 1990 to 1992, Mr.
Singer worked at Union Bank of Switzerland in Zurich, Switzerland in global
corporate and institutional banking, and in 1986 at the Commission of the
European Communities in Brussels, Belgium. Mr. Singer holds a Ph.D. degree from
the London School of Economics, a M.A. degree from the Maxwell School of Public
Affairs, Syracuse University and a B.A. degree from Washington and Lee
University.

Continuing directors--Terms expire in 2003

   John V. Atanasoff (age 65) has served as a director of Data Critical since
January 2001, when he replaced Ronald H. Kase. Mr. Atanasoff most recently was
president, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Colorado
MEDtech, Inc., where he was employed since June 1993. Prior to joining Colorado
MEDtech, Mr. Atanasoff served as chief executive officer and chairman of the
board of Cybernetics Products Inc. from October 1989 to April 1993 and as vice
president and general manager of EG&G Seattle from October 1980 to April 1989.
Mr. Atanasoff earned a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Iowa State
University and an M.S. in mechanical engineering from the University of
Rochester.

   Jeffrey S. Brown (age 41) served as president and chief executive officer of
Data Critical from September 1994 to February 2001, at which time he joined
RadioFrame Networks, Inc. as president and chief executive officer. Mr. Brown
currently serves as chairman of the board of directors of Data Critical and has
also served as a director of Data Critical since September 1994. Prior to
joining Data Critical, he served as vice president of sales and
marketing/business development for McCaw Wireless Data where he was responsible
for the general management of this start-up business unit from January 1993 to
September 1994. From June 1992 to January 1993, Mr. Brown was director of
product development at McCaw Cellular Engineering where he was responsible for
developing key wireless products, including packet and circuit switched data
and advanced voice service products. From 1990 to June 1992, Mr. Brown was
director of marketing operations and National Accounts at PacTel Cellular, a
subsidiary of Pacific Telesys. Mr. Brown has also held sales and marketing
positions at Pacific Bell, a subsidiary of Pacific Telesys, from 1984 to 1990,
and at AT&T from 1982 to 1984. Mr. Brown earned a B.A. in political science
from the University of California at Berkeley and an M.B.A. from Golden Gate
University.

   Richard L. Earnest (age 58) has served as chief executive officer of Data
Critical. He has also served as a director of Data Critical since May 1997.
Since December 1998, Mr. Earnest has been the mayor of the city of Del Mar,
California and currently serves on the Del Mar city council. From 1995 to 1997,
Mr. Earnest served as chief executive officer of Tudor Publishing Company, a
private educational software company. From 1993 to 1995, Mr. Earnest was chief
executive officer at Demax Software, Inc., a VAX and UNIX security products
company. From 1991 to 1993, Mr. Earnest was the chief executive officer at
AdvantEDGE Systems Group, a software re-engineering company. From 1989 to 1991,
Mr. Earnest was chief executive officer at Peregrine Systems. From 1983 to
1989, he was the president at VM Software, Inc. Mr. Earnest is a director of
RSA

Security, a computer network security products company, and also serves as a
director on the board of various private companies. Mr. Earnest holds a B.S.
degree in engineering and a M.S. degree in management from the U.S. Naval
Academy.

Committees and meetings of the Data Critical board of directors

   Data Critical has established two standing committees of its board of
directors, the audit committee and the compensation committee. Each of these
committees reports to the full board, and its activities are therefore subject
to board approval. The functions performed by these committees are summarized
below.

   Audit Committee. The audit committee reviews our corporate accounting and
reporting practices, internal accounting controls, audit plans and results,
investment policies and financial reports to ensure that our assets are
appropriately safeguarded and to ensure the quality and integrity of our
financial records. In addition, the audit committee recommends to Data
Critical's board the independent auditors to be retained by Data Critical. As
of January 31, 2001, the date of the Audit Committee Report set forth below,
the members of the audit committee were Richard L. Earnest, John V. Atanasoff
and George M. Middlemas. From January 5, 2001 until February 26, 2001, the
audit committee consisted of John V. Atanasoff, Richard L. Earnest and George
M. Middlemas. Each member of the audit committee was, during the period of his
service, independent of management as defined in NASD Market Rule 4200(a)(14).
On February 26, 2001, Mr. Earnest became Data Critical's chief executive
officer and a result was no longer eligible to serve on the audit committee. As
a result of Mr. Earnest's ineligibility, the only remaining member of the board
who is not an employee of Data Critical and who meets the qualifications to
serve on the audit committee is Jeffrey Brown. Mr. Brown served as president
and chief executive officer of Data Critical until February 26, 2001.
Consequently, Mr. Brown does not satisfy the "independence" NASD requirements
for audit committee members. The NASD rules permit a listed company to appoint
one non-independent member to its audit committee under certain circumstances.

   Because of (i) the lack of any other qualified members of the board of
directors to serve on the audit committee, (ii) Mr. Brown's familiarity with
the company's practices, procedures and auditors, (iii) Mr. Brown's financial
and business expertise, (iv) the current need for a fully constituted audit
committee, and (v) Mr. Brown's willingness to serve, the board of directors of
Data Critical determined that it was required and in the best interest of Data
Critical and its stockholders to appoint Mr. Brown to the audit committee. On
April 13, 2001, the Data Critical board of directors so appointed Mr. Brown to
the audit committee. The current members of the audit committee are Messrs.
Atanasoff, Middlemas and Brown.

   The audit committee met four times during 2000. The report of the audit
committee is set forth below and its charter is attached as Appendix H to this
proxy statement/prospectus.

   Compensation Committee. The compensation committee establishes salaries,
incentives and other forms of compensation for Data Critical's directors and
executive officers. This committee also administers Data Critical's various
incentive compensation and benefit plans, including stock option plans, and
recommends the establishment of policies relating to the incentive compensation
and benefit plans. The compensation committee also administers Data Critical's
1994 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Directors' Stock Option
Plan and 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000, the members of this committee were Ronald H. Kase, Richard
L. Earnest and George M. Middlemas. Effective after the annual meeting, the
compensation committee will consist of Messrs. Atanasoff and Middlemas. The
compensation committee met eleven times during 2000. The report of the
compensation committee included in Data Critical's annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2000 which is attached as Appendix E to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   During the 2000 fiscal year, the Data Critical board of directors met eleven
times. No director missed more than 25% of the aggregate number of meetings of
the board and meetings of the committees of the board on which he serves.

   The Data Critical board of directors does not have a nominating committee or
a committee performing the functions of a nominating committee. Data Critical's
bylaws allow a nomination for a director to be made by stockholders in
accordance with specific provisions contained in the bylaws. In order to
nominate a director for election at the 2002 annual meeting of Data Critical
stockholders, a stockholder must submit the nomination to the Assistant
Secretary of Data Critical at the address of Data Critical's principal
executive offices set forth above no less than 60 days or more than 90 days
before the 2002 Data Critical stockholders meeting--unless less than 60 days'
advance notice of the meeting is given, in which case the stockholder's
nomination must be received by Data Critical by the tenth day following the
mailing or announcement of the notice of stockholders meeting. Such nominations
also must comply with the provisions set forth in our bylaws regarding director
nominations.

                                 PROPOSAL NO. 4

                      RATIFICATION OF BOARD'S APPOINTMENT

                         INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

   At the annual meeting, Data Critical's stockholders will be asked to ratify
the board of directors' appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as Data Critical's
independent public accountants. Arthur Andersen LLP has served as Data
Critical's independent public accountants since 1995 and has been appointed by
Data Critical's board of directors to continue as independent public
accountants for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2001. In the event that
ratification of this selection of auditors is not approved by a majority of the
shares of common stock voting at the annual meeting in person or by proxy, the
Data Critical board of directors will reconsider its selection of auditors.

   A representative of Arthur Andersen LLP is expected to be present at the
annual meeting. This representative will have an opportunity to make a
statement and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.

   The board recommends a vote "FOR" ratification of the appointment of Arthur
Andersen LLP as Data Critical's independent auditors for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2001.

   The aggregate fees billed by Arthur Andersen LLP in the year 2000 for its
audit of Data Critical's consolidated financial statements for the year 2000
and for its reviews of Data Critical's interim consolidated financial
statements was $78,500. Arthur Andersen LLP billed no fees in 2000 for
information technology consulting. The aggregate fees billed by Arthur Andersen
LLP in 2000 for professional services other than audit and information
technology consulting fees was $86,000. During 2000, none of the hours Arthur
Andersen LLP expended on our financial audit were provided by persons other
than Arthur Andersen LLP's full-time permanent employees.

   Data Critical's audit committee has determined that Arthur Andersen LLP's
rendering of all other non-audit services is compatible with maintaining
auditor independence.

                             AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

   As of the date of this report, the audit committee of the Data Critical
board of directors was composed of three independent directors (Richard L.
Earnest, John V. Atanasoff and George M. Middlemas) and operates under a
written charter adopted by the board of directors (attached as Appendix H).
From January 5, 2001 through the date of this report, the members of the audit
committee were Mr. John V. Atanasoff and Messrs. Earnest and Middlemas.

   Data Critical's management is responsible for Data Critical's internal
controls and financial reporting process. Data Critical's independent auditors,
Arthur Andersen LLP, are responsible for performing an independent audit of the
company's consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards and to issue a report on its audit. The audit
committee's responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. In
addition, the audit committee recommends to the full board of directors,
subject to stockholder ratification, the selection of Data Critical's
independent accountants.

   In this context, the audit committee has met and held discussions with
management and the independent auditors. In addition, the members of the audit
committee individually reviewed Data Critical's financial statements before
their filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission in our periodic
reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. Management represented to the audit committee
that Data Critical's consolidated financial statements were prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the audit
committee reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements with
management and the independent accountants. The audit committee also discussed
with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Statement
on Auditing Standards No. 61, "Communication with Audit Committees."

   In addition, the committee has discussed with the independent auditors the
auditors' independence from management and the Data Critical including the
matters in the written disclosures required by the Independence Standards
Board's Standard No. 1 "Independence Discussions with Audit Committees," and
considered the compatibility of nonaudit services with the auditors'
independence.

   Based on the audit committee's discussion with management and the
independent accountants and its review of the representation of management and
the report of the independent auditors to the audit committee, the audit
committee recommended that the board select, subject to stockholder approval,
Arthur Andersen LLP as Data Critical's independent auditors for the year ending
December 31, 2001, and that the board include the audited consolidated
financial statements in Data Critical's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

                                          January 31, 2001

                                          Audit Committee:
                                          Richard L. Earnest
                                          John V. Atanasoff
                                          George M. Middlemas

                                    EXPERTS

   The financial statements and schedules incorporated by reference in this
prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been audited by
Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as indicated in their
reports with respect thereto, and are included herein in reliance upon the
authority of such firm as experts (or, as experts in accounting and auditing)
in giving said reports.

   The financial statements of VitalCom Inc. and the related financial
statement schedule incorporated in this prospectus by reference from VitalCom's
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their
report which is incorporated by reference, and have been so incorporated in
reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   The validity of the Data Critical common stock issuable pursuant to the
merger and other related legal matters will be passed upon for Data Critical by
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, Seattle, Washington. Higham, McConnell &
Dunning LLP, Laguna Niguel, California is acting as counsel to VitalCom.

                             STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, the deadline for stockholders to
submit proposals to be considered for inclusion in Data Critical's proxy
statement for the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders is         , 2002, the
date that is 120 days prior to the anniversary of mailing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Such proposals may be included in the 2002 proxy
statement and form of proxy if they comply with the rules and regulations of
the SEC.

   VitalCom will hold a 2002 annual meeting of stockholders only if the merger
is not completed.

                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                          Page
                                                                          -----

Data Critical Corporation

Report of Independent Public Accountants................................   E-49

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1999 and 2000...............   E-50

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
 1999 and 2000..........................................................   E-51

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years
 ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000.................................   E-52

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
 1998, 1999 and 2000....................................................   E-53

Notes to consolidated financial statements..............................   E-54

VitalCom Inc.

Independent Auditors' Report............................................   F-27

Balance Sheets at December 31, 1999 and 2000............................   F-28

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and
 2000...................................................................   F-29

Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31,
 1998, 1999 and 2000....................................................   F-30

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and
 2000...................................................................   F-31

Notes to Financial Statements...........................................   F-32

Paceart Associates, L.P.

Report of Independent Public Accountants................................  FIN-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and June 30, 2000 (unaudited)....  FIN-3

Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 1999 and the six
 months ended June 30, 2000 (unaudited).................................  FIN-4

Statement of Partners' Capital for the year ended December 31, 1999 and
 the six months ended June 30, 2000 (unaudited).........................  FIN-5

Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 1999 and the six
 months ended June 30, 2000 (unaudited).................................  FIN-6

Notes to Financial Statements...........................................  FIN-7

                                     FIN-1

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Partners of Paceart Associates, L.P. :

   We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Paceart Associates, L.P.
(a New Jersey limited partnership) as of December 31, 1999 and the related
statements of income, partners' capital and cash flows for the year then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.

   We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

   In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Paceart Associates, L.P. as
of December 31, 1999 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.

                                          /s/ Arthur Anderson LLP

Seattle, WA
October 17, 2000

                                     FIN-2

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                                 BALANCE SHEETS
                   AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND JUNE 30, 2000

                                                        December 31,  June 30,
                                                            1999        2000
                                                        ------------ -----------
                                                                     (unaudited)

                        ASSETS
                        ------

CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash and cash equivalents...........................   $  597,589  $  766,534
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
   accounts of $8,335 and $17,837, respectively.......      935,989     338,261
  Inventories.........................................      450,680     385,290
  Other current assets................................       14,043      44,226
                                                         ----------  ----------
    Total current assets..............................    1,998,301   1,534,311
FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT, net of accumulated
 depreciation and amortization of $170,112 and
 $188,680, respectively...............................       46,383      27,815
PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS, net of accumulated
 depreciation and amortization of $49,317 and $52,680,
 respectively.........................................       44,833      41,471
OTHER ASSETS..........................................       10,083      10,083
                                                         ----------  ----------
    Total assets......................................   $2,099,600  $1,613,680
                                                         ==========  ==========

          LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL
          ---------------------------------

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Accounts payable....................................   $  326,759  $  129,047
  Accrued expenses....................................      249,147     206,811
  Unearned income.....................................      438,138     498,417
                                                         ----------  ----------
    Total current liabilities.........................    1,014,044     834,275

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

PARTNERS' CAPITAL.....................................    1,085,556     779,405
                                                         ----------  ----------
    Total liabilities and partners' capital...........   $2,099,600  $1,613,680
                                                         ==========  ==========

  The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these
                                balance sheets.

                                     FIN-3

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                              STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
                     AND THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2000

                                                                    Six Months
                                                        Year Ended     Ended
                                                       December 31,  June 30,
                                                           1999        2000
                                                       ------------ -----------
                                                                    (unaudited)

REVENUES:
  Systems.............................................  $3,882,393  $1,549,623
  Service contracts...................................     837,549     529,007
  Other...............................................     213,265     141,709
                                                        ----------  ----------
    Total.............................................   4,933,207   2,220,339
COST OF REVENUES......................................   1,396,460     727,752
                                                        ----------  ----------
    Gross profit......................................   3,536,747   1,492,587
                                                        ----------  ----------
SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES..........   2,765,190   1,474,029
                                                        ----------  ----------
    Income (loss) from operations.....................     771,557     (18,558)
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
  Interest income.....................................       3,634      18,813
  Write-off of investment in and advances to joint
   venture............................................    (116,115)        --
  Other income........................................      (4,126)        --
                                                        ----------  ----------
    Net income (loss).................................  $  654,950  $   37,371
                                                        ==========  ==========

  The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these
                             financial statements.

                                     FIN-4

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                        STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS' CAPITAL
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
                     AND THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2000

                                                                      Partners'
                                                                       Capital
                                                                      ---------

Balance as of January 1, 1999........................................ $ 430,606
  Net Income.........................................................   654,950
                                                                      ---------
Balance as of December 31, 1999...................................... 1,085,556
  Net Income (unaudited).............................................    37,371
  Distributions (unaudited)..........................................  (343,522)
                                                                      ---------
Balance as of June 30, 2000 (unaudited).............................. $ 779,405
                                                                      =========

  The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these
                             financial statements.

                                     FIN-5

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                            STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
                     AND THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2000

                                                       Year Ended  Six Months
                                                      December 31, Ended June
                                                          1999      30, 2000
                                                      ------------ -----------
                                                                   (unaudited)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net loss.............................................  $ 654,950    $  37,371
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used
 in operating activities--
  Depreciation and amortization......................     24,757       21,930
  Allowance for doubtful accounts....................      8,335        9,502
  Loss on disposal...................................      4,126          --
  Write-off of investment in joint venture...........    116,115       13,500
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities--
    Accounts receivable..............................   (515,850)     588,226
    Inventories......................................   (218,925)      65,390
    Other current assets.............................     49,570      (30,183)
    Accounts payable.................................    242,428     (197,712)
    Accrued expenses.................................    106,857      (42,336)
    Unearned income..................................    103,788       60,279
                                                       ---------    ---------
      Net cash provided by operating activities......    576,151      525,967
                                                       ---------    ---------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Purchases of furniture and equipment...............    (28,438)         --
  Proceeds from sale of vehicle......................      9,998          --
  Advances to joint venture..........................    (98,866)     (13,500)
                                                       ---------    ---------
      Net cash used in investing activities..........   (117,306)     (13,500)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Distributions......................................        --      (343,522)
                                                       ---------    ---------
      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents......    458,845      168,945

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period.......    138,744      597,589
                                                       ---------    ---------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period.............  $ 597,589    $ 766,534
                                                       =========    =========

  The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these
                             financial statements.

                                     FIN-6

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. THE PARTNERSHIP

   Paceart Associates, L.P. (the "Partnership") was formed in 1992 for the
purpose of developing advanced computer technology for monitoring pacemaker,
defibrillator and arrhythmia patients. The Partnership's technology is
currently utilized in clinical, pharmaceutical research and consumer
applications throughout the world.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

 Use of Estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 Concentration Risks

   The Partnership has cash balances that are held principally at one financial
institution and may, at times, exceed insurable amounts. The Partnership
believes it has mitigated its risk by investing in or through major financial
institutions. Recoverability is dependent upon the performance of the
institution.

   Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited
due to the large number of customers comprising the Partnership's customer
base. The Partnership routinely assesses the financial strength of all of its
customers.

 Revenue Recognition

   Revenue on system sales is recognized under the completed contract method
which is based upon training or installation of the systems rather then
shipment date. For systems not requiring installation or training, or sales of
upgraded software; revenue is recognize based upon shipment date.

   Other revenue is derived from the sale of equipment consisting of phones,
microphones, and various other equipment.

   Costs incurred prior to revenue recognition are capitalized as work in
progress in accordance with the completed contract method.

 Capitalized Software Costs

   In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 86,
"Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased or Otherwise
Marketed", the Partnership is required to capitalize certain computer software
costs, which include product enhancements, after technological feasibility has
been established. These costs are amortized using the greater of the ratio that
current gross revenues for a product bear to the total of current and
anticipated future gross revenues for the product or a maximum of three years
using the straight line method beginning when the products are available for
general release to customers. At December 31, 1999 and June 30, 2000, no
software costs have been capitalized due to the fact that all costs incurred
after technological feasibility of a product have been deemed to be immaterial
by the Partnership.

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

   The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable, accrued expenses, and convertible notes payable approximate
fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying
amounts of outstanding borrowings approximate fair value.

                                     FIN-7

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Cash and Cash Equivalents

   The Partnership considers all short-term marketable securities having a
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

 Inventories

   Inventories consist of parts used for system implementation and maintenance
service and are stated at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-
out basis) or market.

 Furniture and Equipment

   Furniture and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The
estimated useful life of furniture, machinery and equipment is 5 years.

 Other Current Assets

   Other current assets consists of costs of uncompleted contracts in excess of
related billings.

 Patents and Trademarks

   Patents and trademarks are being amortized on the straight-line method over
a period of fourteen years.

 Long-Lived Assets

   The Partnership periodically reviews its long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. The Partnership does not believe that any such changes have
taken place to date. Impairment of long-lived assets exists if, at a minimum,
the future expected cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) from
its operations are less than the carrying value of these assets. If such assets
were considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized would be measured by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the underlying
fair value of the assets. Management performed a review of its long-lived
assets and determined that no impairment of the respective carrying values had
occurred for any periods presented in these financial statements.

 Income Taxes

   The Partnership accounts for income taxes under the liability method. Under
the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based
on the differences between the financial statement and the tax basis of assets
and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts
expected to be realized.

 Comprehensive Income

   During 1999, the Partnership adopted SFAS No. 130 ("SFAS 130"), "Reporting
Comprehensive Income." SFAS 130 establishes standards for reporting and
presenting information on comprehensive income and its components (revenues,
expenses, gains, losses, and currency translation adjustments) in the financial
statements. Although the adoption of this statement resulted in additional
disclosure requirements, it did not have an effect on the Partnership's
financial position or results of operations.

 Effects of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In April 1998, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants issued
SOP 98-5, "Reporting on the Costs of Start-Up Activities." SOP 98-5 requires
costs of start-up activities and organization costs be expensed

                                     FIN-8

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

as incurred. The Partnership has accounted for start-up activities and
organization costs in accordance with SOP 98-5.

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
No. 133 ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities." SFAS 133 establishes accounting and reporting standards requiring
that every derivative instrument be recorded in the balance sheet as either an
asset or liability measured at its fair value. SFAS 133 requires that changes
in the derivative's fair value be recognized currently in earnings unless
specific hedge accounting criteria are met. SFAS 133 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 1999. In July 1999, the FASB approved SFAS No.
137, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities-Deferral of
the Effective Date of SFAS 133", which amends SFAS 133 to be effective for all
fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. As the
Partnership currently does not engage in derivative instruments or hedging
activities, adoption of this accounting principle will not have a material
impact on the Partnership's financial position or results of operations.

   In January 2000, the Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") reached a consensus
on EITF Statement No. 99-17, "Accounting of Barter Transactions," involving
non-monetary exchanges of advertising. This EITF consensus does not impact the
Partnership's operations, as the Partnership is not currently involved in any
advertising barter transactions.

3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

   Property and equipment consists of the following--

                                                       December 31,  June 30,
                                                           1999        2000
                                                       ------------ -----------
                                                                    (unaudited)

   Machinery and Equipment............................  $ 178,719    $ 178,719
   Furniture and fixtures.............................     37,776       37,776
                                                        ---------    ---------
                                                          216,495      216,495
   Less--Accumulated depreciation and amortization....   (170,112)    (188,680)
                                                        ---------    ---------
                                                        $  46,383    $  27,815
                                                        =========    =========

   Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was
$17,541 and $18,568 for the year ended December 31, 1999, and the six months
ended June 30, 2000, respectively.

4. ACCRUED EXPENSES

   Accrued expenses consists of the following--

                                                        December 31,  June 30,
                                                            1999        2000
                                                        ------------ -----------
                                                                     (unaudited)

   Accrued officer bonus...............................   $ 33,000    $    --
   Accrued salaries and wages..........................     74,631      58,892
   Accrued vacation....................................     28,759      41,212
   Accrued professional fees...........................     60,000      42,085
   Customer Deposits...................................     36,694      42,679
   Accrued 401(k) fund.................................     11,593      18,103
   Other...............................................      3,840       3,840
                                                          --------    --------
                                                          $249,147    $206,811
                                                          ========    ========

                                     FIN-9

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   In 1999 and for the six months ending June 30, 2000, the Partnership
incurred management fees of $27,083 and $12,500 to an entity controlled by two
partners of the Partnership for consulting services.

   The Partnership utilized J.H. Cohn L.P. to compile the Partnership's
financial statements. A partner of the Partnership is also a partner with J.H.
Cohn. In 1999 and for the six months ending June 30, 2000, the Partnership
incurred $18,239 and $5,000 in accounting fees to J.H. Cohn for these services.

6. INCOME TAXES

   Income from the Partnership is included in the Federal taxable income of the
separate partners in proportion to their interests. Certain items of expense
are subject to special allocation among the partners under the applicable
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code.

7. INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURE

   During 1997, the Partnership entered into a joint venture agreement (the
"Agreement") with Pylon Medical Products, Inc., which subsequently changed its
name to Baylor, Inc. ("Baylor"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Baylor
agreed to market and sell the Partnership's products in China and the
Partnership would provide equipment to Baylor in exchange for 50% of the
Baylor's revenues. During 1999, the Partnership deemed the investment to have
no future value and wrote the investment off.

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

 Operating Leases

   The Partnership has entered into two noncancellable operating leases for
operating facilities. One lease expires in September 2001. The other commenced
in January 2000 and expires in June 2002. These leases provide for minimum
annual lease payments and additional operating expense charges.

   Approximate future minimum obligations under noncancellable operating leases
are as follows--

                                                                   Total Minimum
   Year Ending                                                     Annual Lease
   December 31                                                       Payments
   -----------                                                     -------------

   2000...........................................................   $121,000
   2001...........................................................     96,000
   2002...........................................................     20,000
                                                                     --------
                                                                     $237,000
                                                                     ========

   Rent expense was approximately $83,000 and $61,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1999 and the six months ended June 30, 2000, respectively.

 Legal Proceedings

   From time to time, the Partnership may be involved in various legal
proceedings and other matters arising in the normal course of business. The
Partnership currently has no material outstanding legal proceedings.

                                     FIN-10

                            PACEART ASSOCIATES, L.P.

                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

9. PARTNERS' CAPITAL

   On January 1, 2000, the Partnership adopted the Paceart Associates, L.P.
Equity Appreciation Rights Plan (the "Plan") to motivate key employees to
assist in the continued growth and profitability of the Partnership, to reward
key employees for superior performance, and to attract new employees. All full-
time employees of the Company (other than General Partners) may become
Participants in the Plan. All participants in the Plan receive equity
appreciation rights in the form of units at fair market value. Each unit shall
be equivalent in value to a one hundredth of a percent of the outstanding
Partnership Interests. So long as the Partnership Interests are not publicly
traded, fair market value of the Partnership Interests are determined in
accordance with the valuation adopted by the Partnership. The units granted
shall vest fully on the fifth anniversary of the award date for each unit. In
the event the Partnership terminates this Plan for any reason on or before
December 31, 2000, no Participants shall be entitled to any increase in value
or other benefits under this Plan. As of June 30, 2000, there were 150 units
issued, none of which were vested. The Plan was terminated by the Partnership
on September 1, 2000.

   During the six-months ending June 30, 2000, the Partnership distributed
$343,522 in Partners' Capital to the Partners.

10. 401(k) RETIREMENT PLAN

   The Partnership maintains a 401(k) retirement plan which covers all
employees who have completed one year of service from their date of hire. The
plan requires the Partnership to make matching contribution up to 25% of the
employees' first $5,000 of salary deferral, not to exceed $1,500 annually. The
Partnership made contributions of $15,789 in 1999 and $16,061 in the six months
ended June 30, 2000.

11. SUBSEQUENT EVENT

   On September 11, 2000, the Partnership entered into an agreement to be
acquired by Data Critical Corporation for approximately $6,000,000 in cash,
300,000 shares of Data Critical Corporation common stock and an additional
earnout for an additional cash payment of $400,000 if certain conditions are
met in 2001.

                                     FIN-11

                                                                      APPENDIX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  BY AND AMONG

                           DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION

                            VIPER ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      AND

                                 VITALCOM INC.

                                  DATED AS OF

                                 March 12, 2001

                               

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

 SECTION ONE..............................................................   A-2

 1. THE MERGER............................................................   A-2

    1.1  The Merger.......................................................   A-2

    1.2  Closing; Effective Time..........................................   A-2

    1.3  Effect of the Merger.............................................   A-2

    1.4  Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.............................   A-2

    1.5  Directors and Officers...........................................   A-2

    1.6  Effect on Capital Stock..........................................   A-3

    1.7  Surrender of Certificates........................................   A-4

    1.8  No Further Ownership Rights in Target Common Stock...............   A-5

    1.9  Tax Consequences.................................................   A-6

    1.10 Accounting Treatment.............................................   A-6

    1.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.......................   A-6

    1.12 Withholding......................................................   A-6

    1.13 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates...........................   A-6

 SECTION TWO..............................................................   A-7

 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET..............................   A-7

    2.1  Organization; Subsidiaries.......................................   A-7

    2.2  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws..........................   A-7

    2.3  Capital Structure................................................   A-7

    2.4  Authority and Enforceability.....................................   A-9

    2.5  No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents......................   A-9

    2.6  SEC Filings; Target Consolidated Financial Statements............  A-10

    2.7  Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities...............................  A-10

    2.8  Absence of Certain Changes.......................................  A-11

    2.9  Litigation.......................................................  A-12

    2.10 Permits; Company Products; Regulation............................  A-12

    2.11 Title to Property................................................  A-13

    2.12 Intellectual Property............................................  A-14

    2.13 Environmental Matters............................................  A-16

    2.14 Taxes............................................................  A-17

    2.15 Employee Benefit Plans...........................................  A-19

    2.16 Employee Matters.................................................  A-20

    2.17 Material Contracts...............................................  A-21

    2.18 Books and Records................................................  A-22

    2.19 Customers and Suppliers; Warranty Obligations....................  A-22

    2.20 Interested Party Transactions....................................  A-23

                                       i

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

    2.21 Insurance........................................................  A-23

    2.22 Compliance with Laws.............................................  A-23

    2.23 Minute Books.....................................................  A-23

    2.24 Brokers' and Finders' Fees.......................................  A-23

    2.25 Statements; Joint Proxy Statements/Prospectus....................  A-23

    2.26 Board Approval...................................................  A-24

    2.27 Opinion of Financial Advisor.....................................  A-24

    2.28 Takeover Restrictions Not Applicable.............................  A-24

    2.29 Sales Pipeline...................................................  A-24

    2.30 Representations Complete.........................................  A-24

 SECTION THREE............................................................  A-25

 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR............................  A-25

    3.1  Organization; Subsidiaries.......................................  A-25

    3.2  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws..........................  A-25

    3.3  Capital Structure................................................  A-25

    3.4  Authority and Enforceability.....................................  A-26

    3.5  No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents......................  A-27

    3.6  SEC Filings; Acquiror Consolidated Financial Statements..........  A-27

    3.7  Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities...............................  A-28

    3.8  Absence of Certain Changes.......................................  A-28

    3.9  Litigation.......................................................  A-29

    3.10 Permits; Company Products; Regulation............................  A-29

    3.11 Intellectual Property............................................  A-30

    3.12 Environmental Matters............................................  A-32

    3.13 Taxes............................................................  A-33

    3.14 Employee Benefit Plans...........................................  A-34

    3.15 Employee Matters.................................................  A-36

    3.16 Certain Contracts................................................  A-36

    3.17 Customers and Suppliers; Warranty Obligations....................  A-36

    3.18 Interested Party Transactions....................................  A-37

    3.19 Insurance........................................................  A-37

    3.20 Compliance with Laws.............................................  A-37

    3.21 Brokers' and Finders' Fees.......................................  A-37

    3.22 Statements; Joint Proxy Statements/Prospectus....................  A-37

    3.23 Board Approval...................................................  A-38

    3.24 Opinion of Financial Advisor.....................................  A-38

    3.25 Valid Issuance...................................................  A-38

    3.26 DGCL Section 203.................................................  A-38

    3.27 Representations Complete.........................................  A-38

                                       ii

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

 SECTION FOUR...........................................................   A-39

 4. CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME.................................   A-39

    4.1  Conduct of Business of Target..................................   A-39

    4.2  Conduct of Business of Acquiror................................   A-41

 SECTION FIVE...........................................................   A-43

 5. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS...............................................   A-43

    5.1  Commercially Reasonable Efforts and Further Assurances.........   A-43

    5.2  Consents; Cooperation..........................................   A-43

    5.3  Access to Information..........................................   A-44

    5.4  Confidentiality................................................   A-45

    5.5  Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement; Other
         Filings........................................................   A-45

    5.6  Meeting of Target Stockholders.................................   A-46

    5.7  No Solicitation................................................   A-47

    5.8  Meeting of Acquiror Stockholders...............................   A-49

    5.9  Public Disclosure..............................................   A-50

    5.10 State Statutes.................................................   A-50

    5.11 Listing of Additional Shares...................................   A-50

    5.12 Target Affiliate Agreements....................................   A-50

    5.13 Indemnification................................................   A-51

    5.14 Filing of Form S-8.............................................   A-51

    5.15 Employment Matters.............................................   A-51

    5.16 No Inconsistent Actions........................................   A-52

    5.17 Board of Directors.............................................   A-53

    5.18 Certain Approvals..............................................   A-53

 SECTION SIX............................................................   A-54

 6. CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER............................................   A-54

    6.1  Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger...   A-54

    6.2  Additional Conditions to Obligations of Target.................   A-54

    6.3  Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Acquiror and
         MergerSub......................................................   A-55

 SECTION SEVEN..........................................................   A-58

 7. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER...................................   A-58

    7.1  Termination....................................................   A-58

    7.2  Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination...................   A-60

    7.3  Fees and Expenses..............................................   A-60

    7.4  Amendment......................................................   A-61

    7.5  Extension; Waiver..............................................   A-61

                                      iii

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

 SECTION EIGHT..........................................................  A-62

 8. GENERAL PROVISIONS..................................................  A-62

    8.1  No Survival of Representations, Warranties, Pre-Closing
         Covenants......................................................  A-62

    8.2  Notices........................................................  A-62

    8.3  Interpretation.................................................  A-62

    8.4  Counterparts...................................................  A-63

    8.5  Entire Agreement; Nonassignability; Parties in Interest........  A-63

    8.6  Severability...................................................  A-63

    8.7  Remedies Cumulative............................................  A-64

    8.8  Enforcement of Agreement.......................................  A-64

    8.9  Governing Law..................................................  A-64

    8.10 Rules of Construction..........................................  A-64

    8.11 No Personal Liability..........................................  A-64

                                       iv

                                    EXHIBITS

Exhibit A--Form of Certificate of Merger

Exhibit B--Form of Affiliate Agreement

                                       v

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   This Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of March 12, 2001, by and among Data Critical Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Acquiror"), Viper Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror ("MergerSub"), and VitalCom Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Target").

                                    RECITALS

   A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law ("Delaware Law"),
Acquiror, MergerSub and Target intend to enter into a business combination
transaction pursuant to which MergerSub will merge with and into Target (the
"Merger").

   B. The Board of Directors of Target has (i) determined that the Merger is
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Target and its
stockholders and has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) recommended the approval
of this Agreement by the stockholders of Target.

   C. The Board of Directors of Acquiror has (i) determined that the Merger is
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, Acquiror and its
stockholders and has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) recommended the approval
of the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock (as defined below) in
the Merger by the stockholders of Acquiror. The Board of Directors of MergerSub
has determined that the Merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best
interests of, MergerSub and its sole stockholder and has approved this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. The sole stockholder of MergerSub has approved this Agreement.

   D. Target, MergerSub and Acquiror each desire to make certain
representations and warranties and other agreements in connection with the
Merger.

   E. The parties intend, by executing this Agreement (i) to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), (ii) to cause the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization under the provisions of Section 368 of the Code, and (iii) that
the Merger be accounted for as a purchase for financial reporting purposes.

   F. In order to induce Acquiror and MergerSub to enter into this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, concurrently
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, certain holders of voting
capital stock of Target are entering into voting agreements and proxies with
Acquiror (the "Target Voting Agreements").

                                      A-1

                                   AGREEMENT

   The parties hereby agree as follows. To the extent not otherwise defined
herein, all capitalized terms and other recurrent words or phrases shall have
the meanings and interpretations set forth in Section 8.3.

                                  SECTION ONE

1. The Merger.

   1.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined below) and subject to and
upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Certificate of Merger") and the applicable
provisions of Delaware Law, MergerSub shall be merged with and into Target, the
separate corporate existence of MergerSub shall cease and Target shall continue
as the surviving corporation of the Merger. Target as the surviving corporation
after the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Surviving
Corporation."

   1.2 Closing; Effective Time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place as soon as practicable, and in
no event later than three (3) business days, after the satisfaction or waiver
of all of the conditions set forth in Section 6 or at such other time as the
parties agree (the "Closing Date"). In connection with the Closing, the parties
shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing the Certificate of Merger,
together with any required officers' certificates, with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Secretary"), in accordance with the
relevant provisions of Delaware Law (the time of such filing being the
"Effective Time"). The Closing shall take place at the offices of Orrick,
Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, 719 Second Avenue, Suite 900, Seattle, Washington
98104, or at such other location as the parties agree. If the Delaware
Secretary requires any changes in the Certificate of Merger as a condition to
filing or issuing a certificate to the effect that the Merger is effective,
Acquiror, MergerSub and Target will execute any necessary revisions
incorporating such changes, provided such changes are not inconsistent with and
do not result in any material change in the terms of this Agreement.

   1.3 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger
shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the
applicable provisions of Delaware Law. At the Effective Time, all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of MergerSub shall vest in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of MergerSub shall
become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

   1.4 Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.

     (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of MergerSub
  (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), as in effect immediately prior to the
  Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
  Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by Delaware Law and such
  Certificate of Incorporation.

     (b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of MergerSub, as in effect
  immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the
  Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by Delaware Law,
  the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such
  Bylaws.

   1.5 Directors and Officers. At the Effective Time, the directors and
officers of Target shall resign and the directors of MergerSub immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving orporation,
and the officers of MergerSub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the officers of the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their respective
successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

                                      A-2

   1.6 Effect on Capital Stock. By virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Acquiror, Target or MergerSub or any of their respective
stockholders, the following shall occur at the Effective Time:

     (a) Conversion of MergerSub Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock of
  MergerSub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
  shall be converted into one share of Common Stock of the Surviving
  Corporation (the "Surviving Corporation Common Stock").

     (b) Conversion of Target Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock, par
  value $0.001 per share, of Target (the "Target Common Stock") issued and
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to
  be cancelled pursuant to Section 1.6(c)) shall be automatically converted
  into 0.62 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Acquiror
  (the "Acquiror Common Stock") (such ratio of exchange being the "Exchange
  Ratio"). All shares of Target Common Stock, when so converted, shall no
  longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and
  shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any
  such shares of Target Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with
  respect thereto, except the right to receive the shares of Acquiror Common
  Stock therefor and/or, to the extent provided herein or required under
  Delaware law, cash, in each case upon the surrender of such certificate in
  accordance with Section 1.7 and without interest.

     (c) Cancellation of Target Common Stock Owned by Acquiror or Target. At
  the Effective Time, all shares of Target Common Stock that are owned by
  Target as treasury stock and all shares of Target Common Stock owned by
  Acquiror or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror or
  of Target immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and
  extinguished without any conversion thereof.

     (d) Target Stock Options.

       (i) All options to purchase Target Common Stock issued and
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time under the Target
    1996 Stock Option Plan (the "1996 Plan"), the Target 1996 Director
    Option Plan (the "Director Plan") and the Target 1993 Stock Option
    Plan, as amended and restated as of April 1997, December 1997 and June
    1999 (the "1993 Plan" and, together with the 1996 Plan and the Director
    Plan, the "Target Stock Option Plans"), and the Target Stock Option
    Plans, shall be assumed by Acquiror at the Effective Time (the options
    being assumed being referred to as the "Assumed Options") (it being
    understood that notwithstanding the assumption of the Assumed Options,
    Acquiror shall not be required to issue more shares pursuant to the
    exercise of the Assumed Options than are currently reserved under the
    Target Stock Option Plans, as such reserve shall be adjusted based on
    the Exchange Ratio). Upon the Effective Time, the Director Plan shall
    be terminated without further action required on the part of Acquiror
    or Target.

       (ii) At the Effective Time, the Assumed Options shall, by virtue of
    the Merger and without any further action at such time on the part of
    Target or the holder thereof, be assumed by Acquiror in accordance with
    this Section 1.6(d). Each such Assumed Option shall continue to have,
    and be subject to, the same terms and conditions set forth in the
    respective Target Stock Option Plan and any applicable stock option
    agreement immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that such
    Assumed Option shall be converted to an option that (A) will be
    exercisable for that number of whole shares of Acquiror Common Stock
    equal to the product of the number of shares of Target Common Stock
    that were issuable upon exercise of such Assumed Option immediately
    prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Exchange Ratio and
    rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Acquiror Common
    Stock and (B) the per share exercise price for the shares of Acquiror
    Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Assumed Option will be
    equal to the quotient determined by dividing the exercise price per
    share of Target Common Stock at which such Assumed Option was
    exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Exchange
    Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

                                      A-3

       (iii) It is the intention of the parties that, to the extent
    practicable, the Assumed Options shall qualify following the Effective
    Time as incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code
    to the extent such Assumed Options qualified as incentive stock options
    immediately prior to the Effective Time. As soon as practicable after
    the Effective Time, Acquiror will issue to each person who, immediately
    prior to the Effective Time was a holder of an Assumed Option, a
    written document evidencing the foregoing assumption and conversion of
    such Assumed Options by Acquiror pursuant to this Section 1.6(d).

       (iv) Other than the Assumed Options, all options, warrants, calls,
    rights, commitments, agreements or arrangements of any character to
    which Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party or by which Target or
    any Target Subsidiary is bound relating to the issued or unissued
    capital stock of Target or any Target Subsidiary or obligating Target
    or any Target Subsidiary to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem,
    or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any
    shares of capital stock of Target or any Target Subsidiary or
    obligating Target or any Target Subsidiary to grant, extend, accelerate
    the vesting of, change the price of, or otherwise amend or enter into
    any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement, shall
    terminate as of the Effective Time.

     (e) Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Pursuant to the terms and conditions
  of the Target 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Target ESPP" and,
  together with the Target Stock Option Plans, the "Target Equity Plans"),
  Target's Board of Directors shall cause the offering period currently in
  effect as of the date hereof to be the last such offering period under the
  Target ESPP. All rights to purchase shares of Target Common Stock under the
  Target ESPP ("Purchase Rights") shall be exercised at the end of such
  offering period or the holders of such Purchase Rights shall otherwise
  withdraw from the Target ESPP in accordance with the terms thereof.

     (f) Adjustments. The Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to reflect fully
  the effect of any forward stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend
  (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into
  Acquiror Common Stock or Target Common Stock), reorganization,
  recapitalization or other like change with respect to Acquiror Common Stock
  or Target Common Stock occurring or having a record date after the date of
  this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time.

     (g) Fractional Shares. No fraction of a share of Acquiror Common Stock
  will be issued, but in lieu thereof each holder of shares of Target Common
  Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Acquiror
  Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Acquiror Common
  Stock to be received by such holder) shall receive from Acquiror an amount
  of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) equal to the product of (i)
  such fraction, multiplied by (ii) the average of the last reported sales
  prices of the Acquiror Common Stock for the twenty (20) consecutive trading
  days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

     (h) Unvested/Restricted Shares. If any shares of Target Common Stock
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are
  subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under
  any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with
  Target, then the shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued in exchange for
  such shares of Target Common Stock will also be unvested and subject to the
  same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition and the
  certificates representing such shares of Acquiror Common Stock may
  accordingly be marked with appropriate legends. Target shall take all steps
  necessary to assign such rights of repurchase to Acquiror with respect to
  such shares.

   1.7 Surrender of Certificates.

     (a) Exchange Agent. Mellon Investor Services, LLC shall act as exchange
  agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the Merger.

                                      A-4

     (b) Acquiror to Provide Common Stock and Cash. Promptly after the
  Effective Time, Acquiror shall make available to the Exchange Agent for
  exchange in accordance with this Section 1, through such reasonable
  procedures as Acquiror may adopt, (i) the shares of Acquiror Common Stock
  issuable pursuant to Section 1.6(b) and (ii) cash in an amount sufficient
  to permit payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section
  1.6(g).

     (c) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time, the
  Surviving Corporation shall cause to be mailed to each holder of record of
  a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates") that immediately prior
  to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Target Common
  Stock, the shares of which were converted into shares of Acquiror Common
  Stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) pursuant to Section 1.6, (i)
  a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
  effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only
  upon receipt of the Certificates by the Exchange Agent, and shall be in
  such customary form and have such other customary provisions as Acquiror
  may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the
  surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates representing
  shares of Acquiror Common Stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares).
  Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or
  to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Acquiror, together
  with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in
  accordance with the instructions thereto, the holder of such Certificate
  shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a certificate
  representing the number of whole shares of Acquiror Common Stock and
  payment in lieu of fractional shares that such holder has the right to
  receive pursuant to Section 1.6, and the Certificate so surrendered shall
  forthwith be cancelled. Until so surrendered, each Certificate will be
  deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to
  evidence the ownership of the number of full shares of Acquiror Common
  Stock into which such shares of Target Common Stock shall have been so
  converted and the right to receive an amount in cash in lieu of the
  issuance of any fractional shares in accordance with Section 1.6.

     (d) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
  Section 1.7, none of the Exchange Agent, Acquiror, the Surviving
  Corporation or any party hereto shall be liable to any person for any
  amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to any applicable
  abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

     (e) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or
  other distributions with respect to Acquiror Common Stock with a record
  date on or after the Effective Time will be paid to the holder of any
  unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the shares of Acquiror Common
  Stock represented thereby until the holder of record of such Certificate
  shall surrender such Certificate. Subject to applicable law, following
  surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be paid to the record holder
  of the certificate representing whole shares of Acquiror Common Stock
  issued in exchange therefor, without interest, at the time of such
  surrender, the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with a
  record date on or after the Effective Time, payable (but for the provisions
  of this Section 1.7(e)) with respect to such shares of Acquiror Common
  Stock.

     (f) Transfers of Ownership. If any certificate for shares of Acquiror
  Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the
  Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a
  condition of such issuance that the Certificate so surrendered will be
  properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the
  person requesting such exchange will have paid to Acquiror or any agent
  designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
  issuance of a certificate for shares of Acquiror Common Stock in any name
  other than that of the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or
  established to the satisfaction of Acquiror or any agent designated by it
  that such tax has been paid or is not payable.

   1.8 No Further Ownership Rights in Target Common Stock. All shares of
Acquiror Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of shares of
Target Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof (including any cash
paid in lieu of fractional shares) shall be deemed to have been issued in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Target Common Stock,
and there shall be no further registration of

                                      A-5

transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Target
Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for any reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided
in this Section 1.

   1.9 Tax Consequences. It is intended by the parties that the Merger shall
constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. The
parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization" within the
meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States Income Tax
Regulations. Each party hereto and its affiliates agree to treat the Merger as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. Each party has
consulted with its own tax advisors with regard to the tax consequences of the
Merger.

   1.10 Accounting Treatment. For accounting purposes, the business combination
to be affected by the Merger is intended to be treated as a purchase.

   1.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If at any time after the
Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers
and franchises of Target, Target agrees that the officers and directors of
Target are fully authorized in the name of Target or otherwise to take, and
will take, all such lawful and necessary action, so long as such action is not
inconsistent with this Agreement.

   1.12 Withholding. Acquiror shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of
shares of Target Common Stock such amounts as it is required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any
provision of applicable state, local or foreign tax laws. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld by Acquiror, such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to such holder in respect of
which such deduction and withholding was made.

   1.13 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificates
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in
exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, such shares of Acquiror Common
Stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) as may be required pursuant to
Section 1.6; provided, however, that Acquiror may, in its discretion and as a
condition precedent to such issuance, require the owner of such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as Acquiror may reasonably
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against Acquiror or the
Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost,
stolen or destroyed.

                                      A-6

                                  SECTION TWO

2. Representations and Warranties of Target.

     (i) Except as disclosed with appropriate Section references in a
  document dated as of the date of this Agreement and delivered by Target to
  Acquiror prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Target
  Disclosure Schedule"), each of which exceptions shall be deemed to relate
  to and to qualify only the particular representation or warranty set forth
  in the corresponding Section reference, and which shall be deemed to be a
  representation and warranty as if set forth fully herein, and (ii) in order
  to induce Acquiror and MergerSub to enter into and perform this Agreement
  and the other agreements and certificates that are required to be completed
  and executed pursuant to this Agreement, Target represents and warrants to
  Acquiror and MergerSub as follows in this Section 2:

   2.1 Organization; Subsidiaries.

     (a) Target and each Subsidiary of Target ("Target Subsidiary"), if any,
  (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
  (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws
  of its jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) has the requisite corporate or
  other power and authority and all necessary government approvals to own,
  lease and operate its assets and property and to carry on its business as
  now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted, and (iii) is duly
  qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in
  good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize such concept),
  in each jurisdiction set forth in Section 2.1 of the Target Disclosure
  Schedule, which jurisdictions are the only jurisdictions where the
  character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
  of its business makes such qualification or licensing necessary (except to
  the extent that failure to qualify as a foreign corporation in any such
  jurisdiction will not have a Material Adverse Effect).

     (b) A true and complete list of all Target Subsidiaries is set forth in
  Section 2.1 of the Target Disclosure Schedule. Target is the owner of all
  outstanding shares of capital stock of each Target Subsidiary and all such
  shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
  All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each Target Subsidiary
  are owned by Target free and clear of all liens, charges, claims,
  encumbrances or rights of others. There are no outstanding subscriptions,
  options, warrants, puts, calls, rights, exchangeable or convertible
  securities or other commitments or agreements of any character relating to
  the issued or unissued capital stock or other securities of any Target
  Subsidiary, or otherwise obligating Target or any Target Subsidiary to
  issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any such
  securities. All outstanding shares of capital stock of each Target
  Subsidiary were issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state
  securities laws.

     (c) Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary directly or indirectly owns
  any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
  exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in, any
  corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
  business association or entity (other than Target's ownership of the Target
  Subsidiaries).

   2.2 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Target has delivered to
Acquiror a true and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws
and other charter documents, as applicable, of Target and each Target
Subsidiary, each as amended to date and as currently in force full and effect.
Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary is in violation of any of the
provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or equivalent
organizational documents.

   2.3 Capital Structure.

     (a) The authorized capital stock of Target consists of (i) Twenty-Five
  Million (25,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share, of
  which there were Eight Million, Ninety-Eight Thousand, Nine Hundred Three
  (8,098,903) shares issued and outstanding and One Hundred Ninety-Six
  Thousand, Thirty-Four (196,034) shares in treasury as of the close of
  business on December 31, 2000, and (ii) Five Million (5,000,000) shares of
  Preferred Stock (the "Target Preferred Stock" and, together with

                                      A-7

  the Target Common Stock, the "Target Stock"), of which no shares are issued
  and outstanding. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no other
  outstanding shares of capital stock or voting securities of Target and no
  outstanding commitments to issue any shares of capital stock or voting
  securities of Target other than pursuant to the exercise of options and
  Purchase Rights outstanding as of the date hereof under the Target Equity
  Plans.

     (b) All outstanding shares of Target Common Stock are duly authorized,
  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are free of any liens or
  encumbrances other than any liens or encumbrances created by or imposed
  upon the holders thereof, and are not subject to preemptive rights or
  rights of first refusal created by statute, the Certificate of
  Incorporation or the Bylaws of Target or any agreement to which Target is a
  party or by which it is bound. All outstanding shares of Target Common
  Stock and Target Preferred Stock were issued in compliance with all
  applicable federal and state securities laws.

     (c) As of February 16, 2001, Target had reserved (i) Two Million, Three
  Hundred Thirty-Nine Thousand, Eight Hundred Eighty-Five (2,339,885) shares
  of Target Common Stock for issuance to employees and consultants pursuant
  to the 1993 Plan, (ii) One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares of Target
  Common Stock for issuance to employees and consultants pursuant to the 1996
  Plan, (iii) Sixty-Thousand (60,000) shares of Target Common Stock under the
  Directors Option Plan, (iv) Four Hundred Fifty Thousand (450,000) shares of
  Target Common Stock for issuance to employees pursuant to the Target ESPP,
  and (v) Twenty Thousand (20,000) shares of Target Common Stock for issuance
  upon exercise of out-of-plan stock options. Between September 30, 2000 and
  the date of this Agreement, Target has not issued any additional shares or
  granted any additional options under the Target Equity Plans or other
  rights to purchase or receive appreciation or compensation in respect of or
  in relation to Target Stock. Section 2.3 of the Target Disclosure Schedule
  sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement, the number of outstanding
  options to purchase Target Common Stock, the maximum number of shares of
  Target Common Stock subject to Purchase Rights under the Target ESPP, and
  all other rights to acquire shares of Target Common Stock pursuant to the
  Target Equity Plans and the applicable exercise and/or purchase prices.
  Section 2.3 of the Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
  complete list as of the date of this Agreement of all holders of (i)
  outstanding options under each of the Target Stock Option Plans, including
  the number of shares of Target Common Stock subject to each such option,
  the exercise or vesting schedule, the exercise price per share and the term
  of each such option, (ii) outstanding Purchase Rights under the Target
  ESPP, including the number of shares of Target Common Stock subject to each
  such Purchase Right, the next exercise date and the purchase price per
  share. On the Closing Date, Target shall deliver to Acquiror an updated
  Section 2.3 of the Target Disclosure Schedule that contains information of
  the type referred to in the preceding sentence that is current as of a date
  as close to the Closing Date as is reasonably practicable. All outstanding
  options to purchase Target Common Stock have been duly authorized by the
  Target Board of Directors or a committee thereof, are validly issued, and
  were issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
  laws.

     (d) Target has not taken any action that would result in the accelerated
  vesting, exercisability or payment of any options to purchase Target Common
  Stock as a consequence of the execution of, or consummation of the
  transactions contemplated by, this Agreement. The Merger will not
  accelerate the vesting, exercisability or payment of Assumed Options or the
  shares of Acquiror Common Stock that will be subject to those options upon
  Acquiror's assumption of the Assumed Options in the Merger.

     (e) Except (i) for the rights created pursuant to this Agreement and
  (ii) for or with respect to rights granted under the Target Equity Plans,
  as of the date of this Agreement there are no options, warrants, calls,
  rights, commitments, agreements or arrangements of any character to which
  Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party or by which Target or any Target
  Subsidiary is bound relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of
  Target or any Target Subsidiary or obligating Target or any Target
  Subsidiary to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem, or cause to be
  issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any shares of capital
  stock of Target or any Target Subsidiary or obligating Target or any Target
  Subsidiary to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price
  of, or otherwise amend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right,
  commitment or agreement.

                                      A-8

     (f) As of the date of this Agreement, there are no contracts,
  commitments or agreements relating to rights of refusal, co-sale rights or
  registration rights granted by Target with respect to any shares of Target
  capital stock.

     (g) As of the date of this Agreement, there are no contracts,
  commitments or agreements relating to voting of Target's capital stock (i)
  between or among Target and any of its stockholders and (ii) to the
  knowledge of Target, between or among any of Target's stockholders or
  between or among any of Target's stockholders and any third party, except
  for the stockholders delivering Irrevocable Proxies (as defined below).
  True and complete copies of all Target Stock Option Plans and forms of
  stock option agreements thereunder have been made available to Acquiror and
  such Target Stock Option Plans and agreements have not been amended,
  modified or supplemented, and there are no agreements to amend, modify or
  supplement such Target Stock Option Plans and agreements in any case from
  the form publicly filed by Target on or prior to February 8, 2001.

   2.4 Authority and Enforceability. Target has all requisite corporate power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, subject solely in the case of consummation of the Merger
to the adoption of this Agreement by Target's stockholders. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by Target of the transactions
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of Target, subject solely in the case of consummation of the Merger
to the adoption of this Agreement by Target's stockholders and the filing of
the Certificate of Merger pursuant to Delaware Law. The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Target Common Stock outstanding on the
record date set for the Target Stockholders' Meeting (as defined in Section
2.25), is the only vote of the holders of any of Target's capital stock
necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated
hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Target and,
assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Acquiror and MergerSub,
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Target enforceable against
Target in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be
limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar
laws, both state and federal, affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights or
remedies in general as from time to time in effect or (b) the exercise by
courts of equity powers.

   2.5 No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents.

     (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target does not, and
  the consummation by Target of the transactions contemplated hereby will
  not, conflict with, or result in a violation of, any provision of the
  Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Target or any Target Subsidiary,
  as amended to date and as currently in full force and effect. The execution
  and delivery of this Agreement by Target does not, and the consummation by
  Target of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or
  result in a material violation of, or material default under (with or
  without notice or lapse of time, or both), or give rise to a right of
  termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any
  material benefit under, any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other
  agreement or instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment,
  order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to
  Target or any Target Subsidiary or any of their properties or assets.
  Section 2.5 of the Target Disclosure Schedule lists all consents, waivers
  and approvals under any of Target's or any of the Target Subsidiaries'
  agreements, contracts, licenses, leases or other obligations in effect as
  of the date of this Agreement required to be obtained in connection with
  the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
  declaration or filing with, any court, administrative agency, self-
  regulatory body, securities exchange, commission or other governmental or
  quasi-governmental authority or instrumentality, foreign or domestic
  ("Governmental Entity"), is required to be obtained or made, at or prior to
  the Effective Time, by or with respect to Target or any Target Subsidiary
  in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target
  or the consummation by Target of the transactions contemplated hereby,
  except for (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger as provided in
  Section 1.2, (ii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations,
  registrations,

                                      A-9

  declarations and filings as may be required under the Securities Exchange
  Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), the Securities Act of 1933,
  as amended (the "Securities Act"), applicable state securities laws and the
  securities (or related) laws of any foreign country, including the filing
  of a Form S-4 (or any similar successor form thereto) Registration
  Statement (the "Registration Statement") with the Securities and Exchange
  Commission ("SEC") in accordance with the Securities Act, and (iii) such
  filings as may be required under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.
  Target acknowledges and agrees that no filings are required under the Hart-
  Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR
  Act"), and the antitrust laws of any foreign country.

   2.6 SEC Filings; Target Consolidated Financial Statements.

     (a) Target has filed all forms, reports, schedules, statements,
  shareholder communications and other documents required to be filed by it
  with the SEC on and after its initial public offering on February 14, 1996
  (collectively, the "Target SEC Reports"), and has previously made available
  (including via the SEC Edgar system) to Acquiror all such Target SEC
  Reports. Target has also made available to Acquiror complete (i.e.
  unredacted) copies of each exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
  Target for the year ended December 31, 1999 and any quarterly report and
  Form 8-K filed with the SEC thereafter and prior to the date of this
  Agreement. As of their respective dates, the Target SEC Reports (i) were or
  will be prepared in all material respects in accordance with the
  requirements of the Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act, as the case may
  be, and the rules and regulations thereunder, (ii) did not at the time they
  were filed, or will not at the time they are filed, contain any untrue
  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
  be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made
  therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
  misleading, and (iii) did not at the time they were filed, or will not at
  the time they are filed, omit any documents required to be filed as
  exhibits thereto. As of their respective dates, the Target SEC Reports
  complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations
  and mandatory policies of the Nasdaq, in each case with respect thereto.

     (b) No Target Subsidiary is required to file any form, report or other
  document with the SEC.

     (c) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each
  case, any notes thereto) contained in the Target SEC Reports (collectively,
  the "Target Financials") was or will be prepared in accordance with the
  United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on
  a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be
  indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presented or will fairly
  present the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
  flows of Target and all Target Subsidiaries as of the respective dates
  thereof and for the respective periods indicated therein in accordance with
  GAAP (subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to normal and
  recurring year-end adjustments and the absence of certain footnote
  disclosures). Target's revenue recognition policies have been formulated
  and administered in accordance with GAAP, including but not limited to SAB
  101 and AICPA Statement of Position 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition,"
  and such revenue recognition policies have been thoroughly reviewed and
  approved without modification or recommendation by Target's certified
  public accountants.

     (d) Target has previously furnished to Acquiror complete and correct
  copies of all amendments and modifications that have not been filed by
  Target with the SEC to all agreements, documents and other instruments that
  previously had been filed by Target with the SEC and are currently in
  effect.

   2.7 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.

     (a) Except as and to the extent set forth on the consolidated balance
  sheet of Target and the Target Subsidiaries for the period ended September
  30, 2000 (such consolidated balance sheet, the "Target Balance Sheet" and
  such date, the "Target Balance Sheet Date"), neither Target nor any Target
  Subsidiary (i) had as of the Target Balance Sheet Date, or (ii) currently
  has, in each case any liability or obligation of any nature (whether
  accrued, absolute, matured or unmatured, fixed, contingent or otherwise)
  that would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet prepared in
  accordance with GAAP, except for liabilities and

                                      A-10

  obligations disclosed in any Target SEC Report filed since the Target
  Balance Sheet Date and prior to the date hereof or incurred in the ordinary
  course of business consistent with past practice.

     (b) Since December 31, 1999 (i) there has not been, not occurred and not
  arisen any change in accounting methods or practices (including any change
  in depreciation or amortization policies or rates, any change in policies
  in making or reversing accruals, or any change in capitalization of
  software development costs) by Target or any revaluation by Target of any
  of its or any of its Subsidiaries' assets, except as required by GAAP or
  the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC (the "Target Accounting
  Practice"), and (ii) the Target Balance Sheet was prepared in accordance
  and consistent with the Target Accounting Practice.

   2.8 Absence of Certain Changes. Except as disclosed in Target SEC Reports
filed prior to February 8, 2001, since the Target Balance Sheet Date, there has
not been, not occurred and not arisen any:

     (a) amendments or changes to the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
  of Target or any Target Subsidiary;

     (b) capital expenditure or commitment by Target or any Target Subsidiary
  in any individual amount exceeding $100,000 or, in the aggregate, exceeding
  $500,000;

     (c) destruction of, damage to, or loss of any assets (including
  intangible assets), business or customer of Target or any Target
  Subsidiary, except to the extent covered by insurance and except for such
  as would not, individually or in the aggregate exceed $100,000;

     (d) write down of any asset of Target or any Target Subsidiary;

     (e) declaration, setting aside or payment of a dividend or other
  distribution in respect to the capital stock of Target, or any direct or
  indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition by Target of any of its
  capital stock;

     (f) except as permitted pursuant to Section 4.1(k) below, (i) increase
  in the salary or other compensation payable or to become payable by Target
  or any Target Subsidiary to any of its respective officers or directors,
  (ii) increase in the salary or other compensation payable or to become
  payable by Target or any Target Subsidiary to any of its respective
  employees, (iii) the declaration, payment or commitment or obligation of
  any kind for the payment by Target or any Target Subsidiary of a bonus or
  other additional salary or compensation to any such person, except as
  otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, (iv) other than as set forth in
  Section 2.15, the establishment of any bonus, insurance, deferred
  compensation, pension, retirement, profit-sharing, stock option (including
  the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights or performance
  awards), stock purchase or other employee benefit plan, (v) payment of
  severance, acceleration of options, or special arrangement or benefit not
  offered to all employees generally, or (vi) any agreement, contract,
  arrangement or understanding in respect of any of the foregoing;

     (g) sale, lease, license or other disposition of any of the assets or
  properties of Target or any Target Subsidiary, other than the sale of
  inventory or services in the ordinary course of business consistent with
  past practice;

     (h) entering into or termination or amendment of any material contract,
  agreement or license (including any distribution agreement) to which Target
  or any Target Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound, or any
  customer contract or customer account for which such customer accounts for
  a material portion of the business or revenue of Target or any Target
  Subsidiary (each, a "Material Customer") (for purposes hereof, a material
  portion of business or revenues shall mean at least 3% of Target's
  consolidated revenues and "Material Customer" shall in any event include
  Quinton Instrument Company, Datascope Corporation, Nellcor Puritan Bennett
  Inc., Masimo Corp., Protocol Systems, Inc. (a.k.a. Welch Allyn), Nihon
  Kohden, Inc., and Critikon, Inc.);

                                      A-11

     (i) (i) loan by Target or any Target Subsidiary to any person or entity,
  or guaranty by Target or any Target Subsidiary of any loan, in excess of
  $25,000, except for relocation, travel or similar advances made to
  employees in connection with their employment duties in the ordinary course
  of business, consistent with past practices and trade payables not in
  excess of $100,000 in the aggregate that are incurred in the ordinary
  course of business, consistent with past practices, or (ii) the forgiveness
  or cancellation of any loans, indebtedness or other obligations owed to
  Target or any Target Subsidiary;

     (j) waiver or release of any right or claim of Target or any Subsidiary,
  in excess of $25,000 individually or $100,000 in the aggregate;

     (k) notice of any claim of ownership by a third party of Target
  Intellectual Property (as defined below) or of infringement by Target or
  any Target Subsidiary of any Third Party Intellectual Property Rights (as
  defined below);

     (l) change in pricing or royalties set or charged by Target or any
  Target Subsidiary to its customers or licensees or in pricing or royalties
  set or charged by persons who have licensed Intellectual Property to Target
  or any Target Subsidiary;

     (m) event or condition of any character that has had or would reasonably
  be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target or the Surviving
  Corporation; or

     (n) agreement by Target or any Target Subsidiary or any officer or
  employee of either on behalf of such entity to do any of the things
  described in the preceding clauses (a) through (n) (other than negotiations
  with Acquiror and its representatives regarding the transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement).

   2.9 Litigation. There is no private or governmental action, suit, proceeding
or arbitration (or to the knowledge of Target, a governmental, administrative
or regulatory investigation or inquiry) pending before any agency, commission,
association, court or tribunal, foreign or domestic, or, to the knowledge of
Target, threatened, against Target or any Target Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties or any of their respective officers or directors (in
their capacities as such) which is reasonably likely to result in an injunction
or damages payable by Target or any Target Subsidiary in excess of $100,000.
There is no judgment, decree or order against Target or any Target Subsidiary
or any of their respective directors or officers (in their capacities as such)
that would reasonably be expected to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All litigation to which Target or
any Target Subsidiary is a party (or, to the knowledge of Target, is threatened
to become a party), is set forth in Section 2.9 of the Target Disclosure
Schedule.

   2.10 Permits; Company Products; Regulation.

     (a) Each of Target and each Target Subsidiary is in possession of all
  material franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements,
  variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, approvals (including,
  without limitation, Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") approvals,
  licenses and permits, and any rights to use radio, television and other
  medium frequencies on a licensed or unlicensed basis) and orders necessary
  for Target or such Target Subsidiary to own, lease and operate its
  properties or to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (the
  "Target Authorizations"), and no suspension, cancellation or substantial
  modification of any Target Authorization is pending or, to the knowledge of
  Target, threatened. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary is in conflict
  with, or in default or violation of, (i) any laws applicable to Target or
  any Target Subsidiary or by which any material property or asset of Target
  or any Target Subsidiary is bound or affected, (ii) any Target
  Authorization or (iii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
  agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
  obligation to which Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party or by which
  Target or any Target Subsidiary or any property or asset of Target or any
  Target Subsidiary is bound or affected, except solely with respect to
  clauses (i) and (ii) to the extent that any such conflict, default or
  violation would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Target.

                                      A-12

     (b) Except as disclosed in the Target SEC Reports filed prior to
  February 8, 2001, since January 1, 1998, Target has not received any
  written notices, citations or decisions by any governmental or regulatory
  body that any material product developed, produced, manufactured, marketed
  or distributed at any time by Target or any Target Subsidiary (the
  "Products") is defective or fails to meet any applicable standards
  promulgated by any such governmental or regulatory body. Target and each
  Target Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with the laws,
  regulations, policies, procedures and specifications with respect to the
  development, design, manufacture, labeling, testing and inspection of the
  Products and the operation of manufacturing facilities promulgated by the
  FDA. Since January 1, 1998, there have been no recalls, field notifications
  or seizures ordered or, to the knowledge of Target, threatened by any such
  governmental or regulatory body with respect to any of the Products. Except
  as disclosed in the Target SEC Reports filed prior to February 8, 2001,
  since January 1, 1998, neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has
  received a warning letter or Section 305 notice from the FDA.

     (c) Target has obtained, in all countries where either Target or a
  Target Subsidiary or any alliance partner thereof is manufacturing or
  marketing the Products, all applicable licenses, registrations, approvals,
  clearances and authorizations required by local, state or federal agencies
  (including the FDA) in such countries regulating the safety, effectiveness
  and market clearance of the Products currently manufactured or marketed by
  Target or any Target Subsidiary or any corporate partner or sublicensee
  thereof in such countries. Target has made available for examination by
  Acquiror all information relating to regulation of the Products, including
  licenses, registrations, approvals, permits, device listings, inspections,
  recalls and product actions, audits and ongoing field tests and clinical
  studies.

     (d) To the knowledge of Target, there have been no adverse events in any
  field tests or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of Target, any
  Target Subsidiary or any alliance partner or sublicensee of any of them, of
  such a nature that would be required to be reported to any applicable
  regulatory authority that have not been so reported to such authority.

     (e) There is no judgment, injunction, pronouncement, order or decree
  which has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting
  or materially impairing any current or future business practice of Target
  or any Target Subsidiary, any acquisition of property by Target or any
  Target Subsidiary or the overall conduct of business by Target or any
  Target Subsidiary as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted by
  Target or by any Target Subsidiary. Neither Target nor any Target
  Subsidiary has entered into any agreement under which Target or any Target
  Subsidiary is restricted from selling, licensing or otherwise distributing
  any of its products to any class of customers, in any geographic area,
  during any period of time or in any segment of the market.

     (f) Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has made any sales to
  customers that are contingent upon providing future enhancements of
  existing products, to add features not presently available on existing
  Products or to otherwise enhance the performance of its existing Products
  (other than beta or similar arrangements pursuant to which Target's
  customers from time to time test or evaluate products). The Products that
  Target and each Target Subsidiary have delivered to customers substantially
  comply with published specifications for such products and neither Target
  nor any Target Subsidiary has received material complaints from customers
  about its products that remain unresolved. Section 2.10(f) of the Target
  Disclosure Schedule accurately sets forth a complete list of products in
  development (exclusive of mere enhancements to and additional features for
  existing Products).

   2.11 Title to Property.

     (a) Target and each Target Subsidiary has good and marketable title to
  all of its respective material properties, material interests in properties
  and material assets, real and personal, reflected in the Target Balance
  Sheet or acquired after the Target Balance Sheet Date (except properties,
  interests in properties and assets sold or otherwise disposed of since the
  Target Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business consistent
  with past practice), or with respect to leased properties and assets, valid
  leasehold interests in such leased properties and assets, free and clear of
  all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or encumbrances of any kind or
  character, except (i) liens related to current taxes not yet due and
  payable,

                                      A-13

  and (ii) such imperfections of title, liens and easements as do not and
  will not detract from or interfere with the use of the properties subject
  thereto or affected thereby, or otherwise impair business operations
  involving such properties. The plants, property and equipment of Target and
  the Target Subsidiaries that are used in the operations of their businesses
  are in good operating condition and repair. All properties used in the
  operations of Target and the Target Subsidiaries are reflected in the
  Target Balance Sheet to the extent GAAP requires the same to be reflected.
  Section 2.11(a) of the Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true,
  correct and complete list of all real property owned or leased by Target
  and by each Target Subsidiary. Such leases are in good standing and are
  valid and effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is
  not under any such leases any existing default or event of default (or
  event that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a
  default). True and correct copies of all such leases, together with all
  amendments and modifications thereto, have been filed in SEC Reports prior
  to February 8, 2001.

     (b) All equipment owned or leased by Target and the Target Subsidiaries
  (the "Equipment") is, taken as a whole, (i) adequate for the conduct of
  Target's business, consistent with its past practice, and (ii) in good
  operating condition (except for ordinary wear and tear).

   2.12 Intellectual Property.

     (a) Target and the Target Subsidiaries each owns all right, title and
  interest in and to all patents and patent applications and all registered
  trademarks and service marks, and applications therefor, and all domain
  names set forth on Section 2.12(b)(i) of the Target Disclosure Schedule
  ("Target Registered Intellectual Property") and all unregistered
  trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, domain names,
  service marks, copyrights, net lists, schematics, industrial models,
  inventions, technology, know-how, trade secrets, ideas, algorithms,
  processes, computer software programs or applications (in both source code
  and object code form), and other intangible proprietary information or
  material "Target Unregistered Intellectual Property") that are used in the
  business of Target or any Target Subsidiary as currently conducted by
  Target or any Target Subsidiary, including Target Third-Party Intellectual
  Property Rights (as such term is defined below) (collectively, the Target
  Registered Intellectual Property and the Target Unregistered Intellectual
  Property comprises the "Target Intellectual Property").

     (b) Section 2.12 (b)(i) of the Target Disclosure Schedule lists (i) all
  Target Registered Intellectual Property that is owned or purported to be
  owned by Target or any Target Subsidiary, including the jurisdictions in
  which each such item of Target Registered Intellectual Property right has
  been issued or registered or in which any application for such issuance and
  registration has been filed. Section 2.12(b)(ii) of the Target Disclosure
  Schedule lists (ii) all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements as to
  which Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party and pursuant to which any
  person is authorized to use any Target Intellectual Property, excluding any
  "shrink-wrap" or similar licenses granted to end users of Target's
  products. Section 2.12 (b)(iii) of the Target Disclosure Schedule lists
  (iii) all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements as to which Target or
  any Target Subsidiary is a party and pursuant to which Target or any Target
  Subsidiary is authorized to use any third-party Intellectual Property,
  including software but excluding any shrink-wrap licenses for retail office
  software (third-party Intellectual Property, including software, being used
  by Target or any Target Subsidiary being referred to in this Agreement as
  "Target Third-Party Intellectual Property Rights"). Neither Target nor any
  Target Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of Target, any third party is in
  material violation of any license, sublicense or agreement described in
  Sections 2.12(b)(ii) and (iii) of the Target Disclosure Schedule, nor to
  Target's knowledge has there been any claim by any party to such agreement
  of such material violation. The Target Intellectual Property is free and
  clear of any liens and, subject to the license agreements disclosed in the
  Target Disclosure Schedule, Target has sole and exclusive rights (and is
  not contractually obligated to pay any compensation to any third party in
  respect thereof) to the enforcement thereof in connection with the services
  or products in respect of which such Target Intellectual Property is being
  used.

                                      A-14

     (c) To the knowledge of Target, there is no unauthorized use,
  disclosure, infringement or misappropriation of any Target Intellectual
  Property rights, by any third party, including any employee or former
  employee of Target or any Target Subsidiary. Neither Target nor any Target
  Subsidiary has entered into any agreement to indemnify any other person
  against any charge of infringement of any Intellectual Property, other than
  indemnification provisions contained in purchase orders or agreements for
  the sale, license or distribution of any Target Intellectual Property or
  products containing Target Intellectual Property arising in the ordinary
  course of business.

     (d) Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary is or will be, as a result
  of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the performance of its
  obligations under this Agreement, in breach of any license, sublicense or
  other agreement described in Sections 2.12(b)(ii) and (iii) of the Target
  Disclosure Schedule, nor will any other party to any such license,
  sublicense or agreement be entitled to terminate or modify such license,
  sublicense or agreement.

     (e) The issued patents and trademark registrations of the Target
  Registered Intellectual Property held by Target or any Target Subsidiary
  are valid and subsisting and, to the knowledge of Target, there is no
  assertion or claim pending challenging the validity thereof. All
  provisional patent applications have been filed as full patent
  applications. Target has not and, to its knowledge, is not being, sued in
  any suit, action or proceeding that involves a claim of infringement of any
  patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights or violation of any trade
  secret or other proprietary right of any third party, nor, to the knowledge
  of Target, is any such suit, action or proceeding being threatened against
  Target or any of the Target Subsidiaries, nor has Target or any Target
  Subsidiary received a cease-and-desist notice relating to such a claim. To
  the knowledge of Target, neither the conduct of the business of Target and
  each Target Subsidiary as currently conducted or contemplated to be
  conducted nor the development, manufacture, sale, licensing or use of any
  of the products of Target or any Target Subsidiary as now developed,
  manufactured, sold, licensed or used infringes on, in any way, any license,
  trademark, trademark right, trade name, trade name right, valid patent,
  valid patent right, industrial model, inventions, service mark, domain name
  or copyright of any third party. Except in defending the actions listed in
  Section 2.12(c) of the Target Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of
  Target, no third party is challenging the ownership by Target or any Target
  Subsidiary, or the validity or effectiveness of, any of the Target
  Intellectual Property. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has brought
  or is bringing any action, suit or proceeding of infringement of Target
  Intellectual Property or breach of any license or agreement involving
  Intellectual Property against any third party. There are no pending or, to
  the knowledge of Target, threatened interference, re-examinations,
  oppositions or nullities involving any patents, patent rights or
  applications therefor of Target or any Target Subsidiary, except such as
  may have been commenced by Target or any Target Subsidiary. There is
  presently no breach or violation of or actual loss or, to the knowledge of
  Target, threatened loss of rights under any license agreement to which
  Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party.

     (f) Section 2.21(f) of the Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
  description of Target's policy in respect of the execution and delivery by
  Target's employees, consultants and independent contractors of intellectual
  property assignment agreements. Each Target Operational Employee (as
  defined below) has signed an intellectual property assignment agreement
  that legally, fully and effectively transfers to Target any and all right,
  title and interest which the named Target Operational Employee may have or
  acquire in and to the Target Intellectual Property. "Target Operational
  Employee" means any current or former non-clerical employee or consultant
  of Target.

     (g) Target has taken all commercially reasonable steps to protect and
  preserve the confidentiality of all Target Unregistered Intellectual
  Property ("Target Confidential Information"). Section 2.21(g) of the Target
  Disclosure Schedule sets forth a description of Target's policy in respect
  of the execution and delivery by Target's employees, consultants and
  independent contractors of proprietary information and confidentiality
  agreements and lists all current and, for the past three years, former
  employees, consultants and independent contractors of Target and each
  Target Subsidiary that have not executed such an agreement. All use,
  disclosure or appropriation of Target Confidential Information owned by
  Target or a

                                      A-15

  Target Subsidiary by or to a third party has been pursuant to the terms of
  a written agreement between Target or the applicable Target Subsidiary and
  such third party, and all use, disclosure or appropriation of Target
  Confidential Information not owned by Target or a Target Subsidiary has
  been pursuant to the terms of a written agreement between Target or a
  Target Subsidiary and the owner of such Target Confidential Information, or
  it is otherwise lawful.

   2.13 Environmental Matters.

     (a) The following terms shall be defined as follows:

       (i) "Environmental and Safety Laws" shall mean any federal, state or
    local laws, ordinances, codes, regulations, rules, policies and orders,
    as each may be amended from time to time, that are intended to ensure
    the protection of the environment, or that classify, regulate, call for
    the remediation of, require reporting with respect to, or list or
    define air, water, groundwater, solid waste, hazardous or toxic
    substances, materials, wastes, pollutants or contaminants; or that
    regulate the manufacture, handling, transport, use, treatment, storage
    or disposal of Hazardous Materials or materials containing Hazardous
    Materials; or that are intended to ensure the protection, safety and
    good health of employees, workers or other persons, including the
    public.

       (ii) "Hazardous Materials" shall mean any toxic or hazardous
    substance, material or waste or any pollutant or contaminant, or
    infectious or radioactive substance or material, including those
    substances, materials and wastes defined in or regulated under any
    Environmental and Safety Laws; petroleum and petroleum products,
    including crude oil and any fractions thereof; natural gas, synthetic
    gas and any mixtures thereof; radon; and asbestos.

       (iii) "Target Property" shall mean all real property leased or owned
    by Target or any Target Subsidiaries either currently or in the past.

       (iv) "Target Facilities" shall mean all buildings and improvements
    on the Target Property of Target or any Target Subsidiaries.

     (b) Target represents and warrants as follows: (i) (x) to the knowledge
  of Target, prior to the term of Target's leases no methylene chloride or
  asbestos was used at or released from the Target Facilities, and (y) during
  the term of Target's leases on the Target Facilities, no methylene chloride
  or asbestos is contained in or has been used at or released from the Target
  Facilities; (ii) all Hazardous Materials and wastes utilized or generated
  by Target have been disposed of in accordance with all Environmental and
  Safety Laws; (iii) neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has received
  any notice (verbal or written) of any noncompliance of the Target
  Facilities or of its past or present operations with Environmental and
  Safety Laws; (iv) no notices, administrative actions or suits are pending
  or, to the knowledge of Target, threatened relating to Hazardous Materials
  or a violation of any Environmental and Safety Laws; (v) neither Target nor
  any Target Subsidiary is a potentially responsible party under the federal
  Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
  ("CERCLA"), or any state analog statute, arising out of events occurring
  prior to the Closing Date; (vi) (x) to the knowledge of Target, prior to
  the term of Target's leases on the Target Facilities there has not been,
  and (y) during the term of Target's leases on the Target Facilities, there
  has not been and are not now, any contamination, disposal, spilling,
  dumping, incineration, discharge, storage, treatment or handling of
  Hazardous Materials on, under or migrating to or from the Target Facilities
  or Target Property (including without limitation, soils and surface and
  ground waters); (vii) (x) to the knowledge of Target, prior to the term of
  Target's leases on the Target Facilities there has not been, and (y) to the
  best knowledge of Target, during the term of Target's leases on the Target
  Facilities, there has not been and are not now, any underground tanks or
  underground improvements at, on or under the Target Property including
  without limitation, treatment or storage tanks, sumps, or water, gas or oil
  wells; (viii) (x) to the knowledge of Target, prior to the term of Target's
  leases on the Target Facilities there have not been, and (y) during the
  term of Target's leases on the Target Facilities, there have not been and
  are not now, any polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") deposited, stored,
  disposed of or located on the Target Property or Target Facilities or any
  equipment on

                                      A-16

  the Target Property containing PCBs at levels in excess of 50 parts per
  million; (ix) there is no formaldehyde on the Target Property or in the
  Target Facilities, nor any insulating material containing urea formaldehyde
  in the Target Facilities; (x) (i) during the term of Target's leases
  thereon, the Target Facilities and Target's and the Target Subsidiaries'
  uses and activities therein, and (ii) to Target's knowledge, prior to the
  term of Target's leases on the Target Facilities all other uses and
  activities therein, in each case have at all times complied with all
  Environmental and Safety Laws; (xi) Target and the Target Subsidiaries have
  all the permits and licenses required to be issued and are in full
  compliance with the terms and conditions of those permits; and (xii)
  neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary is liable for any off-site
  contamination nor under any Environmental and Safety Laws.

   2.14  Taxes.

     (a) For purposes of this Section 2.14 and other provisions of this
  Agreement relating to Taxes of Target or any Target Subsidiary, the
  following definitions shall apply:

       (i) The term "Taxes" shall mean all taxes, however denominated,
    including any interest, penalties or other additions to tax that may
    become payable in respect thereof, (A) imposed by any federal,
    territorial, state, local or foreign government or any agency or
    political subdivision of any such government, which taxes shall
    include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all income
    or profits taxes (including, but not limited to, federal, state and
    foreign income taxes), payroll and employee withholding taxes,
    unemployment insurance contributions, social security taxes, sales and
    use taxes, ad valorem taxes, excise taxes, franchise taxes, gross
    receipts taxes, withholding taxes, business license taxes, occupation
    taxes, real and personal property taxes, stamp taxes, environmental
    taxes, transfer taxes, workers' compensation, Pension Benefit Guaranty
    Corporation premiums and other governmental charges, and other
    obligations of the same or of a similar nature to any of the foregoing,
    which are required to be paid, withheld or collected, (B) any liability
    for the payment of amounts referred to in Clause (A) as a result of
    being a member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary
    group, or (C) any liability for amounts referred to in the foregoing
    clause (A) or (B) as a result of any obligations to indemnify another
    person.

       (ii) The term "Returns" shall mean all reports, estimates,
    declarations of estimated tax, information statements and returns,
    including any schedule or attachment thereto and any amendments
    thereof, required to be filed in connection with any Taxes, including
    information returns with respect to backup withholding and other
    payments to third parties.

     (b) All Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of Target or any
  Target Subsidiary have been duly filed on a timely basis (including any
  extensions of due dates) and such Returns are true, complete and correct in
  all material respects. All Taxes shown to be payable on such Returns or on
  subsequent assessments with respect thereto, and all payments of estimated
  Taxes required to be made by or on behalf of Target or any Target
  Subsidiary under Section 6655 of the Code or comparable provisions of
  state, local or foreign law, have been paid in full on a timely basis, and
  no other Taxes are payable by Target or any Target Subsidiary with respect
  to items or periods covered by such Returns (whether or not shown on or
  reportable on such Returns). Target and each Target Subsidiary has withheld
  and paid over all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid over, and
  complied in all material respects with all information reporting and backup
  withholding in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee,
  creditor, independent contractor or other third party. There are no liens
  on any of the assets of Target or any Target Subsidiary with respect to
  Taxes, other than liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or for Taxes that
  Target or that Target Subsidiary is contesting in good faith through
  appropriate proceedings. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has been
  at any time a member of an affiliated group of corporations filing
  consolidated, combined or unitary income or franchise tax returns for a
  period for which the statute of limitations for any Tax potentially
  applicable as a result of such membership has not expired, other than a
  group of which Target is the parent corporation.

                                      A-17

     (c) The amount of Target's and any of Target's Subsidiaries' liabilities
  for unpaid Taxes for all periods through the Target Balance Sheet Date do
  not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of the current liability accruals
  for Taxes reflected on the Target Balance Sheet and the related Target
  Financials, and such Target Financials properly accrue, in accordance with
  GAAP, all liabilities for Taxes of Target and its Subsidiaries payable
  after the Target Balance Sheet Date attributable to transactions and events
  occurring prior to such date. No liability for Taxes of Target or any
  Target Subsidiary has been incurred (or prior to Closing will be incurred)
  between the Target Balance Sheet Date and the date of this Agreement other
  than in the ordinary course of business, and all accruals for Taxes are and
  will be sufficient to pay all unpaid Taxes as of the Closing Date.

     (d) Target has furnished or made available to Acquiror true and complete
  copies of (i) relevant portions of income tax audit reports, statements of
  deficiencies, closing or other agreements received by or on behalf of
  Target or any Target Subsidiary relating to Taxes and (ii) all federal,
  state and foreign income or franchise tax returns and state sales and use
  tax Returns for or including Target and its Subsidiaries for all periods
  since January 1, 1998. All material elections with respect to Taxes
  affecting Target or any Target Subsidiary as of the date hereof that are
  not reflected in such tax returns are set forth in Section 2.14 of the
  Target Disclosure Schedule.

     (e) No audit of the Returns of or including Target and its Subsidiaries
  by a Governmental Entity or taxing authority is in process, or, to the
  knowledge of Target, threatened (either in writing or verbally, formally or
  informally). No deficiencies exist or are being asserted (either in writing
  or verbally, formally or informally) or are expected to be asserted with
  respect to Taxes of Target or any of its Subsidiaries and, since January 1,
  1998, Target has not received written notice nor does it expect to receive
  any such notice that it or any of its Subsidiaries has not filed a Return
  or paid Taxes required to be filed or paid. Neither Target nor any Target
  Subsidiary is a party to any action or proceeding for assessment or
  collection of Taxes nor has such event been asserted or threatened (either
  in writing or verbally)against Target, any Target Subsidiary or any of
  their respective assets. No waiver or extension of any statute of
  limitations is in effect with respect to Taxes or Returns of Target or any
  Target Subsidiary. There are no Tax rulings, requests for rulings or
  closing agreements relating to Target or any Target Subsidiary that would
  reasonably be expected to affect the liability for Taxes or the amount of
  taxable income of Target or any Target Subsidiary for any period (or
  portion of a period) after the date hereof. Without limiting the
  representations and warranties set forth in clause (c) above, Target and
  each Target Subsidiary has disclosed on its federal and state income and
  franchise tax returns all positions taken therein that could give rise to a
  substantial understatement penalty within the meaning of Section 6662 of
  the Code or comparable provisions of applicable state tax laws. Any
  adjustment of Taxes of Target or any Target Subsidiary made by the Internal
  Revenue Service (the "IRS") in any examination that is required to be
  reported to the appropriate state, local or foreign taxing authorities has
  been reported, and any additional Taxes due with respect thereto have been
  paid.

     (f) Target and its Subsidiaries are not (nor have they ever been)
  parties to any tax sharing agreement. Since April 16, 1997, neither Target
  nor any Target Subsidiary has been a distributing corporation or a
  controlled corporation in a transaction described in Section 355(a) of the
  Code.

     (g) Target is not, nor has it been, a United States real property
  holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code
  during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the
  Code. Target is not a "consenting corporation" under Section 341(f) of the
  Code. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has entered into any
  compensatory agreements with respect to the performance of services, which
  payment thereunder would result in a nondeductible expense to Target or to
  such Subsidiary pursuant to Section 280G of the Code or an excise tax to
  the recipient of such payment pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code. Neither
  Target nor any Target Subsidiary has agreed to, nor is it required to make,
  other than by reason of the Merger, any adjustment under Section 481(a) of
  the Code by reason of a change in accounting method, and Target and each
  Target Subsidiary will not otherwise have any income reportable for a
  period ending after the Closing Date attributable to a transaction or other
  event (e.g., an installment sale) occurring prior to the Closing Date with
  respect to which Target or such Target Subsidiary

                                      A-18

  received the economic benefit prior to the Closing Date. Neither Target nor
  any Target Subsidiary is, nor has it been, a "reporting corporation"
  subject to the information reporting and record maintenance requirements of
  Section 6038A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. Since January 1,
  1998, neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary has been a distributing
  corporation or a controlled corporation in a transaction described in
  Section 355(a) of the Code.

     (h) Target's books and records accurately reflect the designation of
  Target Options as incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options.
  All Target Options that Target has treated as incentive stock options under
  Section 421 of the Code meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code.

     (i) All Assumed Options that Target has treated as incentive stock
  options under Section 421 of the Code meet the requirements of Section 422
  of the Code.

   2.15 Employee Benefit Plans.

     (a) Section 2.15(a) of the Target Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
  and correct list, with a summary of each such plan's material terms, of
  each material deferred compensation plan, incentive compensation plan,
  equity compensation plan, "welfare" plan, fund or program (within the
  meaning of section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
  1974, as amended ("ERISA")); "pension" plan, fund or program (within the
  meaning of section 3(2) of ERISA); each material employment, termination or
  severance agreement (other than employment letters with employees entered
  into in the ordinary course of business); and each other material employee
  benefit plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement, in each case, that
  is (or, with respect to any pension plan that is or was subject to Title IV
  of ERISA, during any time in the last six years was) sponsored, maintained,
  participated in or contributed to or required to be contributed to (the
  "Target Employee Plans") by Target, any of the Target Subsidiaries or by
  any trade or business, whether or not incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"),
  all of which together with Target would be deemed a "single employer"
  within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA, for the benefit of any
  employee or former employee of Target or any Target Subsidiary.

     (b) To the extent that Target has provided or made available any of the
  following documents to Acquiror, the copies so provided or made available
  were true and correct copies of such documents: (i) any Target Employee
  Plan document including all amendments thereto; (ii) any actuarial report
  for such Target Employee Plan for each of the last two years, (iii) the
  most recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service for any
  such Target Employee Plan; (iv) the most recent summary plan description
  and related summaries of modifications or (v) the most recent Form 5500
  (including all schedules) filed with the IRS.

     (c) Each of the Target Employee Plans is in compliance with all
  applicable provisions of the Code and ERISA; each of the Target Employee
  Plans and related trusts intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of
  Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code has received a favorable
  determination letter from the IRS and nothing has occurred to cause the
  loss of such qualified status; no Target Employee Plan has an accumulated
  or waived funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code;
  all contributions required to be made by Target or any Target Subsidiary to
  any Target Employee Plan have been made by the due date; neither Target nor
  any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, directly or indirectly, any liability to
  or on account of a Target Employee Plan pursuant to Title IV of ERISA
  (other than for premiums not yet due to the Pension Benefit Guaranty
  Corporation); to the knowledge of Target no proceedings have been
  instituted to terminate any Target Employee Plan that is subject to Title
  IV of ERISA; no "reportable event," as such term is defined in Section
  4043(c) of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Target Employee Plan
  (other than a reportable event with respect to which the thirty day notice
  period has been waived); and no condition exists that presents a risk to
  Target of incurring a liability to or on account of a Target Employee Plan
  pursuant to Title IV of ERISA; no Target Employee Plan is a multiemployer
  plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) and no Target
  Employee Plan is a multiple employer plan (as defined in Section 413 of the
  Code); except as required by Section 4980B of the Code or Part 6 of Title I
  of ERISA, no Target Employee Plan provides post-retirement welfare benefits
  and there are no pending, or to the knowledge of Target, threatened or

                                      A-19

  anticipated claims (other than routine claims for benefits) by, on behalf
  of or against any of the Target Employee Plans or any trusts related
  thereto or against Target, any Target Subsidiary or any individual or
  entity for which the Target Employee Plans, Target or any Target Subsidiary
  may have liability; all employee benefit plans that are subject to the laws
  of any jurisdiction outside the United States are in compliance with such
  applicable laws and the requirements of any trust deed or other document
  under which they are established or maintained.

     (d) With respect to each Target Employee Plan, Target and each
  Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with (i) the applicable
  health-care continuation and notice provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus
  Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA") and the proposed regulations
  thereunder, (ii) the applicable requirements of the Family and Medical
  Leave Act of 1993 and the regulations thereunder, and (iii) the applicable
  notice requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and
  Accountability Act of 1996 and the temporary regulations thereunder.

     (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
  will not (i) entitle any current or former employee or other service
  provider of Target, any Target Subsidiary or any other ERISA Affiliate to
  severance benefits or any other payment, except as expressly provided in
  this Agreement, or (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting of any
  such benefits (except as required under Section 411(d)(3) of the Code), or
  increase the amount of compensation due any such employee or service
  provider.

     (f) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or
  announcement (whether or not written) by Target, any Target Subsidiary or
  other ERISA Affiliate relating to, or change in participation or coverage
  under, any Target Employee Plan that would increase the expense of
  maintaining such Target Employee Plan above the level of expense incurred
  with respect to that Target Employee Plan for the most recent fiscal year
  included in the Target Financials.

     (g) (i) Target and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability
  under, and have complied in all respects with, the Worker Adjustment
  Retraining Notification Act (the "WARN Act") and, to the knowledge of
  Target, no fact or event exists as of the date of this Agreement that would
  reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under the WARN Act; (ii)
  no compensation paid or payable to any employee of Target or any Target
  Subsidiary has been, or will be, nondeductible by reason of application of
  Section 162(m) of the Code, and (iii) neither Target nor any of Target
  Subsidiary has any obligations under COBRA with respect to any former
  employees or their related qualifying beneficiaries.

     (h) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the
  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any
  payment (including, without limitation, severance, unemployment
  compensation, golden parachute, bonus or otherwise) becoming due to any
  director or employee of Target or any Target Subsidiary, (ii) materially
  increase any benefits otherwise payable by Target or any Target Subsidiary,
  or (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of
  any such benefits.

   2.16 Employee Matters. Target and each Target Subsidiary are in compliance
in all material respects with all currently applicable federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations respecting employment, discrimination in
employment, terms and conditions of employment, wages, hours and occupational
safety and health and employment practices, and is not engaged in any unfair
labor practice. There are no material pending claims against Target or any
Target Subsidiary under any workers compensation plan or policy or for long-
term disability. There is no pending strike, lockout, work slowdown or work
stoppage involving Target or any of its Subsidiaries and any of their
respective employees. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary is a party to
any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract nor does
Target or any Target Subsidiary know of any activities or proceedings of any
labor union or other group to organize any such employees. Section 2.16 of the
Target Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all employees who are currently
on a leave of absence (whether paid or unpaid), the reasons therefor, the
expected return date, and whether reemployment of such employee is guaranteed
by contract or statute, and a list of all employees who have

                                      A-20

requested a leave of absence to commence at any time after the date of this
Agreement, the reason therefor, the expected length of such leave, and whether
reemployment of such employee is guaranteed by contract or statute.

   2.17 Material Contracts.

     (a) Subsections (i) through (ix) of Section 2.17(a) of the Target
  Disclosure Schedule contain a list of all contracts and agreements to which
  Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party and that are material to the
  business, results of operations, or condition (financial or otherwise), of
  Target or any Target Subsidiary (such contracts, agreements and
  arrangements as are required to be set forth in Section 2.17(a) of the
  Partnership Disclosure Schedule being referred to herein collectively as
  the "Material Contracts"). Except as set forth in Section 2.17(a) of the
  Target Disclosure Schedule, neither Target nor any of the Target
  Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any contract or commitment (whether
  written or oral) (i) which, upon the consummation of the transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement, will (either alone or upon the occurrence
  of any additional acts or events) result in any payment or benefits
  (whether of severance pay or otherwise) becoming due, or the acceleration
  or vesting of any rights to any payment or benefits, from Acquiror, Target,
  the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective Subsidiaries to any
  director, officer, employee, contractor or consultant thereof, (ii) which
  is a Material Contract (as defined below), (iii) which materially increases
  any benefits otherwise payable under any Target compensation plan or other
  benefit arrangement, (iv) which requires Target to register any securities
  under the Securities Act or otherwise or (v) which materially restricts the
  conduct of any line of business by Target or any of the Target
  Subsidiaries. Target has previously delivered or made available to Acquiror
  true and correct copies of each Material Contract. "Material Contracts"
  shall include, without limitation, the following and shall be categorized
  in the Target Disclosure Schedule as follows:

       (i) each contract and agreement (other than routine purchase orders
    and pricing quotes in the ordinary course of business covering a period
    of less than three months) for the purchase of inventory, spare parts,
    other materials or personal property with any supplier or for the
    furnishing of services to Target or any Target Subsidiary under the
    terms of which (A) Target or any Target Subsidiary paid or otherwise
    gave consideration or is obligated to pay or give consideration in
    excess of $20,000 in the aggregate since December 31, 1999 or (B)
    cannot be canceled by Target or any Target Subsidiary without penalty
    or further payment;

       (ii) each customer contract and agreement (other than routine
    purchase orders, pricing quotes with open acceptance and other tender
    bids, in each case, entered into in the ordinary course of business and
    covering a period of less than one year) to which Target or any Target
    Subsidiary is a party and which involve consideration of more than
    $20,000 in the aggregate for any single customer;

       (iii) (A) all distributor, manufacturer's representative, broker,
    franchise, agency and dealer contracts and agreements to which Target
    or any Target Subsidiary is a party (specifying on a matrix, in the
    case of distributor agreements, the name of the distributor, product,
    territory, termination date and exclusivity provisions) and (B) all
    sales promotion, market research, marketing and advertising contracts
    and agreements to which Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party
    under the terms of which (A) Target or any Target Subsidiary paid or
    otherwise gave consideration or is obligated to pay or give
    consideration in excess of $20,000 in the aggregate since December 31,
    1999 or (B) cannot be canceled by Target or any Target Subsidiary
    without penalty or further payment;

       (iv) all management contracts with independent contractors or
    consultants (or similar arrangements) to which Target or any Target
    Subsidiary is a party and which involve consideration or more than
    $10,000;

       (v) all contracts and agreements (excluding routine checking account
    overdraft agreements involving petty cash amounts) under which Target
    or any Target Subsidiary has created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed
    (or may create, incur, assume or guarantee) indebtedness or under which
    Target or any Target Subsidiary has imposed (or may impose) a security
    interest or lien on any of their respective assets, whether tangible or
    intangible, to secure indebtedness;

                                      A-21

       (vi) all contracts and agreements that limit the ability of Target
    or any Target Subsidiary or, after the Closing Date, Acquiror or any of
    its affiliates, to compete in any line of business or with any person
    or in any geographic area or during any period of time, or to solicit
    any customer or client;

       (vii) all contracts and agreements between or among Target or any
    Target Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any affiliate of Target or any
    Target Subsidiary (other than a wholly owned subsidiary), on the other
    hand;

       (viii) all contracts and agreements to which Target or any Target
    Subsidiary is a party (other than routine purchase orders, pricing
    quotes with open acceptance and other tender bids, in each case,
    entered into in the ordinary course of business and covering a period
    of less than one year) under which it has agreed to supply products to
    a customer at specified prices, whether directly or through a specific
    distributor, manufacturer's representative or dealer; and

       (ix) all other contracts or agreements not described above (A) which
    are material to Target or any Target Subsidiary or the conduct of their
    respective businesses or (B) the absence of which would have a Material
    Adverse Effect on Target or any Target Subsidiary, (C) which are
    believed by Target or any Target Subsidiary to be of unique value even
    though not material to the business of Target or any Target Subsidiary
    or (D) is a "material contract" under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K
    of the SEC.

     (b) Each Target or Target Subsidiary license, each Material Contract and
  each other material contract or agreement of Target or any Target
  Subsidiary which would have been required to be disclosed in Section
  2.17(a) of the Target Disclosure Schedule had such contract or agreement
  been entered into prior to the date of this Agreement, is a legal, valid
  and binding agreement, and none of such Material Contracts is in default by
  its terms or has been canceled by the other party; neither Target nor any
  Target Subsidiary is in receipt of any claim of default under any such
  agreement; and neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary anticipates any
  termination of or change to, or receipt of a proposal with respect to, any
  such agreement as a result of Target's execution and delivery of, or
  performance under, this Agreement or otherwise. The execution and delivery
  of this Agreement by Target does not, and the consummation of the
  transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in any
  violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or
  both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration
  of any obligation or loss of any benefit under any Material Contract.

   2.18 Books and Records. The books, records and accounts of Target and the
Target Subsidiaries (i) have been maintained in accordance with good business
practices on a basis consistent with prior years and (ii) are stated in
reasonable detail and accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of Target. Target has devised and maintains a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (x)
transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific
authorization; and (y) transactions are recorded as necessary (A) to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP or any other
criteria applicable to such statements and (B) to maintain accountability of
assets.

   2.19 Customers and Suppliers; Warranty Obligations.

     (a) Neither any Material Customer nor any supplier has cancelled or
  otherwise terminated, or made any written threat to Target to cancel or
  otherwise terminate its relationship with Target or any Target Subsidiary,
  or has at any time on or after the Target Balance Sheet Date decreased
  materially its services or supplies to Target or any Target Subsidiary in
  the case of any such supplier, or its usage of the services or products of
  Target or any Target Subsidiary in the case of such customer, and to
  Target's knowledge, no such supplier or customer intends to cancel or
  otherwise terminate its relationship with Target or any Target Subsidiary
  or to decrease materially its services or supplies to Target or any Target
  Subsidiary or its usage of the services or products of Target or any Target
  Subsidiary, as the case may be. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary is
  in material breach of any contract with any Material Customer or supplier.

     (b) All warranty claims or similar claims made in respect of any
  Products since December 31, 1997 have been settled or otherwise are
  adequately covered by Target's warranty reserves. Target has delivered

                                      A-22

  to Acquiror a true and correct copy of each standard form warranty used in
  connection with the sale of any Product, and Section 2.19(b) of the Target
  Disclosure Schedule sets forth any deviation from such standard form
  warranty since December 31, 1997.

   2.20 Interested Party Transactions. Neither Target nor any Target Subsidiary
is indebted to any director, officer, employee or agent of Target or any Target
Subsidiary or any affiliate or immediate family member of any of the foregoing
(except for amounts due as normal salaries and bonuses and other employee
benefits and in reimbursement of ordinary expenses), and no such person is
indebted to Target or any Target Subsidiary. None of Target or any Target
Subsidiary's officers or directors, or, to Target's knowledge, any affiliates
or immediate family members of the foregoing, have any material interest in any
firm or corporation with which Target or any Target Subsidiary is affiliated or
with which Target or any Target Subsidiary has a business relationship, or any
firm or corporation which competes with Target or any Target Subsidiary except
that officers, directors and/or stockholders of Target or any Target Subsidiary
may own stock in (but not exceeding two percent of the outstanding capital
stock of) any publicly traded companies that may compete with Target or any
Target Subsidiary. To Target's knowledge, none of Target or any Target
Subsidiary's officers or directors, or any affiliates or immediate family
members of the foregoing, are, directly or indirectly, interested in any
Material Contract.

   2.21 Insurance. Schedule 2.21 sets forth a list of all insurance policies of
Target and each Target Subsidiary and the limits of coverage thereunder. Target
and each Target Subsidiary has or is a named beneficiary under policies of
insurance and bonds of the type and in amounts customarily carried by persons
conducting businesses or owning assets similar to those of Target and the
Target Subsidiaries. All such casualty and property policies are "claims
incurred" policies. There is no claim pending under any of such policies or
bonds. All such policies are in full force and effect, and all premiums due and
payable under all such policies and bonds have been paid and Target and the
Target Subsidiaries are otherwise in compliance in all material respects with
the terms of such policies and bonds. Target has no knowledge of any threatened
termination of, or premium increase with respect to, any of such policies.

   2.22 Compliance with Laws. Each of Target and the Target Subsidiaries has
complied, is not in violation of, and, since January 1, 1998, has not received
any notices of violation with respect to, any federal, state, local or foreign
statute, law or regulation to which it is subject, except for such violations
or failures to comply as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Target.

   2.23 Minute Books. The minute books of Target and each of Target Subsidiary
made available to Acquiror contain a complete summary of all meetings of
directors and stockholders or actions by written consent since the time of
incorporation of Target and the respective Target Subsidiary through the date
of this Agreement.

   2.24 Brokers' and Finders' Fees. Other than the fees payable to Pinnacle
Partners, Inc. (the "Target Financial Advisor") as set forth in Schedule 2.24
of the Target Disclosure Schedule, Target has not incurred, nor will it incur,
directly or indirectly, any liability for brokers' or finders' fees, agents'
commissions or investment bankers' fees or any similar charges in connection
with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. Target has
previously furnished to Acquiror a complete and correct copy of all agreements
between Target and the Target Financial Advisor pursuant to which such firm
would be entitled to any payment relating to the Merger.

   2.25 Statements; Joint Proxy Statements/Prospectus. The information supplied
by Target for inclusion in the Registration Statement shall not, at the time
the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The information
supplied by Target for inclusion in the joint proxy statement/prospectus to be
sent to the stockholders of Target and Acquiror in connection with the meeting
of Target's stockholders to consider the adoption of this Agreement (the
"Target

                                      A-23

Stockholders' Meeting") and the meeting of Acquiror's stockholders to consider
the adoption of this Agreement, the approval of the issuance of the shares of
Acquiror Common Stock in connection with the Merger and the increase in the
number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock reserved for issuance under
Acquiror's stock option plans (the "Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting") (such
proxy statement/prospectus as amended or supplemented is referred to herein as
the "Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus") shall not, on the date the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus is first mailed to Target's stockholders or Acquiror's
stockholders, respectively, or at the time of the Target Stockholders' Meeting
or the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting, respectively, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading, or
omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any statement in any
earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the
Target Stockholders' Meeting or the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting,
respectively, which has become false or misleading. The Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event
relating to Target or any of its affiliates, officers or directors should be
discovered by Target that is required to be set forth in an amendment to the
Registration Statement or a supplement to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus,
Target shall promptly so inform Acquiror. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Target
makes no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by
Acquiror that is contained in any of the foregoing documents.

   2.26 Board Approval. The Target Board of Directors (at a meeting duly and
validly called and held) has duly and validly (a) unanimously determined that
the Merger is advisable and in the best interests of the stockholders of Target
and is on terms that are fair to such stockholders, (b) authorized and approved
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Target and
unanimously approved this Agreement and the Merger, and (c) unanimously
recommended that the stockholders of Target adopt this Agreement.

   2.27 Opinion of Financial Advisor. Target has received a written or verbal
opinion of the Target Financial Advisor on or prior to the date of this
Agreement, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, the Exchange
Ratio is fair to the stockholders of Target from a financial point of view.
Target has, prior to execution of this Agreement by Acquiror, delivered a true
and correct copy of the draft written opinion of the Target Financial Advisor
to Acquiror for informational purposes only.

   2.28 Takeover Restrictions Not Applicable. The Target Board of Directors has
adopted, approved and found advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and such adoptions, approvals and
findings are sufficient to render inapplicable to this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement the provisions of
Section 203 of Delaware Law and all related rights existing thereunder. No
other "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other form of
antitakeover statute or regulation or similar law, stockholder rights
agreement, or any other provision of Target's Certificate of Incorporation or
Bylaws, applies or purports to apply to the Merger, this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   2.29 Sales Pipeline. Section 2.29 of the Target Disclosure Schedule sets
forth a true, accurate and complete copy of Target's sales pipeline and direct
sales forecast (the "Pipeline") as of February 5, 2001 (the "Pipeline Date").
The Pipeline has been prepared by Target in good faith and accurately describes
the status of contract negotiations as of the Pipeline Date. As of the date
hereof, there has occurred no adverse change in or modification to the Pipeline
nor any event, circumstance or other fact known to Target that could lead to an
adverse change in or modification to the Pipeline.

   2.30 Representations Complete. None of the representations or warranties
made by Target herein or in any Schedule hereto, including the Target
Disclosure Schedule, or certificate furnished by Target pursuant to this
Agreement, when all such documents are read together in their entirety,
contains or will contain at the Effective Time any untrue statement of a
material fact, or omits or will omit at the Effective Time to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
materially misleading.

                                      A-24

                                 SECTION THREE

   3. Representations and Warranties of Acquiror.

   Except as disclosed with appropriate Section references in a document dated
as of the date of this Agreement and delivered by Acquiror to Target prior to
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Acquiror Disclosure
Schedule"), each of which exceptions shall be deemed to relate to and to
qualify only the particular representation or warranty set forth in the
corresponding Section reference and any other representation or warranty to
which the relevance of any such exception is reasonably apparent, and in order
to induce Target to enter into and perform this Agreement and the other
agreements and certificates that are required to be completed and executed
pursuant to this Agreement, Acquiror and MergerSub represent and warrant to
Target as follows in this Section 3:

   3.1 Organization; Subsidiaries.

     (a) Each of Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries (i) is a corporation
  duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (with respect to
  jurisdictions that recognize such concept) under the laws of its
  jurisdiction of incorporation, (ii) has the requisite corporate or other
  power and authority and all necessary government approvals to own, lease
  and operate its assets and property and to carry on its business as now
  being conducted, and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign
  corporation to do business, and is in good standing (with respect to
  jurisdictions that recognize such concept), in each jurisdiction where the
  character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
  of its business makes such qualification or licensing necessary (except to
  the extent that failure to qualify as a foreign corporation in any such
  jurisdiction will not have a Material Adverse Effect).

     (b) A true and complete list of all Subsidiaries of Acquiror is set
  forth in Section 3.1(b) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule. Acquiror is
  the owner of all outstanding shares of capital stock of each of its
  Subsidiaries and all such shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
  paid and nonassessable. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
  each of its Subsidiaries are owned by Acquiror free and clear of all liens,
  charges, claims, encumbrances or rights of others. There are no outstanding
  subscriptions, options, warrants, puts, calls, rights, exchangeable or
  convertible securities or other commitments or agreements of any character
  relating to the issued or unissued capital stock or other securities of any
  of its Subsidiaries, or otherwise obligating Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries to issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise
  acquire any such securities. All outstanding shares of capital stock of
  each of its Subsidiaries were issued in compliance with all applicable
  federal and state securities laws.

     (c) MergerSub is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror, was
  incorporated on February 14, 2001 solely for the purpose of engaging in the
  transactions contemplated hereby. MergerSub has no contracts (other than
  this Agreement), material assets or liabilities, or employees. MergerSub
  has engaged in no business activities and has conducted no operations
  except as contemplated hereby. MergerSub does not directly or indirectly
  own any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
  exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in, any
  corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other
  business association or entity.

   3.2 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Acquiror has delivered or
otherwise made available to Target a true and correct copy of the Certificate
of Incorporation, Bylaws and other charter documents, as applicable, of
Acquiror and MergerSub, each as amended to date and as currently in force full
and effect. Neither Acquiror nor MergerSub is in violation of any of the
provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or equivalent
organizational documents.

   3.3 Capital Structure.

     (a) The authorized capital stock of Acquiror consists of Twenty-Five
  Million (25,000,000) shares of Acquiror Common Stock, of which there were
  Twelve Million, Seven Hundred Twenty-Six Thousand, Eight Hundred Sixty-Two
  (12,726,862) shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2000, and

                                      A-25

  Three  Million (3,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per
  share ("Preferred Stock" and, together with Acquiror Common Stock, the
  "Acquiror Stock"), of which no shares were issued and outstanding as of
  December 31, 2000. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no other
  outstanding shares of capital stock or voting securities of Acquiror and no
  outstanding commitments to issue any shares of capital stock or voting
  securities of Acquiror other than pursuant to the exercise of options and
  purchase rights outstanding as of the date hereof under Acquiror's 1994
  Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Directors' Stock Option
  Plan (such plans being referred to in this Agreement as the "Acquiror
  Equity Plans") or as otherwise set forth in Section 3.3(d).

     (b) All outstanding shares of Acquiror Common Stock are duly authorized,
  validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are free of any liens or
  encumbrances other than any liens or encumbrances created by or imposed
  upon the holders thereof, and are not subject to preemptive rights or
  rights of first refusal created by statute, the Certificate of
  Incorporation or the Bylaws of Acquiror or any agreement to which Acquiror
  is a party or by which it is bound. All outstanding shares of Acquiror
  Common Stock were issued in compliance with all applicable federal and
  state securities laws.

     (c) As of December 31, 2000, Acquiror had reserved sufficient shares of
  Acquiror Common Stock for issuance to employees, consultants and members of
  the board of directors pursuant to the Acquiror Equity Plans. Between
  September 30, 2000, and the date of this Agreement, Acquiror has not issued
  additional shares or granted additional options under the Acquiror Equity
  Plans except pursuant to the exercise of options outstanding as of
  September 30, 2000. All outstanding options to purchase Acquiror Common
  Stock have been duly authorized by the Acquiror Board of Directors or a
  committee thereof, are validly issued, and were issued in compliance with
  all applicable federal and state securities laws.

     (d) Except (i) for the rights created pursuant to this Agreement, (ii)
  for or with respect to rights granted under the Acquiror Equity Plans,
  (iii) for Acquiror's right to repurchase any unvested shares under the
  Acquiror Stock Option Plans, (iv) for the rights granted under the Rights
  Plan, dated June 15, 2000 between Acquiror and ChaseMellon Shareholder
  Services, LLC, and (v) as set forth in Section 3.3 of the Acquiror
  Disclosure Schedule or otherwise in this Section 3.3, as of the date of
  this Agreement, there are no options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments,
  agreements or arrangements of any character to which Acquiror or any
  Subsidiary of Acquiror is a party or by which Acquiror or any Subsidiary of
  Acquiror is bound relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of
  Acquiror or any Subsidiary of Acquiror or obligating Acquiror or any
  Subsidiary of Acquiror to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem, or
  cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any shares of
  capital stock of Acquiror or any Subsidiary of Acquiror or obligating
  Acquiror or any Subsidiary of Acquiror to grant, extend, accelerate the
  vesting of, change the price of, or otherwise amend or enter into any such
  option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement.

     (e) As of the date of this Agreement, there are no contracts,
  commitments or agreements relating to rights of refusal, co-sale rights or
  registration rights granted by Acquiror with respect to any shares of
  Acquiror capital stock.

     (f) As of the date of this Agreement, there are no contracts,
  commitments or agreements relating to voting of Acquiror's capital stock
  (i) between or among Acquiror and any of its stockholders and (ii) to the
  knowledge of Acquiror, between or among any of Acquiror's stockholders or
  between or among any of Acquiror's stockholders and any third party. True
  and complete copies of all Acquiror Stock Option Plans and forms of stock
  option agreements thereunder have been made available to Target and such
  Acquiror Stock Option Plans and agreements have not been amended, modified
  or supplemented, and there are no agreements to amend, modify or supplement
  such Acquiror Stock Option Plans and agreements in any case from the form
  publicly filed by Acquiror on or prior to February 8, 2001.

   3.4 Authority and Enforceability. Acquiror and MergerSub each has all
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject, in the case of
consummation of the Merger, to the approval of this Agreement and the Merger by
the sole stockholder of MergerSub and the approval of the Merger and the
issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the

                                      A-26

Merger by Acquiror's stockholders. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation by Acquiror and MergerSub of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of Acquiror and MergerSub, subject only to the approval of this Agreement and
the Merger by the sole stockholder of MergerSub and the approval of the Merger
and the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger by
Acquiror's stockholders, and the filing of the Certificate of Merger pursuant
to Delaware Law. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Acquiror Common Stock, voting at the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting
(as defined in Section 2.25), is the only vote of the holders of any of
Acquiror's capital stock necessary to approve the issuance of the shares of
Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger, the increase in the number of shares of
Acquiror Common Stock reserved for issuance under Acquiror's stock option plans
and the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by Acquiror and MergerSub and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery by Target, constitutes the valid and binding obligation
of Acquiror and MergerSub enforceable against Acquiror and MergerSub in
accordance with its terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by (a)
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, both state
and federal, affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights or remedies in
general as from time to time in effect or (b) the exercise by courts of equity
powers.

   3.5 No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents.

     (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Acquiror and
  MergerSub does not, and the consummation by Acquiror and MergerSub of the
  transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in a
  violation of, any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
  of Acquiror or MergerSub, as amended to date and as currently in full force
  and effect. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Acquiror and
  MergerSub does not, and the consummation by Acquiror and MergerSub of the
  transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in a
  material violation of, or material default under (with or without notice or
  lapse of time, or both), or give rise to a right of termination,
  cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any material
  benefit under, any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other
  material agreement or instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license,
  judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation
  applicable to Acquiror or any Subsidiary of Acquiror or any of their
  properties or assets, except as such termination, cancellation or
  acceleration could reasonably be expected not to have a Material Adverse
  Effect on Acquiror. Section 3.5(a) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule
  lists all consents, waivers and approvals under any of Acquiror's material
  agreements, contracts, licenses, leases or other obligations in effect as
  of the date of this Agreement required to be obtained in connection with
  the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration,
  declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity, is required to be
  obtained or made, at or prior to the Effective Time, by or with respect to
  Acquiror or any Subsidiary of Acquiror in connection with the execution and
  delivery of this Agreement by Acquiror or MergerSub or the consummation by
  Acquiror or MergerSub of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for
  (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger as provided in Section 1.2,
  (ii) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations,
  declarations and filings as may be required under the Exchange Act, the
  Securities Act, applicable state securities laws and the securities (or
  related) laws of any foreign country, including the filing of the
  Registration Statement with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act,
  (iii) such filings as may be required under the rules and regulations of
  Nasdaq, and (iv) such other consents, authorizations, approvals and
  registrations that, if not obtained or made, could reasonably be expected
  not to have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror. Acquiror acknowledges
  and agrees that no filings are required under the HSR Act and the antitrust
  laws of any foreign country.

   3.6 SEC Filings; Acquiror Consolidated Financial Statements.

     (a) Acquiror has filed all forms, reports, schedules, statements,
  shareholder communications and other documents required to be filed by it
  with the SEC on and after its initial public offering on November 9, 1999
  (collectively, the "Acquiror SEC Reports"), and has previously made
  available

                                      A-27

  (including via the SEC Edgar system) to Target all such Acquiror SEC
  Reports. Acquiror has also made available to Target complete (i.e.
  unredacted) copies of each exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
  Acquiror for the year ended December 31, 1999 and any quarterly report and
  Form 8-K filed by Acquiror with the SEC thereafter and prior to the date of
  this Agreement. As of their respective dates, the Acquiror SEC Reports (i)
  were or will be prepared in all material respects in accordance with the
  requirements of the Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act, as the case may
  be, and the rules and regulations thereunder, (ii) did not at the time they
  were filed, or will not at the time they are filed, contain any untrue
  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
  be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made
  therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
  misleading, and (iii) did not at the time they were filed, or will not at
  the time they are filed, omit any documents required to be filed as
  exhibits thereto. As of their respective dates, the Acquiror SEC Reports
  complied in all material respects with the published rules and regulations
  and mandatory policies of the Nasdaq, in each case with respect thereto.

     (b) No Subsidiary of Acquiror is required to file any form, report or
  other document with the SEC.

     (c) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each
  case, any notes thereto) contained in the Acquiror SEC Reports
  (collectively, the "Acquiror Financials") was or will be prepared in
  accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting principles
  ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated
  (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each fairly presented
  or will fairly present the consolidated financial position, results of
  operations and cash flows of Acquiror and all Subsidiaries of Acquiror as
  of the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods indicated
  therein in accordance with GAAP (subject, in the case of unaudited
  financial statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and the
  absence of certain footnote disclosures).

     (d) Acquiror has previously furnished to Target complete and correct
  copies of all amendments and modifications that have not been filed by
  Acquiror with the SEC to all agreements, documents and other instruments
  that previously had been filed by Acquiror with the SEC and are currently
  in effect.

   3.7 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.

     (a) Except as and to the extent set forth on the consolidated balance
  sheet of Acquiror and its Subsidiaries for the period ended September 30,
  2000 (such consolidated balance sheet, the "Acquiror Balance Sheet" and
  such date, the "Acquiror Balance Sheet Date"), neither Acquiror nor any
  Subsidiary of it (i) had as of the Acquiror Balance Sheet Date, or (ii)
  currently has, in each case any liability or obligation of any nature
  (whether accrued, absolute, matured or unmatured, fixed, contingent or
  otherwise) that would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet
  prepared in accordance with GAAP, except for liabilities and obligations
  disclosed in any Acquiror SEC Report filed since the Acquiror Balance Sheet
  Date and prior to the date hereof or incurred in the ordinary course of
  business consistent with past practice.

     (b) Since December 31, 1999 (i) there has not been, not occurred and not
  arisen any change in accounting methods or practices (including any change
  in depreciation or amortization policies or rates, any change in policies
  in making or reversing accruals, or any change in capitalization of
  software development costs) by Acquiror or any revaluation by Acquiror of
  any of its or any of its Subsidiaries' assets, except as required by GAAP
  or the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC (the "Acquiror
  Accounting Practice"), and (ii) the Acquiror Balance Sheet was prepared in
  accordance and consistent with the Acquiror Accounting Practice.

   3.8 Absence of Certain Changes. Except as contemplated by this Agreement or
as disclosed in the Acquiror SEC Reports filed on or prior to February 8,
2001, since the Acquiror Balance Sheet Date, Acquiror has conducted its
business in the ordinary course in a manner consistent with past practice and
there has not occurred any:

     (a) amendments or changes to the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
  of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries;

                                     A-28

     (b) declaration, setting aside or payment of a dividend or other
  distribution in respect to the capital stock of Acquiror, or any direct or
  indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition by Acquiror of any of
  its capital stock;

     (c) termination or material amendment relating to payments thereunder of
  any material contract, agreement or license (including any distribution
  agreement) between Acquiror and either of Medtronic Physio-Control, Inc. or
  Agilent Technologies Inc.;

     (d) notice of any claim of ownership by a third party of Acquiror
  Intellectual Property (as defined below) or of infringement by Acquiror or
  any of its Subsidiaries of Acquiror Third Party Intellectual Property
  Rights (as defined below);

     (e) event or condition of any character that has had or would reasonably
  be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror; or

     (f) agreement by Acquiror or any officer or employee of Acquiror on
  behalf of such entity to do any of the things described in the preceding
  clauses (a) through (f) (other than negotiations with Target and its
  representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement).

   3.9 Litigation. Except as disclosed in the Acquiror SEC Reports filed prior
to February 8, 2001, there is no private or governmental action, suit,
proceeding or arbitration (or to the knowledge of Acquiror, a governmental,
administrative or regulatory investigation or inquiry) pending before any
agency, commission, association, court or tribunal, foreign or domestic, or, to
the knowledge of Target, threatened, against Acquiror or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or any of their respective
officers or directors (in their capacities as such) which is reasonably likely
to result in an injunction or damages payable by Acquiror or any of its
Subsidiaries in excess of $100,000. There is no judgment, decree or order
against Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
directors or officers (in their capacities as such) that would reasonably be
expected to prevent, enjoin, alter or delay any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. All litigation to which Acquiror or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party (or, to the knowledge of Target, is threatened to
become a party), is set forth in Section 3.9 of the Acquiror Disclosure
Schedule.

   3.10 Permits; Company Products; Regulation.

     (a) Each of Acquiror and its Subsidiaries is in possession of all
  material franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements,
  variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, approvals (including,
  without limitation, FDA approvals, licenses and permits, and any rights to
  use radio, television and other medium frequencies on a licensed or
  unlicensed basis) and orders necessary for Acquiror or such Subsidiaries to
  own, lease and operate its properties or to carry on its business as it is
  now being conducted (the "Acquiror Authorizations"), and no suspension,
  cancellation or substantial modification of any Acquiror Authorization is
  pending or, to the knowledge of Acquiror , threatened. Neither Acquiror nor
  any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of,
  (i) any laws applicable to Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries or by which
  any material property or asset of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is
  bound or affected, (ii) any Acquiror Authorization or (iii) any note, bond,
  mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise
  or other instrument or obligation to which Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries is a party or by which Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries or
  any property or asset of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or
  affected, except solely with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) to the extent
  that any such conflict, default or violation would not have a Material
  Adverse Effect on Acquiror.

     (b) Except as disclosed in the Acquiror SEC Reports filed prior to
  February 8, 2001, since January 1, 1998, Acquiror has not received any
  written notices, citations or decisions by any governmental or regulatory
  body that any material product developed, produced, manufactured, marketed
  or distributed at any time by Acquiror or any Subsidiary (the "Acquiror
  Products") is defective or fails to meet any applicable standards
  promulgated by any such governmental or regulatory body. Acquiror and each
  Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with the laws,
  regulations, policies, procedures and

                                      A-29

  specifications with respect to the development, design, manufacture,
  labeling, testing and inspection of the Acquiror Products and the operation
  of manufacturing facilities promulgated by the FDA. None of the Acquiror
  Products is the subject of any pending, or to Acquiror's knowledge,
  threatened recall, field notifications or seizures by the FDA.

     (c) Acquiror has obtained, in all countries where either Acquiror or a
  Subsidiary or any alliance partner thereof is manufacturing or marketing
  the Acquiror Products, all applicable licenses, registrations, approvals,
  clearances and authorizations required by local, state or federal agencies
  (including the FDA) in such countries regulating the safety, effectiveness
  and market clearance of the Acquiror Products currently manufactured or
  marketed by Acquiror or any Subsidiary or any corporate partner or
  sublicensee thereof in such countries. Acquiror has made available for
  examination by Target all information relating to regulation of the
  Acquiror Products, including licenses, registrations, approvals, permits,
  device listings, inspections, recalls and Acquiror Product actions, audits
  and ongoing field tests and clinical studies.

     (d) To the knowledge of Acquiror, there have been no adverse events in
  any field tests or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of Acquiror,
  any Subsidiary or, with respect to Acquiror Products, any alliance partner
  or sublicensee of any of them, of such a nature that would be required to
  be reported to any applicable regulatory authority that have not been so
  reported to such authority.

     (e) There is no judgment, injunction, pronouncement, order or decree
  which has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting
  or materially impairing any current or future business practice of Acquiror
  or any Subsidiary, any acquisition of property by Acquiror or any
  Subsidiary or the overall conduct of business by Acquiror or any Subsidiary
  as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted by Acquiror or by any
  Subsidiary. Neither Acquiror nor any Subsidiary has entered into any
  agreement under which Acquiror or any Subsidiary is restricted from
  selling, licensing or otherwise distributing any of its products to any
  class of customers, in any geographic area, during any period of time or in
  any segment of the market.

     (f) Neither Acquiror nor any Subsidiary has made any sales to customers
  that are contingent upon (x) providing future enhancements of existing
  products, (y) adding features not presently available on existing Acquiror
  Products or (z) otherwise enhancing the performance of its existing
  Acquiror Products (other than beta or similar arrangements pursuant to
  which Acquiror's customers from time to time test or evaluate products).
  The Acquiror Products that Acquiror and each Subsidiary have delivered to
  customers substantially comply with published specifications for such
  products and neither Acquiror nor any Subsidiary has received material
  complaints from customers about its products that remain unresolved.

   3.11 Intellectual Property.

     (a) Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries each owns all right, title and
  interest in and to, or is licensed to use or otherwise possesses all rights
  under, all Intellectual Property used in the business of Acquiror or any of
  its Subsidiaries as currently conducted by Acquiror or such Subsidiaries,
  including Acquiror Third Party Intellectual Property Rights (as such term
  is defined below) (the "Acquiror Intellectual Property").

     (b) Section 3.11(b) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule lists (i) all
  patents and patent applications and all registered and unregistered
  trademarks, trade names and service marks, and registered copyrights and
  domain names, included in the Acquiror Intellectual Property that are owned
  or purported to be owned by Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries, including
  the jurisdictions in which each such Acquiror Intellectual Property right
  has been issued or registered or in which any application for such issuance
  and registration has been filed, (ii) all licenses, sublicenses and other
  agreements as to which Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and
  pursuant to which any person is authorized to use any Acquiror Intellectual
  Property, and (iii) all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements as to
  which Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and pursuant to which
  Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is authorized to use any third-party
  Intellectual Property, including software but excluding any shrink-wrap
  licenses for retail office software (third-party Intellectual Property,
  including software, being used by Acquiror or any of its

                                      A-30

  Subsidiaries being referred to in this Agreement as "Acquiror Third-Party
  Intellectual Property Rights"). Neither Acquiror nor any of its
  Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of Acquiror, any third party is in
  material violation of any license, sublicense or agreement described in
  Section 3.11 of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule, nor to Acquiror's
  knowledge has there been any claim by any party to such agreement of such
  material violation. The Acquiror Intellectual Property is free and clear of
  any liens and, subject to the license agreements disclosed in the Acquiror
  Disclosure Schedule, Acquiror has sole and exclusive rights (and is not
  contractually obligated to pay any compensation to any third party in
  respect thereof) to the enforcement thereof in connection with the services
  or products in respect of which such Acquiror Intellectual Property is
  being used.

     (c) To the knowledge of Acquiror, there is no unauthorized use,
  disclosure, infringement or misappropriation of any Acquiror Intellectual
  Property rights, by any third party, including any employee or former
  employee of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Acquiror nor any
  of its Subsidiaries has entered into any agreement to indemnify any other
  person against any charge of infringement of any Intellectual Property,
  other than indemnification provisions contained in purchase orders or
  agreements for the sale, license or distribution of any Acquiror
  Intellectual Property or products containing Acquiror Intellectual Property
  arising in the ordinary course of business.

     (d) Neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries is or will be, as a
  result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the performance
  of its obligations under this Agreement, in breach of any license,
  sublicense or other agreement described in Sections 3.11 of the Acquiror
  Disclosure Schedule, nor will any other party to any such license,
  sublicense or agreement be entitled to terminate or modify such license,
  sublicense or agreement.

     (e) All issued patents, trademarks, service marks and copyrights held by
  Acquiror or any Subsidiary are valid and subsisting and, to Acquiror's
  knowledge, there is no assertion or claim pending challenging the validity
  thereof. Acquiror has not and, to its knowledge, is not being sued in any
  suit, action or proceeding that involves a claim of infringement of any
  patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights or violation of any trade
  secret or other proprietary right of any third party, nor, to the knowledge
  of Acquiror, is any such suit, action or proceeding being threatened
  against Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries, nor has Acquiror or any
  Subsidiary received a cease-and-desist notice relating to such a claim. To
  the knowledge of Acquiror, neither the conduct of the business of Acquiror
  and each Subsidiary as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted
  nor the development, manufacture, sale, licensing or use of any of the
  products of Acquiror or any Subsidiary as now developed, manufactured,
  sold, licensed or used infringes on, in any way, any license, trademark,
  trademark right, trade name, trade name right, valid patent, valid patent
  right, industrial model, invention, service mark, domain name or copyright
  of any third party. No third party is challenging the ownership by Acquiror
  or any Subsidiary, or the validity or effectiveness of, any of the Acquiror
  Intellectual Property. Neither Acquiror nor any Subsidiary has brought or
  is bringing any action, suit or proceeding for infringement of Acquiror
  Intellectual Property or breach of any license or agreement involving
  Intellectual Property against any third party. There are no pending or, to
  the knowledge of Acquiror, threatened interference, re-examinations,
  oppositions or nullities involving any patents, patent rights or
  applications therefor of Acquiror or any Subsidiary, except such as may
  have been commenced by Acquiror or any Subsidiary. There is presently no
  breach or violation of or actual loss or, to the knowledge of Acquiror,
  threatened loss of rights under any license agreement to which Acquiror or
  any Subsidiary is a party.

     (f) Each Acquiror Operational Employee (as defined below) has signed an
  intellectual property assignment agreement that legally, fully and
  effectively transfers to Acquiror any and all right, title and interest
  which the named Acquiror Operational Employee may have or acquire in and to
  the Acquiror Intellectual Property. "Target Operational Employee" means any
  current or former non-clerical employee or consultant of Acquiror.

     (g) Acquiror has taken all commercially reasonable steps to protect and
  preserve the confidentiality of all Acquiror Intellectual Property not
  otherwise protected by patents, patent applications or copyright

                                      A-31

  ("Acquiror Confidential Information"). Each of Acquiror and each Subsidiary
  has a policy requiring each employee, consultant and independent contractor
  to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements
  substantially in Acquiror's standard forms and all current and former
  employees, consultant and independent contractors of Acquiror and each
  Subsidiary have executed such an agreement. All use, disclosure or
  appropriation of Acquiror Confidential Information owned by Acquiror or a
  Subsidiary by or to a third party has been pursuant to the terms of a
  written agreement between Acquiror or the applicable Subsidiary and such
  third party. All use, disclosure or appropriation of Acquiror Confidential
  Information not owned by Acquiror or a Subsidiary has been pursuant to the
  terms of a written agreement between Acquiror or a Subsidiary and the owner
  of such Acquiror Confidential Information, or is otherwise lawful.

   3.12 Environmental Matters.

     (a) The following terms shall be defined as follows:

       (i) "Acquiror Property" shall mean all real property leased or owned
    by Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries either currently or in the past.

       (ii) "Acquiror Facilities" shall mean all buildings and improvements
    on the Acquiror Property.

     (b) Acquiror represents and warrants as follows: (i) (x) to the
  knowledge of Acquiror, prior to the term of Acquiror's leases on the
  Acquiror Facilities, and (y) during the term of Acquiror's leases on the
  Acquiror Facilities, no methylene chloride or asbestos is contained in or
  has been used at or released from the Acquiror Facilities; (ii) all
  Hazardous Materials and wastes utilized or generated by Acquiror have been
  disposed of in accordance with all Environmental and Safety Laws; (iii)
  neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice
  (verbal or written) of any noncompliance of the Acquiror Facilities or of
  its past or present operations with Environmental and Safety Laws; (iv) no
  notices, administrative actions or suits are pending or, to Acquiror's
  knowledge, threatened relating to Hazardous Materials or a violation of any
  Environmental and Safety Laws; (v) neither Acquiror nor any of its
  Subsidiaries is a potentially responsible party under the federal
  Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
  ("CERCLA"), or any state analog statute, arising out of events occurring
  prior to the Closing Date; (vi) (x) to the knowledge of Acquiror, prior to
  the term of Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror Facilities there has not
  been, and (y) during the term of Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror
  Facilities there has not been and are not now, any contamination, disposal,
  spilling, dumping, incineration, discharge, storage, treatment or handling
  of Hazardous Materials on, under or migrating to or from the Acquiror
  Facilities or Acquiror Property (including without limitation, soils and
  surface and ground waters); (vii) (x) to the knowledge of Acquiror, prior
  to the term of Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror Facilities there have not
  been, and (y) to the best knowledge of Acquiror, during the term of
  Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror Facilities there have not been and are
  not now, any underground tanks or underground improvements at, on or under
  the Acquiror Property including without limitation, treatment or storage
  tanks, sumps, or water, gas or oil wells; (viii) (x) to the knowledge of
  Acquiror, prior to the term of Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror Facilities
  there have not been, and (y) during the term of Acquiror's leases on the
  Acquiror Facilities there have not been and are not now, any
  polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs") deposited, stored, disposed of or
  located on the Acquiror Property or Acquiror Facilities or any equipment on
  the Acquiror Property containing PCBs at levels in excess of 50 parts per
  million; (ix) (x) to the knowledge of Acquiror, prior to the term of
  Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror Facilities there has not been, and (y)
  during the term of Acquiror's leases on the Acquiror Facilities there has
  not been and is not now, any formaldehyde on the Acquiror Property or in
  the Acquiror Facilities, nor any insulating material containing urea
  formaldehyde in the Acquiror Facilities; (x) during the term of Acquiror's
  leases on the Acquiror Facilities, Acquiror's and its Subsidiaries' uses
  and activities therein, and to Acquiror's knowledge prior to the term of
  such leases all other uses and activities therein, have at all times
  complied with all Environmental and Safety Laws; (xi) Acquiror and its
  Subsidiaries have all the permits and licenses required to be issued and
  are in full compliance with the terms and conditions of those permits; and
  (xii) neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries is liable for any off-
  site contamination nor under any Environmental and Safety Laws.

                                     A-32

   3.13 Taxes.

     (a) For purposes of this Section 3.13 and other provisions of this
  Agreement relating to Taxes of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries, the
  following definitions shall apply:

       (i) The term "Taxes" shall mean all taxes, however denominated,
    including any interest, penalties or other additions to tax that may
    become payable in respect thereof, (A) imposed by any federal,
    territorial, state, local or foreign government or any agency or
    political subdivision of any such government, which taxes shall
    include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all income
    or profits taxes (including, but not limited to, federal, state and
    foreign income taxes), payroll and employee withholding taxes,
    unemployment insurance contributions, social security taxes, sales and
    use taxes, ad valorem taxes, excise taxes, franchise taxes, gross
    receipts taxes, withholding taxes, business license taxes, occupation
    taxes, real and personal property taxes, stamp taxes, environmental
    taxes, transfer taxes, workers' compensation, Pension Benefit Guaranty
    Corporation premiums and other governmental charges, and other
    obligations of the same or of a similar nature to any of the foregoing,
    which are required to be paid, withheld or collected, (B) any liability
    for the payment of amounts referred to in Clause (A) as a result of
    being a member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary
    group, or (C) any liability for amounts referred to in the foregoing
    clause (A) or (B) as a result of any obligations to indemnify another
    person.

       (ii) The term "Returns" shall mean all reports, estimates,
    declarations of estimated tax, information statements and returns,
    including any schedule or attachment thereto and any amendments
    thereof, required to be filed in connection with any Taxes, including
    information returns with respect to backup withholding and other
    payments to third parties.

     (b) All Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of Acquiror or any
  of its Subsidiaries have been duly filed on a timely basis (including any
  extensions of due dates) and such Returns are true, complete and correct in
  all material respects. All Taxes shown to be payable on such Returns or on
  subsequent assessments with respect thereto, and all payments of estimated
  Taxes required to be made by or on behalf of Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries under Section 6655 of the Code or comparable provisions of
  state, local or foreign law, have been paid in full on a timely basis, and
  no other Taxes are payable by Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries with
  respect to items or periods covered by such Returns (whether or not shown
  on or reportable on such Returns). Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries
  has withheld and paid over all Taxes required to have been withheld and
  paid over, and complied in all material respects with all information
  reporting and backup withholding in connection with amounts paid or owing
  to any employee, creditor, independent contractor or other third party.
  There are no liens on any of the assets of Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries with respect to Taxes, other than liens for Taxes not yet due
  and payable or for Taxes that Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries is
  contesting in good faith through appropriate proceedings. Neither Acquiror
  nor any of its Subsidiaries has been at any time a member of an affiliated
  group of corporations filing consolidated, combined or unitary income or
  franchise tax returns for a period for which the statute of limitations for
  any Tax potentially applicable as a result of such membership has not
  expired, other than a group of which Acquiror is the parent corporation.

     (c) The amount of Acquiror's and any of its Subsidiaries' liabilities
  for unpaid Taxes for all periods through the Acquiror Balance Sheet Date do
  not, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of the current liability accruals
  for Taxes reflected on the Acquiror Balance Sheet and the related Acquiror
  Financials, and such Acquiror Financials properly accrue, in accordance
  with GAAP, all liabilities for Taxes of Acquiror and its Subsidiaries
  payable after the Acquiror Balance Sheet Date attributable to transactions
  and events occurring prior to such date. No liability for Taxes of Acquiror
  or any of its Subsidiaries has been incurred (or prior to Closing will be
  incurred) between the Acquiror Balance Sheet Date and the date of this
  Agreement other than in the ordinary course of business, and all accruals
  for Taxes are and will be sufficient to pay all unpaid Taxes as of the
  Closing Date.

                                      A-33

     (d) Acquiror has furnished or made available to Acquiror true and
  complete copies of (i) relevant portions of income tax audit reports,
  statements of deficiencies, closing or other agreements received by or on
  behalf of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries relating to Taxes and (ii)
  all federal, state and foreign income or franchise tax returns and state
  sales and use tax Returns for or including Acquiror and its Subsidiaries
  for all periods since January 1, 1998.

     (e) No audit of the Returns of or including Acquiror and its
  Subsidiaries by a Governmental Entity or taxing authority is in process,
  or, to the knowledge of Acquiror, threatened (either in writing or
  verbally, formally or informally). No deficiencies exist or are being
  asserted (either in writing or verbally, formally or informally) or are
  expected to be asserted with respect to Taxes of Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries and, since January 1, 1998, Acquiror has not received written
  notice nor does it expect to receive any such notice that it or any of its
  Subsidiaries has not filed a Return or paid Taxes required to be filed or
  paid. Neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any action
  or proceeding for assessment or collection of Taxes nor has such event been
  asserted or threatened (either in writing or verbally)against Acquiror, any
  Subsidiary of it or any of their respective assets. No waiver or extension
  of any statute of limitations is in effect with respect to Taxes or Returns
  of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries. There are no Tax rulings, requests
  for rulings or closing agreements relating to Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to affect the liability for
  Taxes or the amount of taxable income of Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries for any period (or portion of a period) after the date hereof.
  Without limiting the representations and warranties set forth in clause (c)
  above, Acquiror and each Subsidiary of it has disclosed on its federal and
  state income and franchise tax returns all positions taken therein that
  could give rise to a substantial understatement penalty within the meaning
  of Section 6662 of the Code or comparable provisions of applicable state
  tax laws. Any adjustment of Taxes of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries
  made by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") in any examination that is
  required to be reported to the appropriate state, local or foreign taxing
  authorities has been reported, and any additional Taxes due with respect
  thereto have been paid.

   3.14 Employee Benefit Plans.

     (a) Section 3.14(a) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
  true and correct list, with a summary of each such plan's material terms,
  of each material deferred compensation plan, incentive compensation plan,
  equity compensation plan, "welfare" plan, fund or program (within the
  meaning of section 3(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
  1974, as amended ("ERISA")); "pension" plan, fund or program (within the
  meaning of section 3(2) of ERISA); each material employment, termination or
  severance agreement (other than employment letters with employees entered
  into in the ordinary course of business); and each other material employee
  benefit plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement, in each case, that
  is (or, with respect to any pension plan that is or was subject to Title IV
  of ERISA, during any time in the last six years was) sponsored, maintained,
  participated in or contributed to or required to be contributed to (the
  "Acquiror Employee Plans") by Acquiror, any of its Subsidiaries or by any
  trade or business, whether or not incorporated (an "ERISA Affiliate"), all
  of which together with Acquiror would be deemed a "single employer" within
  the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA, for the benefit of any employee or
  former employee of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries.

     (b) To the extent that Acquiror has provided or made available any of
  the following documents to Acquiror, the copies so provided or made
  available were true and correct copies of such documents: (i) any Acquiror
  Employee Plan document including all amendments thereto; (ii) any actuarial
  report for such Acquiror Employee Plan for each of the last two years,
  (iii) the most recent determination letter from the Internal Revenue
  Service for any such Acquiror Employee Plan; (iv) the most recent summary
  plan description and related summaries of modifications or (v) the most
  recent Form 5500 (including all schedules) filed with the IRS.

     (c) Each of the Acquiror Employee Plans is in compliance with all
  applicable provisions of the Code and ERISA; each of the Acquiror Employee
  Plans and related trusts intended to be "qualified" within the meaning of
  Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code has received a favorable
  determination letter from the IRS and nothing has occurred to cause the
  loss of such qualified status; no Acquiror Employee Plan has an

                                      A-34

  accumulated or waived funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 412
  of the Code; all contributions required to be made by Acquiror or any
  Subsidiary of it to any Acquiror Employee Plan have been made by the due
  date; neither Acquiror nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, directly or
  indirectly, any liability to or on account of an Acquiror Employee Plan
  pursuant to Title IV of ERISA (other than for premiums not yet due to the
  Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation); to the knowledge of Acquiror no
  proceedings have been instituted to terminate any Acquiror Employee Plan
  that is subject to Title IV of ERISA; no "reportable event," as such term
  is defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any
  Acquiror Employee Plan (other than a reportable event with respect to which
  the thirty day notice period has been waived); and no condition exists that
  presents a risk to Acquiror of incurring a liability to or on account of an
  Acquiror Employee Plan pursuant to Title IV of ERISA; no Acquiror Employee
  Plan is a multiemployer plan (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of
  ERISA) and no Acquiror Employee Plan is a multiple employer plan (as
  defined in Section 413 of the Code); except as required by Section 4980B of
  the Code or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA, no Acquiror Employee Plan provides
  post-retirement welfare benefits and there are no pending, or to the
  knowledge of Acquiror, threatened or anticipated claims (other than routine
  claims for benefits) by, on behalf of or against any of the Acquiror
  Employee Plans or any trusts related thereto or against Acquiror, any
  Subsidiary of it or any individual or entity for which the Acquiror
  Employee Plans, Acquiror or any Subsidiary of it may have liability; all
  employee benefit plans that are subject to the laws of any jurisdiction
  outside the United States are in compliance with such applicable laws and
  the requirements of any trust deed or other document under which they are
  established or maintained.

     (d) With respect to each Acquiror Employee Plan, Acquiror and each
  Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with (i) the applicable
  health-care continuation and notice provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus
  Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA") and the proposed regulations
  thereunder, (ii) the applicable requirements of the Family and Medical
  Leave Act of 1993 and the regulations thereunder, and (iii) the applicable
  notice requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and
  Accountability Act of 1996 and the temporary regulations thereunder.

     (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
  will not (i) entitle any current or former employee or other service
  provider of Acquiror, any Subsidiary of it or any other ERISA Affiliate to
  severance benefits or any other payment, except as expressly provided in
  this Agreement, or (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting of any
  such benefits (except as required under Section 411(d)(3) of the Code), or
  increase the amount of compensation due any such employee or service
  provider.

     (f) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or
  announcement (whether or not written) by Acquiror, any Subsidiary of it or
  other ERISA Affiliate relating to, or change in participation or coverage
  under, any Acquiror Employee Plan that would increase the expense of
  maintaining such Acquiror Employee Plan above the level of expense incurred
  with respect to that Acquiror Employee Plan for the most recent fiscal year
  included in the Acquiror Financials.

     (g) (i) Acquiror and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability
  under, and have complied in all respects with, the Worker Adjustment
  Retraining Notification Act (the "WARN Act") and, to the knowledge of
  Acquiror, no fact or event exists as of the date of this Agreement that
  would reasonably be expected to give rise to liability under the WARN Act;
  (ii) no compensation paid or payable to any employee of Acquiror or any
  Subsidiary of it has been, or will be, nondeductible by reason of
  application of Section 162(m) of the Code; and (iii) neither Acquiror nor
  any of its Subsidiaries has any obligations under COBRA with respect to any
  former employees or their related qualifying beneficiaries.

     (h) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the
  consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any
  payment (including, without limitation, severance, unemployment
  compensation, golden parachute, bonus or otherwise) becoming due to any
  director or employee of Acquiror or any Subsidiary of it, (ii) materially
  increase any benefits otherwise payable by Acquiror or any Subsidiary of
  it, or (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting
  of any such benefits.

                                      A-35

   3.15 Employee Matters. Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries are in
compliance in all material respects with all currently applicable federal,
state, local and foreign laws and regulations respecting employment,
discrimination in employment, terms and conditions of employment, wages, hours
and occupational safety and health and employment practices, and is not engaged
in any unfair labor practice. There are no material pending claims against
Acquiror or any Subsidiary of it under any workers compensation plan or policy
or for long-term disability. There is no pending strike, lockout, work slowdown
or work stoppage involving Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries and any of their
respective employees. Neither Acquiror nor any Subsidiary of it is a party to
any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract nor does
Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries know of any activities or proceedings of
any labor union or other group to organize any such employees.

   3.16 Certain Contracts.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.16(a) of the Acquiror Disclosure
  Schedule, neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or
  bound by any contract or commitment (whether written or oral) (i) which,
  upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
  will (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional acts or events)
  result in any payment or benefits (whether of severance pay or otherwise)
  becoming due, or the acceleration or vesting of any rights to any payment
  or benefits, from Acquiror, the Surviving Corporation or any of their
  respective Subsidiaries to any director, officer, employee, contractor or
  consultant thereof, (ii) which is a material contract (as defined in Item
  601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC) to be performed after the date of
  this Agreement that has not been filed or incorporated by reference in the
  Acquiror SEC Reports, (iii) which materially increases any benefits
  otherwise payable under any Acquiror compensation plan or other benefit
  arrangement, (iv) which requires Acquiror to register any securities under
  the Securities Act or otherwise or (v) which materially restricts the
  conduct of any line of business by Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries.
  Each contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding of the type
  described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.16(a), whether or not set forth
  in Section 3.16(a) of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule, is referred to
  herein as a "Acquiror Contract." Acquiror has previously delivered or made
  available to target true and correct copies of each Acquiror Contract.

     (b) (i) Each Acquiror Contract is valid and binding and in full force
  and effect, (ii) neither Acquiror nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default
  in respect of its obligations under any Acquiror Contract, (iii) no event
  or condition exists which constitutes or, after notice or lapse of time or
  both, would constitute, a default on the part of Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries under any Acquiror Contract, and (iv) no other party to any
  Acquiror Contract is, to the knowledge of Acquiror, in default in any
  respect thereunder.

   3.17 Customers and Suppliers; Warranty Obligations.

     (a) Neither of Medtronic Physio-Control, Inc. or Agilent Technologies
  Inc., or any material supplier, has cancelled or otherwise terminated, or
  made any written threat to Acquiror to cancel or otherwise terminate its
  relationship with Acquiror, or has at any time on or after the Acquiror
  Balance Sheet Date decreased materially its services or supplies to
  Acquiror in the case of any such supplier, or its usage of the services or
  products of Acquiror in the case of such customer, and to Acquiror's
  knowledge, none of such parties intends to cancel or otherwise terminate
  its relationship with Acquiror or to decrease materially its services or
  supplies to Acquiror or its usage of the services or products of Acquiror;
  excluding, however, decreases pursuant to the terms of such parties'
  agreements upon the occurrence of certain events and conditions described
  therein. Acquiror is not in material breach of any contract with any such
  party.

     (b) All warranty claims or similar claims made in respect of any
  Acquiror Products since December 31, 1998 have been settled or otherwise
  are adequately covered by Acquiror's warranty reserves.

                                      A-36

   3.18 Interested Party Transactions. Neither Acquiror nor any of its
Subsidiaries is indebted to any director, officer, employee or agent of
Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries of it or any affiliate or immediate family
member of any of the foregoing (except for amounts due as normal salaries and
bonuses and other employee benefits and in reimbursement of ordinary expenses),
and no such person is indebted to Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries. None of
Acquiror's or any of its Subsidiaries' officers or directors, or, to Acquiror's
knowledge, any affiliates or immediate family members of the foregoing, have
any material interest in any firm or corporation with which Acquiror or any of
its Subsidiaries is affiliated or with which Acquiror or any of its
Subsidiaries has a business relationship, or any firm or corporation which
competes with Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries except that officers,
directors and/or stockholders of Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries may own
stock in (but not exceeding two percent of the outstanding capital stock of)
any publicly traded companies that may compete with Acquiror or any of its
Subsidiaries. To Acquiror's knowledge, none of Acquiror's or any of its
Subsidiaries' officers or directors, or any affiliates or immediate family
members of the foregoing, are, directly or indirectly, interested in any
Acquiror Contract.

   3.19 Insurance. Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries has or is a named
beneficiary under policies of insurance and bonds of the type and in amounts
customarily carried by persons conducting businesses or owning assets similar
to those of Acquiror and its Subsidiaries. All such casualty and property
policies are "claims incurred" policies. There is no claim pending under any of
such policies or bonds. All such policies are in full force and effect, and all
premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have been paid and
Acquiror and its Subsidiaries are otherwise in compliance in all material
respects with the terms of such policies and bonds. Acquiror has no knowledge
of any threatened termination of, or premium increase with respect to, any of
such policies.

   3.20 Compliance with Laws. Each of Acquiror and its Subsidiaries has
complied in all material respects with, is not in material violation of, and,
since January 1, 1998, has not received any notices of material violation with
respect to, any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law or regulation
with respect to the conduct of its business or the ownership or operation of
its business.

   3.21 Brokers' and Finders' Fees. Other than the fees payable to U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffrey and A.G. Edwards (collectively, the "Acquiror Financial Advisor")
as set forth in Section 3.21 of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule, Acquiror has
not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for
brokers' or finders' fees, agents' commissions or investment bankers' fees or
any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated hereby.

   3.22 Statements; Joint Proxy Statements/Prospectus. The information supplied
by Acquiror for inclusion in the Registration Statement shall not, at the time
the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The information
supplied by Acquiror for inclusion in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
shall not, on the date the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus is first mailed to
Acquiror's stockholders or Target's stockholders, respectively, or at the time
of the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting or the Target Stockholders' Meeting,
respectively, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are
made, not false or misleading, or omit to state any material fact necessary to
correct any statement in any earlier communication with respect to the
solicitation of proxies for the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting or the Target
Stockholders' Meeting, respectively, which has become false or misleading. The
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material
respects with the provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder. If at any time prior to the Effective Time
any event relating to Acquiror or any of its affiliates, officers or directors
should be discovered by Acquiror that is required to be set forth in an
amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, Acquiror shall promptly so inform Target. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Acquiror makes no representation or warranty with respect to any
information supplied by Target that is contained in any of the foregoing
documents.

                                      A-37

   3.23 Board Approval. The Acquiror Board of Directors (at a meeting duly and
validly called and held) has duly and validly (a) unanimously determined that
the Merger is advisable and in the best interests of the stockholders of
Acquiror and is on terms that are fair to such stockholders, (b) authorized and
approved the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Acquiror
and unanimously approved this Agreement and the Merger, and (c) unanimously
recommended that the stockholders of Acquiror approve the adoption of this
Agreement, the approval of the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock
in connection with the Merger and the increase in the number of shares of
Acquiror Common Stock reserved for issuance under Acquiror's stock option
plans.

   3.24 Opinion of Financial Advisor. Acquiror has received a written or verbal
opinion of the Acquiror Financial Advisor on or prior to the date of this
Agreement, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, the Exchange
Ratio is fair to Acquiror from a financial point of view. Acquiror has, prior
to execution of this Agreement by Target, delivered a true and correct copy of
the draft written opinion of the Acquiror Financial Advisor to Target for
informational purposes only.

   3.25 Valid Issuance. The Acquiror Common Stock to be issued in the Merger,
when issued in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (a) will be
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and (b) upon the filing of the
Registration Statement with the SEC and its effectiveness under the Securities
Act, will not be subject to any restrictions on resale under the Securities Act
other than restrictions imposed by Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities
Act.

   3.26 DGCL Section 203. The provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law will not apply to Acquiror, this Agreement or the Merger or any
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

   3.27 Representations Complete. None of the representations or warranties
made by Acquiror herein or in any Schedule hereto, including the Acquiror
Disclosure Schedule, or certificate furnished by Acquiror pursuant to this
Agreement, when all such documents are read together in their entirety,
contains or will contain at the Effective Time any untrue statement of a
material fact, or omits or will omit at the Effective Time to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
materially misleading.

                                      A-38

                                  SECTION FOUR

4. Conduct Prior to the Effective Time.

   4.1 Conduct of Business of Target. During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, and except (i) as contemplated or
permitted by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) as provided in Section 4.1 of
the Target Disclosure Schedule and (iii) to the extent otherwise previously
consented to by Acquiror in writing (which consent shall be withheld or delayed
in Acquiror's sole discretion), Target and each Target Subsidiary shall carry
on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, in substantially the
same manner as heretofore conducted and in compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations, and use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with
past practices and policies to (a) preserve intact its present business
organization, (b) keep available the services of its present officers and
employees and (c) preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business
dealings. In addition, Target will promptly notify Acquiror of any event that
it reasonably believes could have a Material Adverse Effect on Target or the
Surviving Corporation.

   In addition, except as contemplated or permitted by the terms of this
Agreement and except as provided in Section 4.1 of the Target Disclosure
Schedule, without the prior written consent of Acquiror (which consent shall be
withheld or delayed in Acquiror's sole discretion), during the period from the
date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, Target shall not
do, cause or permit, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to do, cause or
permit any of the following:

     (a) Waive any stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the
  period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or reprice options
  granted pursuant to any employee, consultant, director or other stock
  plans, including the Target Equity Plans, or authorize cash payments in
  exchange for any options granted under any of such plans;

     (b) Grant any severance or termination pay, or other economic rights, to
  any officer or employee, except pursuant to written agreements outstanding
  or published policies existing on the date hereof and as previously
  disclosed in writing or made available to Acquiror, or adopt any new
  severance plan;

     (c) Transfer or license to any person or otherwise extend, amend or
  modify in any material respect any rights to, or enter into grants to
  future rights related to, any Target Intellectual Property, except non-
  exclusive licenses to end users in the ordinary course of business
  consistent with past practices;

     (d) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
  distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in
  respect of any capital stock (other than distributions from a Target
  Subsidiary to Target) or split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or
  issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
  lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock;

     (e) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
  shares of capital stock of Target or the Target Subsidiaries, except
  repurchases of unvested shares at cost or lower in connection with the
  termination of the employment relationship with any employee pursuant to
  and in accordance with the express terms of a stock option purchase
  agreement or employment agreement in effect on the date hereof;

     (f) Issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber any
  shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of
  capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any
  shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of
  capital stock, including under any of the Target Equity Plans, or enter
  into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to
  issue any such shares or convertible securities, other than the issuance,
  delivery and/or sale of shares of Target Common Stock pursuant to the
  exercise for cash of Target options or stock purchase rights outstanding
  under the Target Equity Plans as of the date of this Agreement;

     (g) Cause, permit or propose any amendments to the Certificate of
  Incorporation, Bylaws or similar organizational documents of Target or any
  Target Subsidiary;

                                      A-39

     (h) Acquire, or propose or agree to acquire, by merging or consolidating
  with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a material portion of the
  assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation,
  partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof
  or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets or capital stock that
  is material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business of Target or
  the Target Subsidiaries or enter into any material joint ventures,
  strategic partnerships or alliances;

     (i) Sell, lease, license, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of any
  properties or assets of Target or the Target Subsidiaries, except in the
  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or enter into a
  new line of business;

     (j) Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
  indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
  options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of
  Target or any Target Subsidiary, enter into any "keep well" or other
  agreement to maintain any financial statement condition or enter into any
  arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing other than
  in connection with Target's financing of ordinary-course trade payables
  consistent with past practice and not to exceed $2,000,000 in the aggregate
  (it being understood and agreed that Target shall not borrow, draw down
  upon, request any letters of credit or otherwise incur any indebtedness
  obligations under that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated February
  26, 1993 (as amended) between Target and Silicon Valley Bank or any
  amendments, modifications, continuations or replacements thereto);

     (k) Except as set forth in Sections 1.6(d)(iv), 1.6(e) and 5.15(b),
  adopt, amend or terminate any employee benefit plan or employee stock
  purchase or employee stock option plan, including the Target Equity Plans,
  or enter into any employment contract or collective bargaining agreement
  (other than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the
  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with employees
  who are terminable "at will" without severance), pay any special bonus or
  special remuneration to any director or executive officer, or except in the
  ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, increase the
  salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to severance or
  indemnification) of, its directors, officers, employees or consultants, or
  change in any material respect any management policies or procedures;

     (l) Enter into, modify, amend or terminate any material contract or
  agreement to which Target or any Target Subsidiary is a party or waive,
  release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder;

     (m) (i) Other than in the ordinary course of business and in each case
  after consultation with Acquiror (except in cases of closing out sales in
  the Pipeline in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
  practice), enter into any contracts, agreements or obligations relating to
  the distribution, sale, license or marketing by third parties of Products
  or other products licensed by Target or any Target Subsidiary or (ii) enter
  into any agreement that provides for payments by Target in excess of
  $200,000;

     (n) Revalue any of its assets or, except as required by GAAP, change its
  accounting methods, principles or practices as in effect as of the Target
  Balance Sheet Date;

     (o) Engage in any action or enter into any transaction or permit any
  action to be taken or transaction to be entered into that could reasonably
  be expected to (i) delay in any material respect the consummation of, or
  otherwise adversely affect, any of the transactions contemplated by this
  Agreement, or (ii) increase the likelihood that a Governmental Entity will
  seek to object to or challenge the consummation of any of the transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement;

     (p) Fail to make in a timely matter any filings with the SEC required
  under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
  promulgated thereunder;

     (q) Make any capital expenditure in excess of (i) $75,000 individually
  or (ii) $225,000 in the aggregate, taking into account all capital
  expenditures between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time;

                                      A-40

     (r) Make or change any Tax election, adopt or change any accounting
  method in respect of Taxes, enter into any closing agreement, consent to
  any extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any claim
  or assessment in respect of Taxes, or settle or compromise any Tax
  liability; or

     (s) Agree in writing to or otherwise take any of the actions described
  in Clauses (a) through (r) above.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.1, Target may:

     (t) Continue negotiations with the entities (other than Silicon Valley
  Bank) specifically listed in Section 2.8(i) of the Target Disclosure
  Schedule, and enter into commercial agreements with such entities in
  connection with such negotiations, in each case with the consent of
  Acquiror (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld so long as such
  commercial agreements do not contain terms and conditions (i) that are
  manifestly adverse to Target or (ii) that adversely impact or otherwise
  conflict with Acquiror's current distribution and partnership
  relationships); provided, that Target shall actively and consistently keep
  Acquiror apprised of the status of negotiations and shall promptly deliver
  to Acquiror all information in respect of such negotiations that is
  reasonably requested by Acquiror as well as a true and correct copy of any
  final executed documentation; and

     (u) Continue negotiations and enter into a credit facility with Silicon
  Valley Bank; provided, however, that such credit facility shall be on the
  terms and conditions as set forth in Exhibit 2.8(i) of the Target
  Disclosure Schedule or on terms and conditions that are not materially less
  favorable to Target; and provided further, that Target shall actively and
  consistently keep Acquiror apprised of the status of negotiations with
  Silicon Valley Bank and shall promptly deliver to Acquiror all information
  in respect of such negotiations that is reasonably requested by Acquiror as
  well as a true and correct copy of any final executed documentation.

   4.2 Conduct of Business of Acquiror. During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, and except as contemplated or
permitted by the terms of this Agreement and except as provided in Section 4.2
of the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule:

     (a) Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries shall not:

       (i) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
    distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property)
    in respect of any capital stock (other than distributions from a
    Subsidiary to Acquiror or a Subsidiary of Acquiror) or split, combine
    or reclassify any capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of
    any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
    any capital stock; or

       (ii) Issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber
    any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares
    of capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to
    acquire any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into
    shares of capital stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments
    of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible
    securities, other than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of shares of
    Acquiror Common Stock pursuant to any Acquiror Contract or the exercise
    for cash of Acquiror options or stock purchase rights outstanding under
    the Acquiror Equity Plans as of the date of this Agreement; and

     (b) Acquiror shall use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent
  with past practices and policies to:

       (i) Preserve intact its present business organization; and

       (ii) Preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
    distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has
    business dealings; and

       (iii) Promptly notify Target of any event that it reasonably
    believes could have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror.

                                      A-41

     (c) Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries shall not acquire and/or enter
  into agreements to acquire, other corporate entities, lines of business and
  comparable concerns, for aggregate consideration exceeding ten percent
  (10%) of Acquiror's market capitalization as of the effective time of such
  acquisition, whether by stock purchase, asset purchase, merger or otherwise
  and whether for consideration consisting of cash, stock or a combination of
  the same; and nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Acquiror or any of
  its Subsidiaries from entering into such acquisitions or agreements to
  acquire so long as the aggregate consideration paid in such does not exceed
  ten percent (10%) of Acquiror's market capitalization as of the effective
  time of such acquisition.

                                      A-42

                                  SECTION FIVE

5. Additional Agreements.

   5.1 Commercially Reasonable Efforts and Further Assurances.

     (a) Each of the parties to this Agreement shall use its commercially
  reasonable efforts to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby as
  promptly as practicable after the date hereof and to fulfill and cause to
  be fulfilled the conditions to closing under this Agreement as promptly as
  practicable after the date hereof. Each of the parties to this Agreement,
  at the reasonable request of another party hereto, shall execute and
  deliver such other instruments and do and perform such other acts and
  things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting completely the
  consummation of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     (b) Target shall give prompt notice to Acquiror of any representation or
  warranty made by it contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or
  inaccurate in any material respect, or any failure of Target to comply with
  or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to
  be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement, in each case such
  that the conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied;
  provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the
  representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the
  conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.

     (c) Acquiror shall give prompt notice to Target of any representation or
  warranty made by it or MergerSub or contained in this Agreement becoming
  untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or any failure of Acquiror or
  MergerSub to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
  condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this
  Agreement, in each case such that the conditions set forth in Section
  6.2(a) would not be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification
  shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of
  the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this
  Agreement.

   5.2 Consents; Cooperation.

     (a) Each of Acquiror, MergerSub and Target shall use its commercially
  reasonable efforts to promptly (i) obtain from any Governmental Entity any
  consents, licenses, permits, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders
  required to be obtained or made by Acquiror, MergerSub or Target or any of
  their respective subsidiaries in connection with the authorization,
  execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
  transactions contemplated hereunder, and (ii) make or cooperate in the
  making of all necessary filings, and thereafter make or cooperate in the
  making of any other required submissions, with respect to this Agreement
  and the Merger required under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
  any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or by any
  Governmental Entity.

     (b) Each of Acquiror, MergerSub and Target shall use all commercially
  reasonable efforts to resolve such objections, if any, as may be asserted
  by any Governmental Entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by
  this Agreement under the HSR Act, the Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton
  Act, as amended, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and any
  other federal, state or foreign statutes, rules, regulations, orders or
  decrees that are designed to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having
  the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade
  (collectively, "Antitrust Laws"). In connection therewith, if any
  administrative or judicial action or proceeding is instituted (or
  threatened to be instituted) challenging any transaction contemplated by
  this Agreement as violative of any Antitrust Law, each of Acquiror,
  MergerSub and Target shall cooperate and use all commercially reasonable
  efforts vigorously to contest and resist any such action or proceeding and
  to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any decree, judgment,
  injunction or other order, whether temporary, preliminary or permanent
  (each an "Order"), that is in effect and that prohibits, prevents or
  restricts consummation of the Merger or any such other transactions, unless
  by mutual agreement Acquiror and Target decide that litigation is not in
  their respective best interests. The parties hereto will consult and
  cooperate with one another, and consider

                                      A-43

  in good faith the views of one another, in connection with any analyses,
  appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, arguments, opinions and
  proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of any party hereto in
  connection with proceedings under or relating to any Antitrust Laws.

     (c) From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective
  Time or the termination of this Agreement, each party shall promptly notify
  the other party in writing of any pending or, to the knowledge of such
  party, threatened, action, proceeding or investigation by any Governmental
  Entity or any other person (i) challenging or seeking material damages in
  connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereunder
  or (ii) seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger or
  the transactions contemplated hereunder or otherwise limit the right of
  Acquiror or its Subsidiaries to own or operate all or any portion of the
  businesses or assets of Target or any Target Subsidiaries.

     (d) Each of Acquiror and Target shall give or cause to be given any
  required notices to third parties, and use its commercially reasonable
  efforts to obtain all consents, waivers and approvals from third parties
  (i) necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions
  contemplated hereunder, (ii) disclosed or required to be disclosed in the
  Target Disclosure Schedule or the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule, or
  (iii) required to prevent a Material Adverse Effect on Target or Acquiror
  from occurring prior to or after the Effective Time. In the event that
  Acquiror or Target shall fail to obtain any third-party consent, waiver or
  approval described in this Section 5.2(d), it shall use its commercially
  reasonable efforts, and shall take any such actions reasonably requested by
  the other party, to minimize any adverse effect on Acquiror and Target,
  their respective subsidiaries and their respective businesses resulting (or
  that could reasonably be expected to result after the Effective Time) from
  the failure to obtain such consent, waiver or approval.

     (e) Each of Acquiror and Target will, and will cause their respective
  Subsidiaries to, take all reasonable actions necessary to comply promptly
  with all legal requirements that may be imposed on them with respect to the
  consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and will
  promptly cooperate with and furnish information to any party hereto
  necessary in connection with any such requirements imposed on such other
  party in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
  by this Agreement and will take all reasonable actions necessary to obtain
  (and will cooperate with the other parties hereto in obtaining) any
  consent, approval, order or authorization of, or any registration,
  declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity or other person
  required to be obtained or made in connection with the taking of any action
  contemplated by this Agreement.

     (f) It is agreed that notwithstanding the undertakings of the parties
  under this Section 5.2, Acquiror shall not be required to, and Target shall
  not without Acquiror's prior written consent, undertake any such action to
  attain such compliance or consent to the extent it requires the
  modification of any Material Contract or any Acquiror Contract, the
  discontinuance of any line of business of either Acquiror or Target or the
  expenditure of amounts, when aggregated between the parties, in excess of
  $150,000 (exclusive of transaction expenses for this Agreement and SEC
  registration fees).

   5.3 Access to Information.

     (a) Target shall afford Acquiror and its accountants, counsel and other
  representatives reasonable access during normal business hours during the
  period prior to the Effective Time to (i) all of its and its subsidiaries'
  properties, books, contracts, commitments and records and (ii) all other
  information concerning the business (including the status of the product
  development efforts), properties, results of operation and personnel
  (including information relating to all current and former employees' names,
  compensation rates, terminations and citizenship and immigration status) of
  its and its Subsidiaries as Acquiror may reasonably request. Target shall
  cooperate with Acquiror in formulating an integration plan and shall make
  such personnel and resources available as shall be reasonably required to
  commence implementation of such plan.

     (b) Acquiror shall afford Target and its accountants, counsel and other
  representatives reasonable access during normal business hours during the
  period prior to the Effective Time to conduct reasonable confirmatory due
  diligence as Target may reasonably request.

                                      A-44

     (c) From the date hereof until the Effective Time, Target shall confer
  with Acquiror on a regular and frequent basis to report operational matters
  of materiality to Target and the general status of ongoing operations to
  Target and the Target Subsidiaries.

     (d) No information or knowledge obtained by Acquiror or Target after the
  date hereof shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or
  warranty of Target or Acquiror, respectively, contained herein or the
  conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger. In
  the event Acquiror or Target obtains any such information that makes any
  representation or warranty of the other party contained herein materially
  untrue such that the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 or 6.3 would not
  be satisfied, then such party shall so notify the other party.

   5.4 Confidentiality. The parties acknowledge that Acquiror and Target have
previously executed a confidentiality agreement dated as of July 24, 2000 (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"), which Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

   5.5 Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement; Other Filings.

     (a) As promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement,
  Target and Acquiror will prepare and file with the SEC the Joint Proxy
  Statement/Prospectus and Acquiror will file with the SEC the Registration
  Statement in which the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be included as
  a prospectus. Each of Acquiror and Target shall, upon request, furnish each
  other with all information concerning themselves, their respective
  Subsidiaries, directors, officers and shareholders and such other matters
  as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with the Joint
  Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the Registration Statement or any Other Filings
  (as defined below). Without limiting the foregoing, Target shall as
  promptly as practicable provide to Acquiror upon its request all financial
  information pertaining to Target reasonably necessary or advisable in
  connection with the foregoing, including the necessary information to
  conform Target's financial information to Acquiror's accounting policies
  and reporting format.

     (b) As promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement, each of
  Target and Acquiror will prepare and file any other filings required to be
  filed by it under the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other
  federal, foreign or Blue Sky or related laws, rules or regulations of any
  Governmental Entity relating to the Merger and the transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement (the "Other Filings").

     (c) Each of Target and Acquiror will respond to any comments of the SEC
  and any other Governmental Entity, and Acquiror will use its commercially
  reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
  under the Securities Act, as promptly as practicable after such filing.
  Each of Target and Acquiror will cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
  to be mailed to its respective stockholders at the earliest practicable
  time after the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC.

     (d) Each of Target and Acquiror will notify the other promptly upon the
  receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff or any other Government
  Entity and of any request by the SEC or its staff or any other Government
  Entity for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the
  Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any Other Filing or for additional
  information, and will supply the other with copies of all correspondence
  between such party or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the
  SEC, or its staff or any other Government Entity, on the other hand, with
  respect to the Registration Statement, the Joint Proxy
  Statement/Prospectus, the Merger or any Other Filing.

     (e) Each of Target and Acquiror will cause all documents that it is
  responsible for filing with the SEC or other regulatory authorities under
  this Section 5.5 to comply in all material respects with all applicable
  requirements of law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
  Whenever any event occurs that is required to be set forth in an amendment
  or supplement to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, the Registration
  Statement or any Other Filing, Target or Acquiror, as the case may be, will
  promptly inform the other of such occurrence and cooperate in filing with
  the SEC or its staff or any other government officials, and/or mailing to
  stockholders of Target and Acquiror, such amendment or supplement.

                                      A-45

     (f) Subject to Section 7.1(g), Target's obligation to call, give notice
  of, convene and hold the Target Stockholders' Meeting in accordance with
  this Section 5.5 shall not be limited or otherwise affected by the
  commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to Target of any
  Target Acquisition Proposal (as defined in Section 5.7), or by any
  withdrawal, amendment or modification of the recommendation of the Target
  Board of Directors with respect to the Merger.

     (g) Subject to Sections 7.1(f) and 7.1(j), Acquiror's obligation to
  call, give notice of, convene and hold the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting
  in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall not be limited or otherwise
  affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to
  Acquiror of any Acquiror Superior Offer (as defined in Section 5.8(c)), or
  by any withdrawal, amendment or modification of the recommendation of the
  Acquiror Board of Directors with respect to the Merger.

     (h) Each party will give the other party a reasonable opportunity to
  participate in the defense of any shareholder litigation against such party
  and its directors relating to the transactions contemplated hereby;
  provided, however, that (i) the foregoing shall not require either party to
  take any such action which would be reasonably likely to jeopardize such
  party's attorney-client privilege and (ii) the party to this Agreement that
  is the defendant in such litigation shall control such litigation.

   5.6 Meeting of Target Stockholders.

     (a) Subject to Section 7.1, promptly after the date hereof, Target shall
  take all action necessary in accordance with Delaware Law and its
  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to convene the Target Stockholders'
  Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable after the declaration of
  effectiveness of the Registration Statement. Subject to Section 7.1(f) and
  notwithstanding the withdrawal, amendment or modification by the Target
  Board of Directors in a manner adverse to Acquiror its unanimous
  recommendation in favor of the adoption of this Agreement in accordance
  with Section 5.6(c), Target shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
  to solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of the adoption of this
  Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
  Agreement, Target may adjourn or postpone the Target Stockholders' Meeting
  to the extent necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or
  amendment to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus is provided to Target's
  stockholders in advance of a vote with respect to adoption of this
  Agreement or, if as of the time for which Target Stockholders' Meeting is
  originally scheduled (as set forth in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus)
  there are insufficient shares of Target Common Stock represented (either in
  person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the
  business of the Target Stockholders' Meeting. Target shall ensure that the
  Target Stockholders' Meeting is called, noticed, convened, held and
  conducted, and subject to Section 5.6(c), that all proxies solicited by
  Target in connection with the Target Stockholders' Meeting are solicited in
  compliance with Delaware Law, its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws,
  the rules of Nasdaq and all other applicable legal requirements. Target and
  Acquiror shall coordinate and cooperate with respect to the foregoing
  matters with a view toward, among other things, holding the respective
  meetings of each party's shareholders on the same day.

     (b) Subject to Section 5.6(c): (i) the Target Board of Directors shall
  unanimously recommend that Target's stockholders vote in favor of the
  adoption of this Agreement at the Target Stockholders' Meeting; (ii) the
  Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall include a statement to the effect
  that the Target Board of Directors has unanimously recommended that
  Target's stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement at
  the Target Stockholders' Meeting; and (iii) neither the Target Board of
  Directors nor any committee thereof shall withdraw, amend or modify, or
  propose or resolve to withdraw, amend or modify in a manner adverse to
  Acquiror, the unanimous recommendation of the Target Board of Directors
  that Target's stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement
  or cause Target to enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
  acquisition agreement or other similar arrangement relating to a Target
  Acquisition Proposal.

     (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Target Board of
  Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside
  counsel, that in light of a Target Superior Offer it is necessary to do so
  in order to comply with its fiduciary duties to Target and to Target's
  stockholders under applicable law,

                                      A-46

  the Target Board of Directors may participate in negotiations and/or may
  enter into an acquisition agreement, letter of intent or agreement in
  principle with respect to a Target Superior Offer (provided, however, that
  Target immediately notifies Acquiror of its receipt of any Target
  Acquisition Proposal and of Target's interest with respect thereto, and
  provided further, however, that any such acquisition agreement, letter of
  intent or agreement in principle shall be subject in all respects to this
  Agreement and shall not include any term or condition providing for payment
  of any termination, breakup or other punitive fee by Target under any
  circumstances), but only after the fifth day following Acquiror's receipt
  of written notice advising Acquiror that the Target Board of Directors is
  prepared to accept a Target Superior Offer, and only if, during such five-
  day period, if Acquiror so elects, Target and its advisors shall have
  negotiated in good faith with Acquiror to make such adjustments in the
  terms and conditions of this Agreement as would enable Acquiror to proceed
  with the transactions contemplated herein on such adjusted terms. In the
  event that Target enters into an acquisition agreement in accordance with
  this Section 5.6(c), then the Target Board of Directors may resolve to
  withdraw its unanimous recommendation that Target's stockholders vote in
  favor of adoption of this Agreement but Target shall in all respects
  otherwise comply with the terms of this Agreement, including, but not
  limited to, calling and conducting the Target Stockholders' Meeting for
  purposes of voting on the transactions contemplated hereby. For purposes of
  this Agreement, the term "Target Superior Offer" shall mean any tender or
  exchange offer, proposal for a merger, consolidation, amalgamation,
  arrangement or other business combination involving, or a recapitalization
  of, Target or any of the Target Subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to
  acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest in, or a substantial
  portion of the assets of, Target or any of the Target Subsidiaries other
  than the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, that the
  Board of Directors of Target determines in good faith to be more favorable
  to its stockholders than the transactions contemplated hereby, and for
  which financing is committed or for which, in the good faith judgment of
  the Board of Directors of Target, financing is reasonably capable of being
  obtained by such third party.

   5.7 No Solicitation.

     (a) From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the
  Effective Time or termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7,
  Target and each Target Subsidiary shall not, and shall not permit any of
  its directors, officers, employees or agents to, directly or indirectly:
  (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or induce the making, submission
  or announcement of any Target Acquisition Proposal, (ii) participate in any
  discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any
  nonpublic information with respect to, or take any other action to
  knowingly facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
  constitutes or that may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Target
  Acquisition Proposal, (iii) approve, endorse or recommend any Target
  Acquisition Proposal, or (iv) enter into any letter of intent or similar
  document or any contract agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise
  relating to any Target Acquisition Transaction (as defined below);
  provided, however, that prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the
  required vote of Target's stockholders, nothing in this Section 5.7(a) or
  elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit Target or any of the Target
  Subsidiaries' officers, directors, employees or agents from furnishing
  nonpublic information regarding Target and the Target Subsidiaries to,
  entering into a confidentiality agreement with or entering into discussions
  or negotiations with, any person in response to a Target Superior Offer,
  but only if (A) neither Target nor any representative of Target or a Target
  Subsidiary shall have violated any of the restrictions set forth in this
  Section 5.7(a) in a manner which resulted in the making, submission or
  announcement of the Target Superior Offer, (B) prior to furnishing any such
  nonpublic information to such person, Target and the Target Board of
  Directors gives Acquiror notice of Target's intention to furnish nonpublic
  information to such person, and (C) contemporaneously with furnishing any
  such nonpublic information to such person, Target furnishes such nonpublic
  information to Acquiror (to the extent such nonpublic information has not
  been previously furnished by Target to Acquiror). Target and its
  Subsidiaries will immediately cease any and all existing activities,
  discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with
  respect to any Target Acquisition Proposal. In addition to the foregoing:
  (1) Target shall as promptly as practicable advise Acquiror orally and in
  writing of any request for nonpublic information that Target reasonably
  believes would lead to a Target Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with
  respect to, or which Target reasonably

                                      A-47

  believes would lead to, any Target Acquisition Proposal, and (2) Target
  shall provide Acquiror with at least the same notice as provided to the
  members of the Target Board of Directors of any meeting of the Target Board
  of Directors at which the Target Board of Directors is reasonably expected
  to consider a Target Acquisition Proposal or Target Superior Offer or to
  approve, endorse or recommend a Target Superior Offer to its stockholders.

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Target Acquisition Proposal" shall mean
  any offer or proposal (other than an offer or proposal by Acquiror or any
  of its affiliates) providing for any Target Acquisition Transaction. For
  the purposes of this Agreement, "Target Acquisition Transaction" shall mean
  any transaction or series of related transactions (other than with Acquiror
  or any of its affiliates) involving: (A) any acquisition or purchase from
  Target by any person of more than a twenty percent (20%) interest in the
  total outstanding voting securities of Target or any tender offer or
  exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any person
  beneficially owning more than twenty percent (20%) of the total outstanding
  voting securities of Target or any merger, consolidation, business
  combination or similar transaction involving Target pursuant to which the
  stockholders of Target immediately preceding such transaction would hold
  less than eighty percent (80%) of the equity interests in the surviving or
  resulting entity of such transaction, (B) any sale, lease (other than in
  the ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than
  in the ordinary course of business), acquisition or disposition of assets
  representing in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the fair market value of
  Target's business immediately prior to such sale, lease, exchange,
  transfer, license, acquisition or disposition, or (C) any liquidation or
  dissolution of Target.

     (b) From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the
  Effective Time or termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7,
  Acquiror and each of its Subsidiaries shall not, and shall not permit any
  of its directors, officers, employees or agents to, directly or indirectly:
  (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or induce the making, submission
  or announcement of any Acquiror Acquisition Proposal, (ii) participate in
  any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any
  nonpublic information with respect to, or take any other action to
  knowingly facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
  constitutes or that may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquiror
  Acquisition Proposal, (iii) approve, endorse or recommend any Acquiror
  Acquisition Proposal, or (iv) enter into any letter of intent or similar
  document or any contract agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise
  relating to any Acquiror Acquisition Transaction (as defined below);
  provided, however, that prior to the adoption of this Agreement by the
  required vote of Acquiror's stockholders, nothing in this Section 5.7(b) or
  elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit Acquiror or any of its
  Subsidiaries' officers, directors, employees or agents from furnishing
  nonpublic information regarding Acquiror and its Subsidiaries to, entering
  into a confidentiality agreement with or entering into discussions or
  negotiations with, any person in response to an Acquiror Superior Offer (as
  defined in Section 5.8(c) below), but only if (A) neither Acquiror nor any
  representative of Acquiror or a Subsidiary shall have violated any of the
  restrictions set forth in this Section 5.7(b) in a manner which resulted in
  the making, submission or announcement of the Acquiror Superior Offer, (B)
  prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to such person, Acquiror
  and the Acquiror Board of Directors gives Target notice of Acquiror's
  intention to furnish nonpublic information to such person, and (C)
  contemporaneously with furnishing any such nonpublic information to such
  person, Acquiror furnishes such nonpublic information to Target (to the
  extent such nonpublic information has not been previously furnished by
  Acquiror to Target). Acquiror and its Subsidiaries will immediately cease
  any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any
  parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquiror Acquisition
  Proposal. In addition to the foregoing: (1) Acquiror shall as promptly as
  practicable advise Target orally and in writing of any request for
  nonpublic information that Acquiror reasonably believes would lead to an
  Acquiror Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to, or which
  Acquiror reasonably believes would lead to, any Acquiror Acquisition
  Proposal, and (2) Acquiror shall provide Target with at least the same
  notice as provided to the members of the Acquiror Board of Directors of any
  meeting of the Acquiror Board of Directors at which the Acquiror Board of
  Directors is reasonably expected to consider an Acquiror Acquisition
  Proposal or Acquiror Superior Offer or to approve, endorse or recommend a
  Acquiror Superior Offer to its stockholders.

                                      A-48

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquiror Acquisition Proposal" shall
  mean any offer or proposal (other than an offer or proposal by Target or
  any of its affiliates) providing for any Acquiror Acquisition Transaction.
  For the purposes of this Agreement, "Acquiror Acquisition Transaction"
  shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions (other than
  with Acquiror or any of its affiliates) involving: (A) any acquisition or
  purchase from Acquiror by any person of more than a fifty percent (50%)
  interest in the total outstanding voting securities of Acquiror or any
  tender offer or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any
  person beneficially owning more than fifty percent (50%) of the total
  outstanding voting securities of Acquiror or any merger, consolidation,
  business combination or similar transaction involving Acquiror pursuant to
  which the stockholders of Acquiror immediately preceding such transaction
  would hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests in the
  surviving or resulting entity of such transaction, (B) any sale, lease
  (other than in the ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer,
  license (other than in the ordinary course of business), acquisition or
  disposition of assets representing in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the
  fair market value of Acquiror's business immediately prior to such sale,
  lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition, or (C) any
  liquidation or dissolution of Acquiror.

     (c) Nothing contained in this Section 5.7 or elsewhere in this Agreement
  shall prohibit (i) Target or its Board of Directors from complying with
  Rule 14d-9 or 14e-2 under the Exchange Act or from furnishing a copy or
  excerpts of this Agreement to any person that makes a Target Acquisition
  Proposal or that makes an inquiry that could lead to a Target Acquisition
  Proposal or (ii) Acquiror or its Board of Directors from complying with
  Rule 14d-9 or 14e-2 under the Exchange Act or from furnishing a copy or
  excerpts of this Agreement to any person that makes an Acquiror Acquisition
  Proposal or that makes an inquiry that could lead to an Acquiror
  Acquisition Proposal.

   5.8 Meeting of Acquiror Stockholders.

     (a) Subject to Section 7.1, promptly after the date hereof, Acquiror
  shall take all actions necessary in accordance with Delaware Law and its
  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to convene the Acquiror
  Stockholders' Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable. Acquiror shall
  cause Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting to be held on the same date and at the
  same time as the Target Stockholders' Meeting. Unless the Acquiror Board of
  Directors shall have withheld, withdrawn, amended or modified in a manner
  adverse to Target its unanimous recommendation in favor of the issuance of
  the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger in accordance with
  Section 5.8(c), Acquiror shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
  solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of the issuance of the
  shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger and will take all other
  action reasonably necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of
  its stockholders required by the rules of Nasdaq and Delaware Law to obtain
  such approval. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
  Agreement, Acquiror may adjourn or postpone the Acquiror Stockholders'
  Meeting to the extent necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or
  amendment to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus is provided to the
  Acquiror stockholders in advance of a vote on the Merger and this Agreement
  or, if as of the time for which the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting is
  originally scheduled (as set forth in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
  ) there are insufficient shares of Acquiror Common Stock or Series A
  Preferred Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a
  quorum necessary to conduct business at the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting.
  Acquiror shall ensure that the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting is called,
  noticed, convened, held and conducted and that all proxies solicited by
  Acquiror in connection with the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting are
  solicited, in compliance with Delaware Law, its Certificate of
  Incorporation and Bylaws, the rules of Nasdaq and all other applicable
  legal requirements.

     (b) Subject to Section 5.8(c): (i) The Acquiror Board of Directors shall
  unanimously recommend that Acquiror's stockholders vote in favor the
  issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger at the
  Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting; (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
  shall include a statement to the effect that the Acquiror Board of
  Directors has unanimously recommended that Acquiror's stockholders vote in
  favor of the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger
  at the Acquiror Stockholders' Meeting; and (iii) neither the Acquiror Board
  of Directors nor any committee

                                      A-49

  thereof shall withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or resolve to withdraw,
  amend or modify in a manner adverse to Target, the unanimous recommendation
  of the Acquiror Board of Directors that Acquiror's stockholders vote in
  favor of the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger.

     (c) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Acquiror Board of
  Directors from withholding, withdrawing, amending or modifying its
  unanimous recommendation in favor of the issuance of the shares of Acquiror
  Common Stock in the Merger if (i) an Acquiror Superior Offer is made to
  Acquiror or its stockholders and is not withdrawn, and (ii) the Acquiror
  Board of Directors or any committee thereof concludes in good faith, after
  consultation with its outside counsel, that, in light of such Acquiror
  Superior Offer, the withholding, withdrawal, amendment or modification of
  such recommendation is required in order for the Acquiror Board of
  Directors or any committee thereof to comply with its fiduciary obligations
  to Acquiror's stockholders under applicable law. For purposes of this
  Agreement, the term "Acquiror Superior Offer" shall mean any tender or
  exchange offer, proposal for a merger, consolidation, amalgamation,
  arrangement or other business combination involving, or a recapitalization
  of, Acquiror or any of its Subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to acquire
  in any manner a substantial equity interest in, or a substantial portion of
  the assets of, Acquiror other than the transactions contemplated or
  permitted by this Agreement (but excluding the entering into of
  partnerships, joint ventures, virtual joint ventures and other similar
  arrangements as part of the ordinary course business of Acquiror), that the
  Board of Directors of Acquiror determines in good faith to be more
  favorable to its stockholders than the transactions contemplated hereby,
  and for which financing is committed or for which, in the good faith
  judgment of the Board of Directors of Acquiror, financing is reasonably
  capable of being obtained by such third party.

   5.9 Public Disclosure. Unless otherwise permitted by this Agreement,
Acquiror and Target shall consult with each other before issuing any press
release or otherwise making any public statement or making any other public (or
nonconfidential) disclosure (whether or not in response to an inquiry)
regarding the terms of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
and neither shall issue any such press release or make any such statement or
disclosure without the prior approval of the other (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), except as may be required by law or by
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange or with NASD.

   5.10 State Statutes. If any state takeover law shall become applicable to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, unless the Target Board of
Directors or the Acquiror Board of Directors recommends a Superior Offer in
accordance with Section 5.6(c) or Section 5.8(a), as applicable, Acquiror and
its Board of Directors or Target and its Board of Directors, as the case may
be, shall grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly
as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise act to
eliminate or minimize the effects of such state takeover law on the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   5.11 Listing of Additional Shares. Prior to the Effective Time, Acquiror
shall file with Nasdaq a Notification Form for Listing of Additional Shares
with respect to the shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the Target Common Stock in the Merger and upon exercise of the Assumed Options.

   5.12 Target Affiliate Agreements. Set forth in Section 5.12 of the Target
Disclosure Schedule is a list of those persons who may be deemed to be, in
Target's reasonable judgment, affiliates of Target within the meaning of Rule
145 promulgated under the Securities Act (each a "Target Affiliate"). Target
will provide Acquiror with such information and documents as Acquiror
reasonably requests for purposes of reviewing such list. Target will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered to
Acquiror, as promptly as practicable on or immediately following the date
hereof, from each Target Affiliate an executed Affiliate Agreement in
substantially the form of Exhibit B (the "Affiliate Agreement"), which will be
in full force and effect as of the Effective Time.

                                      A-50

   5.13 Indemnification.

     (a) From and after the Effective Time, (i) Acquiror will cause the
  Surviving Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations
  of Target pursuant to any indemnification agreements between Target and any
  person who is a director or officer of Target or any of its Subsidiaries at
  any time between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time
  (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") and any indemnification
  provisions under Target's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws as in
  effect on the date hereof and (ii) Acquiror will indemnify and hold
  harmless each of the Indemnified Parties against and from any costs,
  expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), settlement payments,
  claims, demands, judgments, fines, penalties, losses, damages or
  liabilities incurred in connection with any claim, suit, action or
  proceeding that arises from or relates to the Merger or any of the other
  transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Certificate of
  Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation will contain
  provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification that are at
  least as favorable to the Indemnified Parties as those contained in the
  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Target as in effect on the date
  hereof, which provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise
  modified for a period of six (6) years from the Effective Time in any
  manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals
  who, immediately prior to the Effective Time, were directors, officers,
  employees or agents of Target, unless such modification is required by law.

     (b) For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Acquiror
  will cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect, if available,
  directors' and officers' liability insurance covering those persons who are
  covered by Target's directors' and officers' liability insurance policy as
  of the date hereof on terms comparable to those applicable to the current
  directors and officers of Target; provided, however, that in no event will
  the Surviving Corporation be required to expend in excess of one hundred
  fifty percent (150%) of the annual premium currently paid by Target for
  such coverage (or such coverage as is available for such one hundred fifty
  percent (150%) of such annual premium).

     (c) In the event Acquiror or any of its successors or assigns (i)
  consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the
  continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
  merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its
  properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to the
  extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
  assigns of Acquiror assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.13.

     (d) This Section 5.13 is intended to benefit, and may be enforced by,
  the Indemnified Parties and their respective heirs, representatives,
  successors and assigns and, shall be binding on all successors and assigns
  of Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation. Acquiror and the Surviving
  Corporation jointly and severally agree to pay all fees and expenses,
  including attorneys' fees, that may be incurred by any Indemnified Party
  who is the prevailing party in an action seeking to enforce the indemnity
  and other obligations provided for in this Section 5.13.

   5.14 Filing of Form S-8. As soon as practicable (but in no event later than
thirty (30) calendar days) following the Effective Time, Acquiror shall file a
registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor or other appropriate form)
with respect to the shares of Acquiror Common Stock subject to Assumed Options
pursuant to Section 1.6, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement (and maintain the
current status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so long
as such Assumed Options remain outstanding.

   5.15 Employment Matters.

     (a) Acquiror agrees that all employees of Target who continue employment
  with Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time (the
  "Continuing Employees") shall be eligible to (i) continue to participate in
  the Acquiror or Surviving Corporation's (as determined by Acquiror) health,
  vacation and other non-equity based employee benefit plans; provided,
  however, that (A) nothing in this Section 5.15 or elsewhere in this
  Agreement shall limit the right of Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation to
  amend or terminate any such health, vacation or other employee benefit plan
  at any time, and (B) if

                                      A-51

  Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation amends or terminates any such health,
  vacation or other employee benefit plan, then, (1) subject to any necessary
  transition period, each Continuing Employee who immediately prior to the
  termination of such plan participated in such plan shall be eligible to
  participate in Acquiror's health, vacation and other non-equity based
  employee benefit plans, to substantially the same extent as employees of
  Acquiror in similar positions and at similar grade levels, (2) to the
  extent permitted by such plan, Acquiror shall credit each such Continuing
  Employee's service with Target, to the same extent as such service was
  credited under the similar employee benefit plans of Target immediately
  prior to the Effective Time, for purposes of determining eligibility to
  participate in such employee benefit plan of Acquiror, and (3) to the
  extent permitted or required by such employee benefit plan of Acquiror and
  applicable law, Acquiror shall waive any pre-existing condition
  limitations, waiting periods or similar limitations under such employee
  benefit plan of Acquiror and shall provide each such Continuing Employee
  with credit for any co-payments previously made and any deductibles
  previously satisfied, and (ii) participate in Acquiror's equity-based plans
  to the same extent as similarly situated employees of Acquiror. Nothing in
  this Section 5.15 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be construed to
  create a right in any employee to employment with Acquiror or the Surviving
  Corporation and, subject to any other binding agreement between an employee
  and Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation, the employment with each
  Continuing Employee shall be "at will" employment. Acquiror shall review
  the health, vacation and other employee benefit plans of Target prior to
  the Effective Time in connection with its obligations under this Section
  5.15(a).

     (b) Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Target ESPP, Target's
  Board of Directors shall (i) cause the offering period currently in effect
  as of the date hereof to be the last such offering period under the Target
  ESPP, and (ii) cause all Purchase Rights to be exercised at the end of such
  offering period or otherwise ensure that the holders of such Purchase
  Rights have withdrawn from the Target ESPP in accordance with the terms
  thereof.

     (c) To the extent applicable, Acquiror and Target shall each take such
  reasonable steps as are required to cause the disposition and acquisition
  of equity securities (including derivative securities) pursuant to Section
  1 in connection with the consummation of the Merger by each individual who
  is an officer or director of Target to qualify for exemption from Section
  16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the
  Exchange Act.

     (d) Prior to the Effective Time, Target shall take such action as is
  necessary to terminate its 401(k) Plan (the "Target 401(k) Plan") and also
  shall take all necessary action to ensure that each employee of Target or
  any Target Subsidiary is fully vested in his or her account balance under
  the Target 401(k) Plan. As soon as practicable following IRS approval of
  the termination of the Target 401(k) Plan or such earlier time as Acquiror
  may deem reasonably practicable, the assets thereof shall be distributed
  and Acquiror shall permit the Continuing Employees to roll such
  distributions over into Acquiror's 401(k) Plan. Each Continuing Employee
  shall be entitled to full credit for the length of his or her employment
  with Target in respect of the eligibility of such Continuing Employee to
  participate in Acquiror's 401(k) Plan and in respect of vesting
  requirements related to contributions made by Target to the Target 401(k)
  Plan prior to the Effective Time.

     (e) Acquiror, prior to the Closing Date, shall have allocated and
  reserved severance and/or retention bonuses in an aggregate amount of not
  less than $250,000 as agreed among a majority of Richard Earnest, Frank T.
  Sample and Michael E. Singer (including $5,000 payable in exchange for
  voluntary cancellation and/or termination of the Target out-of-plan stock
  options described in Section 2.3(c) by the holder thereof).

   5.16 No Inconsistent Actions. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
neither Acquiror nor Target shall, nor shall they permit any of their
respective Subsidiaries to, effectuate any transaction or enter into any
agreement the effect of which would be to interfere with or otherwise impede
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                      A-52

   5.17 Board of Directors. On the Closing Date, the Board of Directors of
Acquiror shall consist of eight persons, six designated by the Board of
Directors of Acquiror from among its current members and two designated by the
Board of Directors of Target (one of whom shall be Frank T. Sample provided
that he is employed by Acquiror effective as of the Effective Time, and the
other of whom shall be a designee of Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P. or such
fund's general partner). At the Effective Time, Jeffrey S. Brown will serve as
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

   5.18 Certain Approvals. Target acknowledges and agrees that Acquiror shall
have the right to review and approve in writing (such approval to be granted in
Acquiror's sole discretion) any payments or compensation made or caused to be
made by, from or on the account of Target or any third party to any employee or
consultant of Target, unless such payments are specifically identified and
permitted under such employee or consultant's employment contract (or agreement
of a similar nature) with Acquiror. Target shall not make or cause to be made
any such payment or compensation prior to such written approval being delivered
by Acquiror to Target.

                                      A-53

                                  SECTION SIX

6. Conditions to the Merger.

   6.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligations of each party to this Agreement to consummate and effect
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Effective Time of each of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, by agreement of
all the parties hereto:

     (a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement shall have been duly adopted by
  the requisite vote under applicable law and Nasdaq rules by the respective
  stockholders of Target and Acquiror.

     (b) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No temporary restraining
  order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any
  U.S. court of competent jurisdiction preventing the consummation of the
  Merger shall be in effect; nor shall any proceeding brought by a U.S.
  administrative agency or commission or other U.S. Governmental Entity
  seeking any of the foregoing (which is reasonably likely to succeed) be
  pending; nor shall there be any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted,
  entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger by a U.S. court of
  competent jurisdiction or U.S. Governmental Entity that makes the
  consummation of the Merger illegal.

     (c) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The SEC shall have declared
  the Registration Statement effective in accordance with the provisions of
  the Securities Act. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
  Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have been issued, and no
  proceeding for that purpose, and no similar proceeding in respect to the
  Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, shall have been initiated or threatened
  in writing by the SEC.

     (d) Nasdaq Listing. The shares of Acquiror Common Stock to be issued in
  the Merger and upon exercise of the Assumed Options shall have been
  approved for listing with Nasdaq, subject only to official notice of
  issuance.

     (e) Tax Opinion. Acquiror and Target each shall have received written
  opinions of their respective legal counsel, dated on or about the date of,
  and referred to in, the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus as first mailed to
  stockholders of each of Acquiror and Target to the effect that the Merger
  will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the
  Code, and such opinions shall not have been withdrawn; provided, however,
  that if counsel to either Acquiror or Target does not render such opinion
  or renders and withdraws such opinion, this condition shall nonetheless be
  deemed to be satisfied with respect to such party if counsel to the other
  party renders such opinion to such party and does not withdraw such
  opinion. In rendering such opinions, counsel shall be entitled to rely
  upon, among other things, reasonable assumptions as well as representations
  of Acquiror and Target.

     (f) Fairness Opinions. Each of Acquiror and Target shall have received
  true and correct copies of the final fairness opinions substantially
  identical in form and substance to the draft opinions previously delivered
  in accordance with Sections 2.27 and 3.24 hereof.

   6.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Target. The obligations of
Target to consummate and effect the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior
to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions, any of which may be
waived in writing by Target:

     (a) Representations, Warranties and Covenants. (i) The representations
  and warranties of Acquiror and MergerSub contained in this Agreement shall
  be accurate (x) where such representation or warranty is qualified by
  reference to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects, and
  (y) in all other cases, in all material respects, in each case as of the
  Closing Date as if made on and as of the Closing Date (it being understood
  that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and
  warranties as of the Closing Date, (A) those representations and warranties
  that address matters only as of a particular date shall remain true and
  correct as of such date and (B) any update of or modification to the
  Acquiror

                                      A-54

  Disclosure Schedule made or purported to have been made after the date of
  this Agreement shall be disregarded), and (ii) Acquiror and MergerSub shall
  have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants,
  obligations and conditions of this Agreement required to be performed and
  complied with by Acquiror and MergerSub as of the Effective Time.

     (b) Compliance Certificate of Acquiror. Target shall have been provided
  with a certificate executed on behalf of Acquiror by its President and
  Chief Executive Officer or its Chief Financial Officer to the effect that,
  as of the Effective Time, each of the conditions set forth in Section
  6.1(a) with respect to Acquiror and in Section 6.2(a) has been satisfied.

     (c) Board of Directors. Acquiror shall have taken such action as may
  required so that, upon the Effective Time, the persons who are designated
  to become directors of Acquiror in accordance with Section 5.18 shall
  become directors of Acquiror.

     (d) Third Party Consents. The consent, approval or waiver of each person
  (other than the Governmental Entities referred to in Section 6.1) whose
  consent to or approval of the Merger shall be required under any note,
  bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, loan or credit
  agreement or other agreement or other instrument or obligation to which
  Acquiror is a party, or by which they or any of their respective properties
  may be bound or affected shall have been obtained and shall remain in full
  force and effect, except where the failure to have obtained such consent,
  waiver or approval, or the failure of any such consent, waiver or approval
  to be in full force and effect, would not, individually or in the
  aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Acquiror.

     (e) No Material Adverse Effect. There shall have occurred no Material
  Adverse Effect in respect of the Acquiror.

   6.3 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Acquiror and MergerSub. The
obligations of Acquiror to consummate the Merger and effect the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject to the
satisfaction on or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following, any of
which may be waived in writing by Acquiror:

     (a) Representations, Warranties and Covenants. (i) The representations
  and warranties of Target contained in this Agreement shall be accurate (x)
  where such representation or warranty is qualified by reference to
  materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects, and (y) in all
  other cases, in all material respects, in each case as of the Closing Date
  as if made on and as of the Closing Date (it being understood that, for
  purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties
  as of the Closing Date, (A) those representations and warranties that
  address matters only as of a particular date shall remain true and correct
  as of such date and (B) any update of or modification to the Target
  Disclosure Schedule made or purported to have been made after the date of
  this Agreement shall be disregarded), and (ii) Target shall have performed
  and complied in all material respects with all covenants, obligations and
  conditions of this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by
  Target as of the Effective Time.

     (b) Compliance Certificate of Target. Acquiror shall have been provided
  with a certificate executed on behalf of Target by its President and Chief
  Executive Officer or its Chief Financial Officer to the effect that, as of
  the Effective Time, each of the conditions set forth in Section 6.1(a) and
  with respect to Target and in Section 6.3(a) has been satisfied.

     (c) Affiliate Agreements. Acquiror shall have received from each of the
  Target Affiliates an executed Affiliate Agreement.

     (d) Availability of Executives.

       (i) Each of Frank T. Sample, Stephen E. Hannah and not less than
    four of the current officers of Target listed in Section 6.3(d)(1) of
    the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule shall be serving as officers of Target
    immediately prior to the Effective Time.

                                      A-55

       (ii) None of the individuals listed in Section 6.3(d)(2) of the
    Acquiror Disclosure Schedule shall have revoked, rescinded or otherwise
    breached his respective employment and/or retention agreements with
    Acquiror, and such agreements shall be in full force and effect as of
    and upon the Effective Time.

     (e) Termination of SVB Loan Agreement. Target shall have terminated that
  certain Loan and Security Agreement dated February 26, 1993 (as amended)
  between Target and Silicon Valley Bank, or such agreement shall have
  otherwise expired and no longer be in force and effect, unless such
  agreement has been amended and restated, or has been replaced with a new
  agreement, in accordance with Section 4.1(u).

     (f) Termination of Certain Agreements.

       (i) All Target employees and consultants party to any severance or
    employment agreement or any other agreement with Target or any Target
    Subsidiary pursuant to which such person enjoys severance benefits or
    any other benefits or rights in respect of a termination of such
    person's employment relationship with Target or any Target Subsidiary
    or the Surviving Corporation shall have delivered an acknowledgement of
    termination of such agreement in form and substance reasonably
    satisfactory to Acquiror.

       (ii) All options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments, agreements
    or arrangements listed on Section 2.3(d) of the Target Disclosure
    Schedule (excluding, however, the Target Stock Option Plans and the
    Assumed Options) shall have been exercised or otherwise shall have
    terminated or expired as of the Effective Time.

     (g) Material Customer and Pipeline Confirmation. Acquiror shall have
  received assurances satisfactory to it from each Target customers
  classified under "Category A" in Section 2.29 of the Target Disclosure
  Schedule that (i) the Pipeline in respect of such Target customer was true,
  accurate and complete as of the Pipeline Date, and (ii) as of the date of
  execution of this Agreement, there had occurred no adverse change in or
  modification to the Pipeline in respect of such Target customer.

     (h) Dissenting Stockholders. The number of Target stockholders
  dissenting or otherwise voting against the Merger shall not exceed 10% of
  the aggregate number of shares outstanding of Target Common Stock.

     (i) Target Voting Agreements. Acquiror shall have received countersigned
  Target Voting Agreements from the persons listed on Section 6.3(i) of the
  Acquiror Disclosure Schedule; provided, that the aggregate shares held by
  such persons shall represent at least 51% of the aggregate number of shares
  outstanding of Target Common Stock.

     (j) Third Party Consents. The consent, approval or waiver of:

       (i) each person (other than the Governmental Entities referred to in
    Section 6.1) whose consent to or approval of the Merger shall be
    required under any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust,
    license, lease, loan or credit agreement or other agreement or other
    instrument or obligation to which Target is a party, or by which they
    or any of their respective properties may be bound or affected, except
    where the failure to have obtained such consent, waiver or approval, or
    the failure of any such consent, waiver or approval to be in full force
    and effect, would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
    Material Adverse Effect on Target; and

       (ii) each party to the contracts listed on Section 6.3(j) of the
    Target Disclosure Schedule whose consent, approval or waiver is
    required or advisable in accordance therewith;

                                      A-56

   in each case shall have been obtained and shall remain in full force and
effect.

     (k) Target ESPP. (i) All offering periods under the Target ESPP shall
  have expired in accordance with the terms of the Target ESPP, (ii) all
  Purchase Rights shall have been exercised at the end of the last such
  offering period or the holders of such Purchase Rights shall have otherwise
  withdrawn from the Target ESPP in accordance with the terms thereof, and
  (iii) Target's Board of Directors shall have terminated the Target ESPP in
  accordance with the terms thereof.

     (l) Certain Assurances. Acquiror shall have (i) received true and
  correct copies of all patents and patent applications set forth in Section
  2.12(b)(i) of the Target Disclosure Schedule, and (ii) received from each
  named inventor for each patent and patent application set forth in Section
  2.12(b)(i) of the Target Disclosure Schedule a true and correct copy of
  invention assignment agreements in form and substance substantially similar
  to Target's standard form.

     (m) No Material Adverse Effect. There shall have occurred no Material
  Adverse Effect in respect of Target.

                                      A-57

                                 SECTION SEVEN

7. Termination, Amendment and Waiver.

   7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time, whether before or after the requisite approvals of the
stockholders of Target or of Acquiror:

     (a) by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards of Directors
  of Acquiror and of Target;

     (b) by either Target or Acquiror if the Merger shall not have been
  consummated by July 31, 2001; provided, however, that the right to
  terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be available
  to any party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of
  or resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on or before such date
  and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of this Agreement;

     (c) by either Target or Acquiror if a U.S. Governmental Entity shall
  have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action, in any
  case having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
  prohibiting the Merger, which order, decree, ruling or other action is
  final and nonappealable;

     (d) by either Target or Acquiror if (i) the Target Stockholders' Meeting
  (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) shall have been held
  and completed and (ii) the required approval of the stockholders of Target
  contemplated in this Agreement shall not have been obtained by reason of
  the failure to obtain the required vote at the Target Stockholders'
  Meeting, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof; provided, however,
  that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(d) shall
  not be available to Target where the failure to obtain stockholder approval
  of Target shall have been caused by the action or failure to act of Target
  and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach by Target of this
  Agreement;

     (e) by either Target or Acquiror if (i) the Acquiror Stockholders'
  Meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) shall have
  been held and completed and (ii) the required approval of the stockholders
  of Acquiror contemplated in this Agreement shall not have been obtained by
  reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the Acquiror
  Stockholders' Meeting, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof;
  provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this
  Section 7.1(e) shall not be available to Acquiror where the failure to
  obtain stockholder approval of Acquiror shall have been caused by the
  action or failure to act of Acquiror and such action or failure to act
  constitutes a breach by Acquiror of this Agreement;

     (f) by Acquiror (at any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement by
  the required vote of Target's stockholders) if a Target Triggering Event
  (as defined below) shall have occurred;

     (g) by Target (at any time prior to the approval of this Agreement and
  the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger by the
  required vote of Acquiror's stockholders) if an Acquiror Triggering Event
  (as defined below) shall have occurred;

     (h) by Acquiror (at any time prior to the adoption of this Agreement by
  the required vote of Target's stockholders) if an Acquiror Termination
  Event (as defined below) shall have occurred;

     (i) by Target (at any time prior to the approval of this Agreement and
  the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger by the
  required vote of Acquiror's stockholders) if a Target Termination Event (as
  defined below) shall have occurred;

     (j) by Acquiror or Target upon the occurrence of a Material Adverse
  Effect with respect to the other party;

     (k) by Acquiror if it exercises its rights under Section 5.8(c);

                                     A-58

     (l) by Target, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
  or agreement on the part of Acquiror set forth in this Agreement or if any
  representation or warranty of Acquiror shall have become untrue, in either
  case such that any condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) would not be
  satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such
  representation or warranty shall have become untrue; provided, however,
  that if such inaccuracy in Acquiror's representations and warranties or
  breach by Acquiror is curable by Acquiror through the exercise of its
  commercially reasonable efforts, then Target may not terminate this
  Agreement under this Section 7.1(l) for thirty (30) days after delivery of
  written notice from Target to Acquiror of such breach; provided further,
  however, that Acquiror continues to exercise commercially reasonable
  efforts to cure such breach (it being understood that Target may not
  terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(l) if it shall have
  materially breached this Agreement or if such breach by Acquiror is cured
  during such thirty (30) day period); provided further, however, that Target
  shall have no right to terminate under this Section 7.1(l) if there exists
  a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part
  of Target set forth in this Agreement or if any representation or warranty
  of Target shall have become untrue, in either case such that any condition
  set forth in Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied as of the time of such
  breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become
  untrue;

     (m) by Acquiror, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
  or agreement on the part of Target set forth in this Agreement or if any
  representation or warranty of Target shall have become untrue, in either
  case such that any condition set forth in Section 6.3(a) would not be
  satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such
  representation or warranty shall have become untrue; provided, however,
  that if such inaccuracy in Target's representations and warranties or
  breach by Target is curable by Target through the exercise of its
  commercially reasonable efforts, then Acquiror may not terminate this
  Agreement under this Section 7.1(m) for thirty (30) days after delivery of
  written notice from Acquiror to Target of such breach; provided further,
  however, that Target continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts
  to cure such breach (it being understood that Acquiror may not terminate
  this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(m) if it shall have materially
  breached this Agreement or if such breach by Target is cured during such
  thirty (30) day period); provided further, however, that Acquiror shall
  have no right to terminate under this Section 7.1(m) if there exists a
  breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part
  of Acquiror set forth in this Agreement or if any representation or
  warranty of Acquiror shall have become untrue, in either case such that any
  condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) would not be satisfied as of the time
  of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have
  become untrue; or

     (n) by Acquiror if any person does not provide the assurances described
  in Section 6.3(g).

   For the purposes of this Agreement, an "Acquiror Termination Event" shall be
deemed to have occurred if Target shall have breached in any material respect
its obligations under Section 5.7(a).

   For the purposes of this Agreement, a "Target Termination Event" shall be
deemed to have occurred if Acquiror shall have breached in any material respect
its obligations under Section 5.7(b).

   For the purposes of this Agreement, a "Target Triggering Event" shall be
deemed to have occurred if: (i) the Target Board of Directors or any committee
thereof shall for any reason have withdrawn or shall have amended or modified
in a manner adverse to Acquiror its unanimous recommendation in favor of the
adoption of this Agreement, (ii) Target shall have failed to include in the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus the unanimous recommendation of the Target
Board of Directors in favor of the adoption of this Agreement, (iii) the Target
Board of Directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous recommendation in favor of
the adoption of this Agreement within seven (7) calendar days after Acquiror
requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed at any time
following the public announcement of any Target Acquisition Proposal, (iv) the
Target Board of Directors or any committee thereof shall have approved,
endorsed or publicly recommended any Target Superior Offer, (v) Target shall
have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or any agreement,
contract or commitment accepting any Target Superior Offer, or (vi) a tender or
exchange offer relating to securities of Target shall have been commenced by a
person unaffiliated with Acquiror, and Target

                                      A-59

shall not have sent to its securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated
under the Securities Act, within ten (10) business days after such tender or
exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that
Target recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer.

   For the purposes of this Agreement, a "Acquiror Triggering Event" shall be
deemed to have occurred if: (i) the Acquiror Board of Directors or any
committee thereof shall for any reason have withdrawn or shall have amended or
modified in a manner adverse to Target its unanimous recommendation in favor of
the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger, (ii)
Acquiror shall have failed to include in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
the unanimous recommendation of the Acquiror Board of Directors in favor of the
issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger, (iii) the
Acquiror Board of Directors fails to reaffirm its unanimous recommendation in
favor of the issuance of the shares of Acquiror Common Stock in the Merger
within seven (7) calendar days after Target requests in writing that such
recommendation be reaffirmed at any time following the public announcement of
any Acquiror Superior Offer, (iv) the Acquiror Board of Directors or any
committee thereof shall have approved, endorsed or publicly recommended any
Acquiror Superior Offer that does not include consummation of the Merger, (v)
Acquiror shall have entered into any letter of intent or similar document or
any agreement, contract or commitment accepting any Acquiror Superior Offer
that does not include consummation of the Merger, or (vi) a tender or exchange
offer relating to securities of Acquiror shall have been commenced by a person
unaffiliated with Target that does not include consummation of the Merger, and
Acquiror shall not have sent to its securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2
promulgated under the Securities Act, within ten (10) business days after such
tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement
disclosing that Target recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer.

   7.2 Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination. Any termination of this
Agreement under Section 7.1 will be effective immediately upon the delivery of
written notice of the terminating party to the other parties hereto. In the
event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this
Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, except (i) as set forth in
this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and Section 8, each of which shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party
from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement. No termination of this
Agreement shall affect the obligations of the parties contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement, all of which obligations shall survive termination
of this Agreement in accordance with their terms.

   7.3 Fees and Expenses.

     (a) General. Except as set forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and
  expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
  contemplated herein shall be paid by the party incurring such fees and
  expenses whether or not the Merger is consummated; provided, however, that
  Acquiror and Target shall equally bear the payment of all fees and expenses
  incurred in relation to the printing and filing (with the SEC) of the Joint
  Proxy Statement/Prospectus (including any preliminary materials related
  thereto) and the Registration Statement (including financial statements and
  exhibits) and any amendments or supplements thereto, the listing of shares
  of Acquiror Common Stock contemplated under Section 5.11; provided further,
  however, that notwithstanding the foregoing such sharing of expenses shall
  not include each party's attorneys', accountants' and fairness opinion fees
  and expenses (which shall be borne wholly by the party incurring such
  expenses).

     (b) Termination Payments.

       (i) In the event that this Agreement is terminated (a) by Acquiror
    pursuant to Section 7.1(f) or 7.1(h), (b) by Acquiror pursuant to
    Section 7.1(k), or (c) by Target pursuant to Section 7.1(g) or 7.1(i),
    then Target (solely in the case of clause (a)) or Acquiror (solely in
    the case of clauses (b) and (c)), as the case may be, shall make a
    nonrefundable cash payment to the other party, in immediately available
    funds within two business days after such termination, in an amount
    equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all fees and expenses
    (including all attorneys' fees, accountants' fees, financial advisory
    fees and filing fees) that have been paid or that may become payable by
    or on

                                      A-60

    behalf of Acquiror in connection with the preparation and negotiation
    of this Agreement and otherwise in connection with the Merger, and (B)
    a break-up fee (the "Break-up Fee") of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars
    ($500,000). In addition, in the event that Target, within twelve
    (12) months after any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
    7.1(f) or 7.1(h), consummates or otherwise enters into an agreement
    providing for a Target Acquisition Transaction with a party other than
    Acquiror, then Target shall make a nonrefundable cash payment to
    Acquiror, in immediately available funds within two business days after
    such consummation or other agreement, in an amount equal to the sum of
    (x) One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) less (y) any Break-Up Fee paid by
    Target to Acquiror.

       (ii) Each party acknowledges and agrees that the agreement contained
    in this Section 7.3(b) is an integral part of the transactions
    contemplated in this Agreement, and that, without this agreement,
    neither party would enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if a
    responsible party fails promptly to pay the amounts due pursuant to
    this Section 7.3(b), then (i) such party shall reimburse the other for
    all costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel)
    incurred in connection with the collection of such overdue amount and
    the enforcement by the other party of its rights under this Section
    7.3(b), and (ii) such party shall pay to the other all interest on such
    overdue amount (for the period commencing as of the date such overdue
    amount was originally required to be paid and ending on the date such
    overdue amount is actually paid to Acquiror in full) at a rate per
    annum equal to the "prime rate" (as announced by The Chase Manhattan
    Bank or any successor thereto) in effect on the date such overdue
    amount was originally required to be paid.

     (c) Payment Not in Lieu of Damages. Payment of the fees described in
  Section 7.3 shall not be in lieu of damages incurred in the event of
  willful breach of this Agreement.

   7.4 Amendment. Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of each of Acquiror and Target authorized by their respective Boards
of Directors, at any time before or after approval of the matters presented in
connection with the Merger by the stockholders of either Target or Acquiror;
provided, however, that after any approval of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement by Target's stockholders, there may not be, without further
approval of such stockholders, any amendment of this Agreement which reduces
the amount or changes the form of the consideration to be delivered to Target
stockholders hereunder other than as contemplated by this Agreement. Any
amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 7.4 shall be
binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

   7.5 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time any party
hereto may, to the extent legally allowed, (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties
hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made
to such party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto,
and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the
benefit of such party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party
hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. Delay in exercising any
right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right.

                                      A-61

                                 SECTION EIGHT

8. General Provisions.

   8.1 No Survival of Representations, Warranties, Pre-Closing Covenants. None
of the representations, warranties and pre-closing covenants set forth in this
Agreement or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall
survive the Effective Time and only the covenants that by their terms survive
the Effective Time shall survive the Effective Time.

   8.2 Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered personally
or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed facsimile, or forty-
eight (48) hours after being deposited in the regular mail as certified or
registered mail (airmail if sent internationally) with postage prepaid, if such
notice is addressed to the party to be notified at such party's address or
facsimile number as set forth below, or as subsequently modified by written
notice:

     (a) if to Acquiror, to:

       Data Critical Corporation
       19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100
       Bothell, WA 98
       Attention: Chief Financial Officer
       Facsimile No.: (425) 482-7010
       Telephone No.: (425) 482-7000

       with a copy to:

       Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe, LLP
       719 Second Avenue, Suite 900
       Seattle, WA 98104
       Attention: Scott J. Moore, Esq.
       Facsimile No.: (206) 839-4301
       Telephone No.: (206) 839-4300

     (b) if to Target, to:

       VitalCom Inc.
       15222 Del Amo Avenue
       Tustin, CA 92680
       Attention: Chief Executive Officer, President
       Facsimile No.: (714) 571-3945
       Telephone No.: (714) 546-0147

       with a copy to:

       Higham, McDonnell & Dunning LLP
       28202 Cabot Road, Suite 450
       Laguna Niguel, CA 92677-1250
       Attention: Douglas F. Higham, Esq.
       Facsimile No.: 949-365-5522
       Telephone No.: 949-365-5518

   8.3 Interpretation.

     (a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to Exhibits or Schedules,
  such reference shall be to an Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless
  otherwise indicated.

                                      A-62

     (b) Any reference to a party's "knowledge" or "Knowledge" means such
  party's actual knowledge after due and diligent inquiry of officers,
  directors and other employees of such party reasonably believed to have
  knowledge of the matter in question.

     (c) The words "include," "includes" and "including" when used herein
  shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words "without
  limitation."

     (d) The phrase "made available" in this Agreement shall mean that the
  information referred to has been made available if requested by the party
  to whom such information is to be made available.

     (e) Any reference to a "Material Adverse Effect" with respect to any
  entity or group of entities means any event, change or effect that, when
  taken individually or together with all other adverse events, changes and
  effects, is or is reasonably likely to have a materially adverse effect on
  (x) the financial condition, business or results of operations of such
  entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (y) the ability of a
  party and its Subsidiaries to perform its obligations hereunder to
  otherwise consummate the Merger; provided, however, that "Material Adverse
  Effect" shall not include (a) changes in the trading price of such entity's
  common stock; or (b) any change attributable to or resulting from a change
  in general economic or capital market conditions or any change in GAAP.

     (f) The phrases "the date of this Agreement" and "the date hereof," and
  terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires, shall be
  deemed to refer to March 12, 2001.

     (g) The term "person" as used in this Agreement shall be construed
  broadly to include any individual, entity, "group" (within the meaning of
  Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) or Governmental Entity.

     (h) For purposes of this Agreement, an entity shall be deemed to be a
  "Subsidiary" of another person if such person directly or indirectly owns
  or purports to own, beneficially or of record, (a) an amount of voting
  securities of other interests in such entity that is sufficient to enable
  such person to elect at least a majority of the members of such entity's
  board of directors or other governing body, or (b) at least 50% of the
  outstanding equity or financial interests or such entity.

     (i) The  and headings contained in this Agreement are
  for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
  interpretation of this Agreement.

   8.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
together shall constitute one instrument.

   8.5 Entire Agreement; Nonassignability; Parties in Interest. This Agreement
and the documents and instruments and other agreements specifically referred to
herein or delivered pursuant hereto, including the Exhibits, the Target
Disclosure Schedule and the Acquiror Disclosure Schedule, (a) constitute the
entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, except for the
Confidentiality Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect and
shall survive any termination of this Agreement or the Closing in accordance
with its terms; (b) except as specifically provided herein, are not intended to
confer upon any other person any rights or remedies hereunder; and (c) shall
not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise except as otherwise
specifically provided; provided, however, that Acquiror shall have the right to
assign this Agreement together with any related agreements and documents to any
person or entity acquiring it or otherwise succeeding to its interest by
merger, consolidation or otherwise.

   8.6 Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be
unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such
provision in good faith in order to maintain the economic position enjoyed by
each party as close as possible to that in the provision rendered
unenforceable. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable
and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a) such provision shall
be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of this Agreement shall be
interpreted as if such provision were so excluded, and (c) the balance of this
Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                                      A-63

   8.7 Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all
remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with
and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby or by law or equity upon
such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the
exercise of any other remedy.

   8.8 Enforcement of Agreement. The parties hereto agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event that the provisions contained in Section 5.4 of
this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement
were not performed in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of Section 5.4 of this Agreement
and the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions thereof in any court of competent
jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are
entitled at law or in equity.

   8.9 Governing Law.  his Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed,
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware,
without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. Each of the parties to
this Agreement consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts
of the state and federal courts of New Castle County, Delaware. THE PARTIES
HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY PROVISION OF
THIS AGREEMENT.

   8.10 Rules of Construction. The parties hereto agree that they have been
represented by counsel during the negotiation, preparation and execution of
this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation,
holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or
other document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or
document.

   8.11  No Personal Liability.

     (a) No director or officer of Target shall have any personal liability
  whatsoever to Acquiror under this Agreement, or any other document
  delivered in connection with the Merger on behalf of Target.

     (b) No director or officer of Acquiror shall have any personal liability
  whatsoever to Target under this Agreement, or any other document delivered
  in connection with the Merger on behalf of Acquiror.

                            [Signature Page Follows]

                                      A-64

                 SIGNATURE PAGE TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, VitalCom Inc., Data Critical Corporation and Viper
Acquisition Corp. have executed this Agreement as of the date first written
above.

                                          VITALCOM INC.

                                                  /s/ Frank T. Sample
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                      Frank T. Sample
                                               President and Chief Executive
                                                          Officer

                                          DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION

                                                 /s/ Michael E. Singer
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                     Michael E. Singer
                                                Executive Vice President and
                                                  Chief Financial Officer

                                          VIPER ACQUISITION CORP.

                                                 /s/ Michael E. Singer
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                     Michael E. Singer
                                                Chief Financial Officer and
                                                         Secretary

                                      A-65

                       [LOGO U.S. BANCORP PIPER JAFFRAY]
                                                                      APPENDIX B

800 Nicollet Mall
Minneapolis, MN 55402-7020

612-303-6000

March 12, 2001

Board of Directors
Data Critical Corporation
19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100
Bothell, WA 98011

Members of the Board of Directors:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to Data Critical Corporation ("Data Critical") of the consideration to be
paid by Data Critical in the Transaction described below, pursuant to an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Purchase Agreement"), by and among Data
Critical, VitalCom, Inc. ("VitalCom") and Viper Acquisition Corp.,
("Acquisition"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Data Critical. The Purchase
Agreement provides for the merger (the "Transaction") of Acquisition into
VitalCom in which each of the outstanding shares (the "Shares") of common stock
of VitalCom will be converted into the right to receive 0.62 shares of common
stock of Data Critical.

In arriving at our opinion, we have undertaken such review, analyses and
inquiries as we deemed necessary and appropriate under the circumstances. Among
other things, we have reviewed (i) a draft dated March 10, 2001 of the Purchase
Agreement, (ii) certain publicly available financial operating and business
information related to VitalCom, (iii) certain internal financial information,
including forecasts and projections, of VitalCom prepared for financial
planning purposes and furnished by VitalCom management, (iv) certain publicly
available market and securities data of VitalCom, (v) to the extent publicly
available, information concerning selected transactions deemed comparable to
the proposed transaction, (vi) certain publicly available financial and
securities data of selected public companies deemed comparable to VitalCom,
(vii) certain publicly available financial, operating and business information
related to Data Critical, (viii) certain internal financial information
including forecasts and projections, of Data Critical on a stand-alone basis
and as a combined company with VitalCom, prepared and furnished by Data
Critical management, and (ix) certain publicly available market and securities
data of Data Critical. We had discussions with members of the management of
VitalCom concerning the financial condition, current operating results and
business outlook for VitalCom. We also had discussions with members of the
management of Data Critical concerning the financial condition and historical
operating results for Data Critical, and the regulatory and business outlook
for Data Critical and VitalCom on a stand-in basis and the combined company
resulting from the Transaction and Data Critical's plans relating to such
combined company.

We have relied upon and assumed the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the
financial statements and other information provided to us by VitalCom, Data
Critical or otherwise made available to us, and have not assumed responsibility
for the independent verification of such information. We have relied upon the
assurance of the management of VitalCom and Data Critical that the information
provided to us by VitalCom and Data Critical, respectively, has been prepared
on a reasonable basis, and, with respect to financial planning data and other
business outlook information, reflects the best currently available estimates,
is based on reasonable assumptions and that they are not aware of any
information or facts that would make the information provided to us incomplete
or misleading. We have also assumed that there have been no material changes in
Data Critical's or

                                      B-1

VitalCom's assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or
prospects since the respective dates of their last financial statements made
available to us.

We have assumed with your consent that the final form of the Purchase Agreement
will be substantially similar to the last draft reviewed by us, without
modification of material terms or conditions by VitalCom or Data Critical. We
have assumed with your consent that the Transaction will be consummated in
accordance with the terms described in the Purchase Agreement, without any
further amendments thereto and without waiver by either Data Critical or
VitalCom of any of the conditions to its obligations thereunder.

Our opinion does not address, nor should it be construed to address, the
relative merits of the Transaction, on the one hand, or any alternative
business strategies or alternative transactions that may be available to Data
Critical, on the other hand. We were not requested to opine as to, and this
opinion does not address, the basic business decision to proceed with or effect
the Transaction.

In arriving at our opinion, we have not performed any appraisals or valuations
of any specific assets or liabilities of Data Critical or VitalCom, and have
not been furnished with any such appraisals or valuations. We express no
opinion regarding the liquidation value of any entity.

This opinion is necessarily based upon the information available to us and
facts and circumstances as they exist and are subject to evaluation on the date
hereof; events occurring after the date hereof could materially affect the
assumptions used in preparing this opinion. We are not expressing any opinion
herein as to the price at which shares of Data Critical Common Stock have
traded or may trade at any future time. We have not undertaken to reaffirm or
revise this opinion or otherwise comment upon any events occurring after the
date hereof and do not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this
opinion.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., as a customary part of its investment banking
business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, underwriting and secondary
distributions of securities, private placements and valuations for estate,
corporate and other purposes. We have acted as financial advisor to Data
Critical in connection with the Transaction and will receive a fee for our
services which is contingent upon consummation of the Transaction. In addition,
we will receive a separate fee for providing this opinion, which will be
credited against the fee for our services. This opinion fee is not contingent
upon the consummation of the Transaction. Data Critical has also agreed to
indemnify us against certain liabilities in connection with our services. We
provide research coverage on and make a market in the common stock of Data
Critical. In the ordinary course of our business, we and our affiliates may
actively trade securities of Data Critical for our own account or the account
of our customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.

This opinion is solely for the benefit of the Board of Directors of Data
Critical in connection with its consideration of the Transaction and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of Data Critical. This opinion
shall not be otherwise relied upon, published or otherwise used, nor shall any
public references to us be made, without our prior written approval.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and based upon such other factors as we
consider relevant, it is our opinion that the consideration proposed to be paid
in the Transaction pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for the common stock of
VitalCom is fair, from a financial point of view, to Data Critical as of the
date hereof.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          /s/ U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray

                                          U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc.

                                      B-2

                                                                      APPENDIX C

PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL

March 12, 2001

Board of Directors
VitalCom Inc.
15222 Del Amo Avenue
Tustin, California 92780

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:

   You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of
view to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001
per share (the "Shares"), of VitalCom Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), of the exchange ratio of 0.62 shares of Common Stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the "Data Critical Shares"), of Data Critical Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("Data Critical"), to be received for each Share (the
"Exchange Ratio") by such holders pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of March 12, 2001, by and among Viper Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation ("Merger Corp."), Data Critical and the Company (the "Agreement"),
pursuant to which Merger Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Data Critical (as
described in the Agreement), will be merged with and into the Company (the
"Merger"), with the Company being the surviving corporation.

   Pinnacle Partners, Inc. ("Pinnacle Partners"), as part of its investment
banking business, is continually involved in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, private
placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. We are
familiar with the Company, having acted as its financial advisor in connection
with, and having participated in certain of the negotiations leading to the
Agreement.

   In connection with this opinion, we have reviewed, among other things:

  .  An execution copy of the Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2001;

  .  Annual Reports to stockholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K of the
     Company and Data Critical for the three years ended December 31, 1999;

  .  Certain interim reports to stockholders and Quarterly Reports on Form
     10-Q of the Company and Data Critical;

  .  Certain other communications from the Company and Data Critical to their
     respective shareholders;

  .  Certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for the Company and
     Data Critical prepared by their respective managements; and,

  .  Certain internal financial analyses and pro forma consolidated forecasts
     (including certain projected cost savings and operating synergies)
     reflecting the combination of Data Critical and the Company prepared by
     their respective managements.

                   PINNACLE PARTNERS, INC. INVESTMENT BANKERS
   444 BRICKELL AVENUE, SUITE 51-121, MIAMI, FL 33131 TELEPHONE: 877-445-0050
               FACSIMILE: 877-445-0054 WWW.PINNACLE-PARTNERS.COM

                                      C-1

Board of Directors
VitalCom Inc.
March 12, 2001
Page 2 or 2

   We have also held discussions with members of the senior managements of the
Company and Data Critical regarding the strategic rationale for, and potential
benefits of, the Merger and the past and current business operations, financial
condition and future prospects of the Company and Data Critical. In addition,
we have reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Shares and the
Data Critical Shares; compared certain financial and stock market information
for the Company and Data Critical with similar information for
certain other companies, the securities of which are publicly traded; reviewed
the financial terms of certain business combinations in the healthcare
monitoring and hospital equipment industries and in other industries generally;
and performed such other studies and analyses as we considered appropriate.

   We have relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial
and other information reviewed by us and have assumed with your consent that
the financial analyses, forecasts and pro forma consolidated forecasts,
including the underlying assumptions, provided to us with respect to the
Company, Data Critical and the Merger, including, without limitation, the
projected cost savings and operating synergies expected to result from the
Merger, have been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently
available judgments and estimates of the respective managements of the Company
and Data Critical. In addition, we have not made an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of the Company or Data Critical or any
of their respective subsidiaries and we have not been furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal. We have also assumed, with your consent, that the
Merger will be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted accounting
principles. Our opinion as expressed below does not imply any conclusion as to
the likely trading range of Data Critical Shares following consummation of the
Merger (if such shares are issued), which may vary depending upon, among other
factors, changes in interest rates, dividend rates, market conditions, general
economic conditions and other factors that generally influence the price of
securities. Our advisory services and the opinion expressed herein are provided
for the information and assistance of the Board of Directors of the Company in
connection with its consideration of the Merger and such opinion does not
constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of Shares should vote with
respect to such transaction.

   Based upon and subject to the foregoing and based upon such other matters as
we consider relevant, it is our opinion that as of the date hereof the Exchange
Ratio pursuant to the Agreement is fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of Shares.

   Pinnacle Partners is acting as investment banker to the Board of Directors
of the Company in connection with the Merger and will receive a fee for our
services that is contingent upon the closing of the Merger.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          /s/ Marc A. Cabrera
                                          Managing Director
                                          Pinnacle Partners, Inc.

                                      C-2

                                                                      APPENDIX D

              SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

(S) 262. Appraisal rights.

   (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock
on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this
section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied
with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to (S) 228 of
this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words "depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions
thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the
depository.

   (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to (S) 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to (S)
251(g) of this title), (S) 252 (S) 254 (S) 257 (S) 258 (S) 263 or (S) 264 of
this title:

     (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section shall
  be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock,
  or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
  determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the
  meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
  consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
  designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
  system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
  of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no
  appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the
  constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require
  for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation
  as provided in subsection (f) of (S) 251 of this title.

     (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
  under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
  of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required
  by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to (S)(S)
  251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock
  anything except:

       a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
    such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect
    thereof;

       b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
    in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
    respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities
    exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
    interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
    Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

       c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
    receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this
    paragraph; or

       d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
    cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts
    described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this
    paragraph.

     (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
  party to a merger effected under (S) 253 of this title is not owned by the
  parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall
  be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

                                      D-1

   (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a
provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is
practicable.

   (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

     (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are
  provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting of
  stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
  shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for
  such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are
  available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal rights
  are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations,
  and shall include in such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder
  electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares shall deliver
  to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or
  consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such stockholder's shares.
  Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of
  the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to
  demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares. A proxy or vote against
  the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A
  stockholder electing to take such action must do so by a separate written
  demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of such
  merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall
  notify each stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied
  with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the
  merger or consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has
  become effective; or

     (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to (S) 228 or
  (S) 253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either before the
  effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten days
  thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of
  stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights
  of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights
  are available for any or all shares of such class or series of stock of
  such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of
  this section; provided that, if the notice is given on or after the
  effective date of the merger or consolidation, such notice shall be given
  by the surviving or resulting corporation to all such holders of any class
  or series of stock of a constituent corporation that are entitled to
  appraisal rights. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective
  date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders
  of the effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder
  entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing
  of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting
  corporation the appraisal of such holder's shares. Such demand will be
  sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
  stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
  appraisal of such holder's shares. If such notice did not notify
  stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
  (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the
  effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders
  of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
  entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or
  consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send
  such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
  effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more
  than 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice
  need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights
  and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance with
  this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of
  the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either
  notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be
  prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of
  determining the stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each
  constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be
  not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that
  if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or
  consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date. If no record
  date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the
  record date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the
  day on which the notice is given.

                                      D-2

   (e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination
of the value of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw such
stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to
receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not
voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10
days after such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received
by the surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of
the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

   (f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy
thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which shall
within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the
addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more
publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such
publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and
by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be
borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

   (g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled
to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded
an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as
to such stockholder.

   (h) After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger
or consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair
value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining
the fair rate of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors,
including the rate of interest which the surviving or resulting corporation
would have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding.
Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any
stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may,
in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may
proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on the
list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f)
of this section and who has submitted such stockholder's certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all
proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not
entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

   (i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to
the stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the
case of holders of

                                      D-3

uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented
by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the certificates
representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as other decrees in
the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving or resulting
corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

   (j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

   (k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation,
either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation
as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the
Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval
of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court
deems just.

   (l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares
of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they assented to
the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                      D-4

                                                                      APPENDIX E

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                               ----------------

                                   FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 or

[_] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES
    EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    (for the transition period from                   to                  )
                                    -----------------    -----------------

                         Commission File No. 000-27855

                           DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  Delaware                                       91-1901482
       (State or other jurisdiction of                        (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)                      Identification Number)

                     19820 North Creek Parkway, Suite 100,
                           Bothell, Washington 98011
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

              Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
                                 (425) 482-7000

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act:
                    Common Stock, par value $.001 per share

   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [_]

   Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [_]

   The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant, based upon the closing price of common stock on March 28, 2001, as
reported by Nasdaq, was approximately $12,099,514. Shares of voting stock held
by each officer and director and by each person who owns 5% or more of the
outstanding voting stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed
to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a
conclusive determination for other purposes.

   As of March 28, 2001, 12,745,332 shares of the registrant's common stock
were outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

   Certain exhibits are incorporated by reference to prior filings of documents
and reports required to be filed by Securities Act of 1933 and/or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

                                  PART I

    ITEM 1.  BUSINESS...................................................    E-1

    ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.................................................   E-20

    ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS..........................................   E-20

    ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS........   E-20

                                 PART II

    ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED
              STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.......................................   E-21

    ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA....................................   E-23

    ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
              AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.................................   E-23

    ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
              RISK......................................................   E-47

    ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA................   E-48

    ITEM 9   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
              AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES.................................   E-72

                                 PART III

    ITEM 10. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE REGISTRANT.........   E-73

    ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.....................................   E-74

    ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
              MANAGEMENT................................................   E-82

    ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.............   E-83

                                 PART IV

    ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON
              FORM 8-K..................................................   E-85

                                      E-i

                                     PART I

Forward-Looking Statements

   In this annual report on Form 10-K, the words "Data Critical," "the
Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Data Critical Corporation and our
wholly-owned subsidiaries. Some of our statements in this annual report on Form
10-K are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements include statements about our plans, objectives,
expectations, intentions and future financial performance and other statements
that are not historical facts. We use words such as anticipates, believes,
expects, future and intends, and similar expressions, to identify forward-
looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that the
statement is not forward-looking. You should not unduly rely on these forward-
looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. Data
Critical assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
contained in this annual report. Our actual results could differ significantly
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons,
including the risks described under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Factors That May Affect Our
Business, Our Results of Operations and Our Stock Price" in Part II, Item 7 of
this annual report.

Trademarks

   StatView(R), AlarmView(R), FlexView(TM), ECGStat(TM), Wireless
Telemedicine(R), WT(R), Paceart(R), CardioVoice(TM), Internet ECG(R), EKG
Speaks(R), PocketChart(TM), unwiredDr(R), WebChart(TM), WebChart
CardioVascular(TM), and the Data Critical Corporation name and corporate logo
are all trademarks of Data Critical Corporation. We also have other trademarks
that we use in our business. Any trademarks of third parties used herein are
the property of their respective owners.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

An Introduction to Data Critical

   Data Critical is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing and support
of wireless health information communications systems for use by hospitals and
physicians. Our technology enables access to patient-specific vital signs and
other diagnostic data. Our systems transmit complex and time-critical patient
data over a wireless network and enables remote access through either our
proprietary interactive device, a personal computer or the Internet. Our
systems are designed to enhance the quality, cost, efficiency, safety and
outcome of healthcare.

   Within the healthcare industry we focus on the hospital and physician
markets. We derive substantially all of our revenue from two operating
segments: Hospital Systems and Physician Systems.

   Hospital Systems. Our Hospital Systems utilize a wireless receiver or
monitor to provide in-hospital caregivers with remote access and alarm
notification of current patient monitoring information. A further description
of our Hospital Systems can be found below in "Products and Services--Hospital
Systems." As of December 31, 2000, we had received orders for, or scheduled
installation of, our Hospital Systems in more than 800 hospitals and medical
facilities. Our Hospital Systems accounted for approximately 90% of our revenue
in 2000 and 100% of our revenue in 1999 and 1998.

   Physician Systems. Our Physician Systems provide physicians with remote and
Internet access to comprehensive patient information through cell phones,
pagers and handheld computers. A further description of our Physician Systems
can be found below in "Products and Services--Physician Systems." As of
December 31, 2000, we had approximately 4,500 licensed users of our Physician
Systems.

   For financial information about these two operating segments, please refer
to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" in Part II, Item 7, as well as "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data" in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report.

                                      E-1

 Industry Background

   Recent technological advances in wireless communications and the demands of
an increasingly mobile workforce have resulted in the proliferation of wireless
hand-held information communication devices. The capabilities of these
devices--which include personal digital assistants, wireless receivers and
smart phones, often with access to the Internet--are fostering the development
of information-intensive applications that can result in greater caregiver
productivity and efficiency. At the same time, healthcare facilities--including
hospitals and extended care facilities--seek reduced costs and enhanced
workforce productivity. These facilities aim to improve the response time,
decision-making quality and overall efficiency of caregivers, including
physicians and nurses, who treat patients in life-critical situations.

 The Data Critical Solution

   Our products extend the power of wireless technology to the healthcare
industry by employing a suite of hardware and software systems that transmit
complex time-critical patient data over wireless networks or through the
Internet. We believe our systems improve communications and could enhance
decision-making for physicians and nurses by delivering time-critical patient
data to one or more caregivers rapidly and simultaneously and by providing
remote access to patient information.

   Our Hospital Systems provide the following key benefits:

  . Increased Productivity and Work Efficiency. By using our Hospital
    Systems, in-hospital caregivers can remotely access patient monitoring
    information on a near-immediate basis, freeing them to monitor patients
    while performing multiple tasks throughout the hospital. Our Hospital
    Systems gather data from a broad array of primary patient monitoring and
    similar medical equipment, and distribute that data to a wireless
    communications device. Our Hospital Systems can alert caregivers when the
    primary monitoring equipment produces an alarm as a result of changes in
    a patient's condition. Alarms can be automatically and simultaneously
    transmitted to individual nurses, physicians or other caregivers. Our
    Hospital Systems also allow caregivers to monitor patient conditions from
    remote locations. Our Hospital Systems enable increased overall
    productivity with fewer personnel, a significant benefit given the
    current trend of declining caregiver-to-patient ratios.

  . Improved Quality of Care. Our Hospital Systems provide multiple
    caregivers with critical patient information on a near-immediate basis.
    As a result, caregivers can respond to patient events rapidly and armed
    with first-hand patient information. Our Hospital Systems enable
    hospitals and physicians to maintain and improve the quality of patient
    care by expanding the number of caregivers who can access patient
    monitoring information directly, thus reducing the role of
    miscommunication.

  . Reduced Costs. Most hospitals employ medical technicians to monitor
    patient data from central locations and nursing stations. Hospitals using
    such technicians generally employ one to two full time employees per
    nursing station. By increasing the productivity of existing hospital
    personnel, our Hospital Systems could produce cost savings and, if a
    hospital so chooses, could reduce the need to maintain large staffs of
    monitoring technicians.

  . Ease of Use. We design our wireless receivers based on input received
    from healthcare professionals. These professionals demand wireless
    information delivery systems that incorporate small, portable hand-held
    devices that are easy to use. Our products are designed to be easily
    understood by an end user without the need for extensive technical
    training. We believe that our product design allows our customers to
    quickly and easily deploy our Hospital Systems.

  . Open Architecture. We design our Hospital Systems to interface with
    medical equipment manufactured by numerous medical equipment suppliers.
    By providing a standard and scalable system, our Hospital Systems can
    interface with medical equipment already deployed in hospitals. In
    addition, our products can also be integrated into other companies'
    patient monitoring equipment, enabling us to partner with various medical
    device manufacturers.

                                      E-2

  . Security and Confidentiality. Our Hospital Systems may include strict
    authentication methods and data encryption technology. These security
    features allow the exchange of confidential patient information without
    compromising that information. In addition, our Wireless Telemedicine
    (WT) Server software provides access to the proprietary network software
    of our strategic partners' monitoring systems.

   Our commercialized Physician Systems provide, and we continue to develop our
non-commercialized Physician System to provide, the following key benefits:

  . Increased Billing Accuracy. Our Physician Systems generate a complete
    patient record for each patient visit and automatically calculate the
    correct evaluation and management code. This helps ensure that physicians
    bill correctly and have approximate documentation to support their
    medical billing.

  . Improved Data Capture for Outcomes Analysis. Our Physician Systems
    automatically collect data from patient charts for outcomes analysis,
    enabling easier participation in local, regional and national medical
    database initiatives.

  . Reduced Costs. Most physicians hire transcriptionists to transcribe their
    patient records. Physicians using our Physician Systems can eliminate
    these transcription costs which could result in substantial cost savings.

  . Security and Confidentiality. Our Physician Systems protect patients'
    records with some of the most advanced commercially available security
    devices, including unique usernames and passwords, 128-bit encryption and
    firewall security surrounding our secure server. All data is backed up
    regularly, stored offsite and restorable within 10 minutes of the last
    data entry in case of a computer system failure.

 The Data Critical Strategy

   We intend to be the industry leader in providing wireless health information
communications systems to mobile caregivers who depend upon the interactive
transmission of complex and time-critical data. The principal elements of our
business strategy include the following:

  . Increase Hospital Penetration for our Hospital Systems. The initial
    target market for our Hospital Systems includes approximately 5,000
    hospitals and 18,000 cardiology-related departments in the United States.
    Our Hospital Products can be installed in numerous departments throughout
    the hospital, including critical care units, step-down units, emergency
    rooms, telemetry units and obstetrics. Since commencing distribution of
    our Hospital Systems, we have installed our products in over 270 U.S.
    hospitals. In order to expand our direct distribution capabilities for
    our Hospital Systems, we recently entered into a strategic distribution
    alliance with Medtronic Physio-Control Corp., a major medical device
    distributor. We also distribute our Hospital Systems through our co-
    marketing relationships with leading vendors of complementary medical
    equipment.

  . Generate Follow-On Sales Opportunities for our Hospital Systems with
    Existing Customers. We also intend to increase our market penetration in
    major U.S. hospitals by building upon the existing installed base of
    products manufactured by our strategic alliance partners. Once we have
    introduced one of our Hospital Systems to a hospital and have
    demonstrated the benefits of our products to healthcare professionals in
    a particular practice group within a hospital, we plan to market our
    Hospital Systems to other areas of practice within that hospital.

  . Pursue Opportunities to License our Hospital Systems Technology to
    Strategic Partners. We have recently entered into a key licensing
    relationship with Agilent Technologies, Inc., a major medical device
    manufacturer. This strategic partner will integrate certain aspects of
    our Hospital Systems technology into its own patient monitoring systems.
    We intend to pursue additional, similar licensing relationships in order
    to leverage the value of our Hospital Systems technology. For example, we
    could integrate our AlarmView technology into stand-alone monitoring
    equipment such as pulse oximeters, multi-parameter monitors, ventilators,
    IV pumps and defibrillators.

                                      E-3

  . Pursue Additional Strategic Alliances and Acquisitions, both for our
    Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems. We continue to pursue
    additional strategic alliances with original equipment manufacturers, or
    OEMs, to augment or expand the distribution channels and system offerings
    for both our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems. We may acquire other
    companies. We have recently entered into an agreement to acquire VitalCom
    Inc. If consummated, this acquisition will significantly expand our
    Hospital Systems product offerings. We expect to build upon the expertise
    we gain through our strategic alliances and acquisitions to facilitate
    additional alliances and to move into new markets. We will continue to
    review mutually beneficial opportunities to share new technologies,
    including cross-licensing opportunities.

  . Pursue Physician-Based Strategy of Wireless Connectivity for
    Healthcare. Our Physician Systems offer a set of applications for
    physicians that allow patient charting, billing, prescription filling,
    ordering of laboratory tests and reporting of test results over handheld
    wireless devices and the Internet. We will continue to add functionality
    and architecture to our Physician Systems.

  . Maintain and Build on Technology Leadership. We are a technology leader
    in the communication of complex healthcare data through wireless systems
    and networks. To strengthen and extend our wireless communications
    solutions, we plan to continue investing in research and development to
    expand the features and functionality of our Hospital Systems and
    Physician Systems. For example, we may develop products that extend our
    wireless communications network to other types of medical equipment, like
    infusion pumps, ventilators, incubators, medical information systems,
    smart beds, nurse call devices and home care devices.

  . Expand Use of the Internet to Link Physicians and At-Home Patients. We
    anticipate expanding our ability to rapidly provide complex data to both
    physicians and patients with our Physician Systems. We believe that many
    of our existing technologies for the efficient transmission of data, as
    well as technology obtained from our recent acquisitions, may have broad
    applications for hospitals, physicians and patients seeking to access and
    deliver information from and to remote locations through either wireless
    or wired devices linked to the Internet.

Products and Services

 Hospital Systems

   StatView. StatView is a local wireless system that alerts nurses when alarms
from primary patient monitoring systems are triggered. StatView connects to an
existing patient-monitoring network, collects alarm data from these monitors
and transmits electrocardiograms, or ECGs, vital signs and other patient
information. The information is transmitted graphically in the shape of waves
through a dedicated wireless transmitter to a StatView receiver unit worn by
the nurse. Alarm events can be transmitted automatically to individuals or
groups and the appropriate caregivers can receive periodic updates. Nurses
using StatView carry a compact graphic wireless receiver that sounds alarm
tones or vibrates whenever a patient monitor generates an alarm. The receiver
then displays bed number, patient name, diagnosis (i.e., ventricular
tachycardia), heart rate and, with one button click, a six-second ECG graphic.
By looking at the ECG, nurses can determine the urgency of the alarm and
receive information before reaching a patient's bedside. StatView also:

  . uses hand-held units that alert caregivers on a near-immediate basis when
    alarms from patient primary monitors or other medical equipment are
    triggered;

  . generates reminder pages and periodic updates on patients being
    monitored;

  . enables caregivers to monitor waveforms and vital signs of patients while
    performing tasks elsewhere in the hospital; and

  . integrates with most patient monitoring and telemetry systems.

   AlarmView. AlarmView is a wireless system designed to create a virtual
monitoring network through connections to stand-alone devices. AlarmView
attaches to the back of non-networked primary patient monitors,

                                      E-4

infusion pumps and other intelligent devices and can deliver near-immediate
alarms and other information to wireless receivers. The information from
AlarmView transmitters can be sent to the same StatView receivers already worn
by caregivers. AlarmView is designed to automatically communicate with other
companies' medical devices immediately upon connection to those devices.
Accordingly, AlarmView can be easily transferred between a number of devices
without costly and time-consuming setup. AlarmView received approval by the FDA
in November 1999, and we began commercial sales of AlarmView in 2000. AlarmView
also:

  . connects stand-alone medical equipment to a wireless monitoring system;

  . delivers and records alarms and other information collected by stand-
    alone medical equipment;

  . allows rapid response to non-networked medical equipment; and

  . increases efficiency and flexibility at a low cost per unit.

   FlexView. FlexView is a low-cost clinical network system that allows
caregivers to manage multiple patient devices from a single monitor located at
a central station. FlexView combines disparate information from multiple stand-
alone patient devices into a single patient view. With simple mouse clicks, a
nurse can check alarms and device operational status, and can examine patient
data and trends, including heart rate, blood oxygenation levels and other
patient parameters. The system can link up to ten devices per patient for as
many as 40 patients. Our FlexView system received clearance by the FDA in March
1998 and we began commercial sales of our FlexView system in 2000. FlexView
also:

  . connects stand-alone medical equipment to a central monitoring station;

  . increases efficiency and flexibility at a low cost per unit; and

  . gives nurses substantial information they need about their monitored
    patients at a fraction of the cost of a central monitoring system in each
    unit.

   ECG Stat. ECG Stat transmits StatView data to caregivers at remote
locations, usually outside of the hospital. ECG Stat uses digital wireless
technology on a wide area network to provide caregivers with immediate remote
access to critical patient information, including multiple ECGs, vital signs
parameters and graphics and nurse notes. Caregivers can access this information
through a portable, wireless hand-held device or through a website. We designed
ECG Stat to work easily with a wide variety of monitoring equipment. ECG Stat
also:

  . permits faster and better-informed clinical consultation and decision-
    making from remote locations;

  . delivers quality waveforms without faxes or phone lines;

  . transmits patient data securely;

  . integrates with StatView; and

  . provides a dial-up, wireless connection to the patient monitoring
    network.

   Paceart Systems. Our Paceart 2000 system offerings, including our Paceart
Pacemaker Patient Follow-up and Paceart Arrhythmia Follow-up systems, are
products acquired from our acquisition of Paceart. These systems offer PC-based
software for managing the care of cardiac patients with implanted devices.
These systems are compatible with almost any implanted devices and with
virtually every brand pacemaker, implantable cardioverter-defibrillator, or
ICD, transtelephonic transmitter or event recorder. They enable physicians to
track patients' cardiac conditions wherever such patients may be, and whenever
those patients experience an irregularity. Our Paceart systems are used by more
than 800 universities, hospitals, clinics and physician offices throughout the
United States. Our Paceart systems also:

  . capture and store clinical data from any patient location at any time;

                                      E-5

  . provide all critical patient data, event information, past and present
    symptoms, medications and referring physicians in one easy-to-read
    summary report;

  . eliminate strip recorders and the need for manual cutting and pasting of
    data printouts;

  . support the latest implantable devices from major pacemaker and ICD
    manufacturers;

  . interface with most major manufacturers' programmers;

  . reduce records-processing time so a physician can see more patients
    without increasing staff;

  . page the physician as well as delivering fax or e-mail reports through
    optional interface to Paceart's CardioVoice System;

  . supply all necessary information for Medicare audits;

  . generate patient reminder letters, daily schedules and missed visit
    notifications; and

  . interface with Medtronic and Guidant products.

 Physician Systems

   PocketChart. We acquired PocketChart when we acquired the assets of Physix.
PocketChart for the PocketPC is a handheld, wireless charting tool that allows
physicians to document their daily patient appointments with greater precision
and increased productivity. Physicians can write and edit extended signature
prescriptions. Prescriptions and chart notes can also be saved and printed at a
later time. This product is primarily designed for solo practitioners.
PocketChart also :

  . allows customizable patient searches that benefit physicians who keep a
    large patient database on their PocketPC;

  . eliminates unnecessary paperwork; and

  . improves accuracy of the patient record.

   WebChart and WebChart CardioVascular. We acquired WebChart when we acquired
Elixis. WebChart is a feature rich, Internet-based clinical documentation tool
that provides physicians with the ability to chart patient information online.
WebChart enables access to patient data from any Internet-connected computer or
wireless device. WebChart gives physicians improved access to, and management
of, patient data. For cardiologists, heart, thoracic and vascular surgeons,
WebChart CardioVascular makes it easy to collect data in the format required by
the Society of Thoracic Surgeons. WebChart CardioVascular also enables
recordation of specialized data such as previous cardiovascular interventions,
risk factors and more.

   UnwiredDr. UnwiredDr will allow physicians to prescribe medications, chart
on line, dictate notes, check lab results, submit lab orders and perform other
routine tasks, all via wireless devices. UnwiredDr is not yet commercially
available. UnwiredDr will include the following key features:

  . a message center to pick up, read and respond to incoming messages;

  . a daily schedule to preview and track daily appointments; and

  . a daily charting feature to review pertinent information about the
    patients scheduled to visit.

Strategic Alliances

 Hospital Systems

   We have entered into strategic alliances for our Hospital Systems with
medical device manufacturers and other companies to achieve our goals of:

  . increasing our revenue;

                                      E-6

  . gaining access to proprietary technology;

  . increasing our market penetration;

  . providing important specialized industry experience; and

  . enhancing our system portfolio.

   Our strategic alliances for our Hospital Systems are as follows:

   Agilent Technologies, Inc. Formerly a division of Hewlett-Packard Company's
Medical Product Group, Agilent is a worldwide manufacturer and supplier of
clinical measurement and diagnostic equipment for the healthcare industry. In
September 1997, we obtained a nonexclusive license to a patent from Agilent for
the transmission of data over an alphanumeric paging network. This patent is
used in ECG Stat. We also have an arrangement with Agilent to engage in joint
sales and marketing programs and trade show presentations for StatView and ECG
Stat. In November 2000, we granted Agilent a license to use certain of our
StatView technology for integration into Agilent's patient monitoring system.
Agilent recently announced that it has agreed to sell its Healthcare Solutions
Group, with whom we do business, to Royal Philips Electronics, N.V., a Dutch
company.

   GE Medical Systems Information Technologies. GE Medical Systems Information
Technologies, or GEMS IT, is a subsidiary of GE Medical Systems Company. GEMS
IT manufactures and supplies patient-monitoring products in more than 65
countries worldwide. In January 1997, we signed an agreement granting GEMS IT
nonexclusive worldwide distribution rights to the StatView under the trade name
IMPACT. We also granted GEMS IT the exclusive right to distribute customized
StatView systems, subject to minimum GEMS IT purchase requirements. In January
2000, we signed an extension of this distribution and licensing agreement.
Under this extension, GEMS IT will continue to distribute StatView under the
trade name IMPACT to its customers globally. We will also directly sell and
support the equivalent StatView product to existing GEMS IT customers. In
addition, in March 2000, we entered into an agreement with CRITIKON Company,
L.L.C., subsequently purchased by GEMS IT, to develop and distribute our
AlarmView wireless alarm notification system with DINAMAP(R) monitoring
products. Under the terms of the agreement, GEMS IT has agreed to sell a
minimum number of AlarmView systems during the first two years of the
agreement.

   Medtronic Physio-Control Corp. Medtronic Physio-Control, a subsidiary of
Medtronic Corporation, manufactures and sells LIFEPAK(R) defibrillator/monitors
and automated external defibrillators. In November 2000, we entered into an
agreement with Medtronic Physio-Control that appoints Medtronic Physio-Control
the exclusive non-OEM distributor of our wireless alarm notification systems
for in-hospital use.

   Additionally, in June 2000, we entered into an agreement with Medtronic
Physio-Control for sales, service and distribution of our wireless
communication technology products in Europe, including our OEM products. In
addition, we have agreed to interface our wireless technologies with Medtronic
Physio-Control defibrillators and information systems, which Medtronic Physio-
Control has agreed to exclusively distribute worldwide. As part of the
technology development agreement, Medtronic Physio-Control's LIFENET(R) RS
receiving station, a system which allows hospital-based physicians to view a
12-lead ECG transmission from the field prior to patient arrival, will be
enhanced with our ECGStat technology. The system uses GSM cellular networks to
transmit a 12-lead ECG to a physician's phone allowing remote physicians to
view the data.

   Nellcor Puritan Bennett. Nellcor Puritan Bennett, a subsidiary of Tyco
International Ltd., manufactures and sells a wide range of healthcare products,
including pulse oximetry monitoring devices, in more than 100 countries
worldwide. In February 1999, we entered into an agreement with Nellcor Puritan
Bennett under which Nellcor Puritan Bennett paid us to integrate AlarmView with
Nellcor Puritan Bennett's products. Nellcor Puritan Bennett also agreed to
serve as a nonexclusive distributor of AlarmView. In October 2000, we entered
into a distribution agreement with Tyco's Nellcor Puritan Bennett ventilator
division. Under the new three-year distribution agreement, we have agreed to
develop an interface to allow AlarmView to be used with Nellcor Puritan Bennett
ventilators.

                                      E-7

   Siemens Medical Systems, Inc. Siemens Medical Systems, a division of Siemens
AG, manufactures and sells a wide variety of medical equipment, including life
support, anesthesia, and electrocardiography products. In July 1998, we entered
into an agreement with Siemens to integrate ECG Stat and StatView with Siemens'
Infinity(TM) Patient Monitoring System.

   Welch Allyn Protocol (formerly Protocol Systems, Inc.). Welch Allyn Protocol
designs, manufactures and markets patient monitoring instruments and systems in
more than 80 countries worldwide and is a leading provider of portable patient
monitor devices and systems. In March 1998, we entered into an agreement with
Protocol under which Protocol paid us to integrate StatView with Protocol's
Flexible Monitoring System. We also agreed to provide Protocol with an OEM
system under joint labeling. In April 2000, we entered into a distribution
agreement with Protocol for the development and distribution of AlarmView with
Protocol's Propaq(R) monitoring products. The agreement enables us to provide a
wireless alarm transmission system for hospitals using Protocol's Propaq(R)
monitoring products.

 Physician Systems

   We have entered into strategic alliances for our Physician Systems with
wireless service providers, medical device manufacturers and other companies to
achieve our goals of:

  . increasing distribution of our wireless and Internet products;

  . providing additional back-end features for our product offerings; and

  . allowing for additional revenue opportunities such as transcription and
    transaction revenues.

   Our strategic alliances for our Physician Systems are as follows:

   Aether Systems, Inc. Aether is a leading provider of wireless data systems
and services. In June 2000, we entered into an agreement with Aether for
technology integration and development, strategic marketing programs. Under
terms of the agreement, we are a preferred healthcare solutions partner for
Aether, offering Aether access to our portfolio of wireless and medical
products used in charting, prescriptions, and transmitting diagnostic data and
vital signs. Aether is our exclusive wireless services provider in the United
States, providing wireless network services, devices, and customer support. In
addition, Aether works with us to provide wireless connectivity to support our
suite of healthcare software solutions.

   Edwards Lifesciences Corporation. Edwards Lifesciences is a leading
cardiovascular products and services group. In August 2000, Edwards
Lifesciences agreed to pre-purchase licenses for WebChart and to make WebChart
available to Edwards Lifesciences' cardiovascular customers.

   ePhones. ePhones is a leading provider of wireless products and services for
wireless device fulfillment in healthcare. In August 2000, we entered into an
agreement with ePhones to support the distribution of unwiredDr for physicians.
Under the agreement, we are the exclusive provider of healthcare services to
ePhones. ePhones is our exclusive online fulfillment provider for wireless
phones and pagers.

   Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp). LabCorp is one of the nation's
largest clinical laboratory networks. In October 2000, we entered into an
agreement with LabCorp in which physicians will be able to order laboratory
tests and receive results through unwiredDr.

   Metrocall, Inc. Metrocall is one of the largest wireless data and messaging
companies in the United States. In March 2001, we entered into a licensing,
distribution and technology integration agreement with Metrocall. Under the
agreement, Metrocall will distribute unwiredDr to their healthcare professional
customers, and we will be the exclusive provider of dictation services to those
customers. Metrocall also agreed to meet minimum distribution and marketing
requirements and we agreed to certain technology development obligations.

                                      E-8

   Nextel Communications, Inc. Nextel is a leading provider of fully-integrated
wireless communication systems. In December 2000, we entered into a
distribution agreement with Nextel to distribute unwiredDr to healthcare
professionals who are subscribers of Nextel's voice and data services. Co-
marketed by both Data Critical and Nextel, the applications will be available
to physicians and other health professionals on a low-cost subscription basis.

   PocketScript, Inc. PocketScript is a leading provider of wireless handheld
e-prescribing systems. In September 2000, we entered into an agreement to
distribute and develop integrated wireless systems that allow physicians to
carry out a full range of clinical functions. Under the agreement, PocketScript
agreed to purchase unwiredDr and PocketChart for distribution with
PocketScript's handheld wireless devices to physicians nationwide. In addition,
we agreed to share technology with PocketScript across clinical functions such
as lab transactions and prescription writing so that physicians will be able to
utilize all of these everyday functions through a single wireless device.

   Provider Select. Provider Select is an affiliate of Premier, Inc. In July
2000, we entered into an agreement with Provider Select to offer WebChart to
member healthcare organizations and affiliated physicians. Under the agreement,
our WebChart system will be available to the more than 14,000 non-acute care
practices, representing over 44,000 physicians, within Provider Select's
membership. The contract is part of Provider Select's larger service portfolio,
designed to provide contemporary options to their membership.

   Speech Machines. Speech Machines is a leading speech-to-data Application
Service Provider (ASP). In June 2000, we entered into a partnership that will
integrate Speech Machines' DictationNet(TM) technology with WebChart,
permitting physicians to dictate patient encounter notes directly into a web-
based patient chart for the first time. The agreement gives us limited
exclusivity within our product category in exchange for meeting minimum service
volume requirements for Speech Machines' service offerings.

                                      E-9

Customers and Markets

   We currently focus on the healthcare industry because of the particular need
of healthcare professionals to have immediate access to time-critical patient
data. Our target end user customers are hospitals and physicians in the United
States and, to a lesser extent, Canada and Europe. We believe that these groups
would benefit from using our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems through
reduced costs and increased productivity. Our target markets also include
aggregators of individual physicians, including large medical groups,
independent practice associations, physician practice management companies and
other large organized physician entities. We also target physicians who
practice outreach telemedicine. Additionally, we believe that specialist
physicians, who have patients requiring immediate medical attention upon sudden
change in medical status--such as cardiologists, cardiac surgeons, urologists,
nephrologists, obstetricians and gynecologists--would benefit from using our
products. Below is a summary of our target markets:

  Hospital System                     Market
  ---------------                     ------

  StatView                            Departments in more than 5,800 hospitals
                                      in the United States.

  AlarmView                           Approximately one million stand-alone
                                      units, including multi-parameter
                                      monitors, pulse oximeters, ventilators,
                                      IV pumps and external defibrillators.

  FlexView                            Departments in more than 5,000 hospitals
                                      in the United States.

  ECG Stat                            Approximately 18,000 cardiovascular-
                                      related departments in U.S. hospitals.

  Paceart Pacemaker Patient Follow-up 7,000 cardiologists who perform pacemaker
                                      implants.

  Paceart Arrhythmia Follow-up        25,000 cardiologists and 100,000 general
                                      practitioners.

  Physician System                    Market
  ----------------                    ------

  PocketChart                         Small to medium physician practice groups
                                      and solo practitioners in the United
                                      States.

  WebChart                            30,000 cardiovascular specialists.

  UnwiredDr                           Physician practice groups and solo
                                      practitioners in the United States.

   Most of our direct sales of Hospital Systems were made to hospitals and
other end users either concurrently with their new purchases of new Agilent
monitoring equipment, or to hospitals that had already installed Agilent
monitoring equipment. Sales to GEMS IT, an OEM customer, accounted for
approximately 16% of our total revenue in 2000, approximately 19% in 1999 and
approximately 55% in 1998. We expect that Agilent and Medtronic Physio-Control
will each account for a substantial portion of our total revenue sources for
the next 12 to 18 months. Loss of that revenue would harm our business.

Sales, Marketing and Customer Support

 Hospital Systems

   In November 2000, we entered into a strategic distribution alliance with
Medtronic Physio-Control. Under this distribution alliance, Medtronic Physio-
Control has become the exclusive non-OEM distributor of our wireless alarm
notification systems for in-hospital use. In exchange for their exclusive
rights, Medtronic Physio-Control agreed to make minimum quarterly payments to
us during the first year of the agreement, and to distribute minimum numbers of
our products to end users. We have agreed to negotiate new minimum payments and
distribution targets for subsequent quarters based on actual historical sales
of our products by Medtronic Physio-Control. In addition, as part of our
agreement, Medtronic Physio-Control hired substantially all of our direct sales
force and installation personnel.

                                      E-10

   Medtronic Physio-Control has also agreed to:

  .  integrate our old Hospital System sales force with Medtronic Physio-
     Control's existing sales force;

  .  train the existing Medtronic Physio-Control sales force to sell our
     Hospital Systems, including StatView, AlarmView and FlexView;

  .  market and distribute our products, including StatView, AlarmView and
     FlexView;

  .  include our products in international sales and marketing programs;

  .  include our products in Medtronic Physio-Control's national accounts
     contracts, which provide access to large, national hospital chains;

  .  include our products in the global healthcare exchange, an on-line
     marketplace for medical devices and healthcare products;

  .  provide installation and field services for our Hospital Systems; and

  .  meet minimum sales and end-user distribution levels.

   This new distribution alliance with Medtronic Physio-Control marks an
important milestone in our history and signifies a major change in both our
financial and business models. In the past, we relied on our own efforts to
directly distribute our non-OEM wireless alarm notification systems. In the
future, we must rely on a third party for this distribution--including
distribution of our three key products, StatView, AlarmView and FlexView, which
together accounted for approximately 68% of our Hospital Systems net sales in
2000. Because sales of our Hospital Systems generated approximately 81% of our
total revenue in 2000, a substantial portion of our future revenues will depend
on Medtronic Physio-Control's ability and efforts to sell our products.

   Our new relationship with Medtronic Physio-Control could expand our Hospital
Systems revenues by significantly enhancing our distribution channels, and
could augment our existing OEM relationships by providing broader installation
and follow-up services than we alone can offer. The relationship could also
increase our market penetration as a result of Medtronic Physio-Control's
guaranteed minimum end-user distribution targets. However, these end-user
distribution percentage targets were not met in the first quarter of 2001.

   In addition to our distribution through Medtronic-Physio-Control, we market
and sell our Hospital Systems through cross-marketing and OEM relationships
with our strategic partners. Our strategic partners provide field sales people
who actively sell and market our Hospital Systems to their respective accounts.
We carefully select our strategic partners and work closely with them
throughout their sales process to increase our revenue potential.

   Also in November 2000, we agreed to license portions of our proprietary
StatView technology to Agilent for the purpose of integrating StatView into
Agilent's patient monitoring systems. In return for this three-year license,
which grants Agilent certain exclusive rights in respect of product integration
for at least the first two years, Agilent has agreed to minimum purchase
obligations. This alliance with Agilent marks a new strategy of leveraging the
value of our proprietary technology through incorporation into the monitoring
products of larger, more well-established companies. We intend to seek similar,
additional licensing agreements with other strategic partners.

   We also directly target nurses and nursing professional associations. We
maintain an extensive online database of all U.S. hospitals. This database is a
key source of sales information covering capital equipment purchase cycles, key
decision makers and the status of all contacts made at the account.

   We attend and showcase our Hospital Systems at major trade shows, including
those sponsored by the American College of Cardiology, the American Heart
Association, the Association of Nurse Executives and the Society of Critical
Care Medicine. At many of these trade shows, we co-promote our Hospital Systems
in our

                                      E-11

strategic partners' booths. We also send direct mailings to potential customers
promoting our Hospital Systems, and support the external research efforts of
institutions that are reviewing technology uses within the healthcare industry.

   We believe that a high level of customer support is necessary to achieve
wide acceptance of our Hospital Systems. We provide customer support services
for our Hospital Systems twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. We employ
technical support personnel who work directly with our strategic partners and
customers. We also provide training programs for our Hospital Systems customers
and our strategic alliance partners.

 Physician Systems

   We market and sell our Physician Systems through an internal sales force and
through strategic partners. Our strategic partners utilize their sales force to
sell our Physician Systems to their current and prospective customers. In
addition, we have joint marketing arrangements with the majority of our
strategic partners that include shared booth space at medical trade shows,
joint distribution of product literature and joint sponsorship of product fairs
at medical centers and hospitals. Further, several of our strategic partners
provide fulfillment services for our Physician Systems, including fulfilling
orders, billing and collections. We believe that our strategic partners allow
us to advance and accelerate the deployment of our products using new devices
such as cell phones, pagers and personal digital assistants.

   Our sales, marketing and business development resources for our Physician
Systems are located at our offices in Washington. Our internal sales force for
our Physician Systems targets small physician practices, large medical groups
and specialists within hospitals throughout the United States. Attendance at
major trade shows, including the American Academy of Family Practice and the
Society of Thoracic Surgeons, constitutes our major activity. We also promote
our Physician Systems through direct mailings to prospective customers,
advertisements in medical informatics journals and through our online store on
our company website.

   We believe that attracting and retaining end-users of our Physician Systems
requires effective customer service. Therefore, we provide a wide range of
customer support services through our customer service personnel, e-mail help
desk, telephone support desk and web-based support and training services.

Manufacturing

   Our Hospital Systems manufacturing operations consist primarily of final
assembly and testing, quality assurance, packaging and shipping. Our current
manufacturing facilities are located in Bothell, Washington and Fairfield, New
Jersey. These facilities are regulated by the FDA and must undergo periodic
audits for compliance with the FDA's quality system regulations. In September
1999, our Bothell facility qualified for ISO 9001 and EN46001 Certification to
the U.S. Registrar Accreditation Board. In January 2001, our Fairfield facility
was certified to the same standard. ISO 9001 is the highest level of
certification for quality manufacturing in the United States and EN46001
Certification requires meeting additional quality standards in order to
manufacture medical devices sold in Europe.

   We currently rely on outside contract manufacturers for certain components
of our Hospital Systems. We purchase standard server hardware directly from
third-party manufacturers and install our proprietary software on these
servers. We rely on single-source suppliers for certain components of our
Hospital Systems. We have developed a supplier selection procedure and approved
vendor list to maintain quality. In addition, we monitor our suppliers'
performance to ensure consistent quality, reliability and yield.

   Our Physician Systems consist solely of software products and do not involve
significant material manufacturing operations.

Research and Development

   The emerging market for the use of wireless communications and the Internet
in the healthcare industry is characterized by rapid technological
developments, frequent new product introductions and evolving industry

                                      E-12

standards. Advances in operating systems, radio frequency systems and hardware
are enabling the rapid proliferation of new solutions.

   Through our research and development efforts, we strive to use the most
current technology to ensure that our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems
meet the needs of an ever-changing marketplace. We believe that our future
success will depend in large part on our ability to continue to maintain and
enhance our software applications, wireless technologies and other proprietary
technology while simultaneously improving the performance, features and
reliability of our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems.

   The success of our new product introductions, for both our Hospital Systems
and our Physician Systems, will depend on several factors, including:

  . identification of a realizable market opportunity;

  . definition of new systems;

  . timely completion and introduction of new systems; and

  . market acceptance of our systems.

   To enable us to develop new Hospital Systems and Physician Systems more
rapidly, we intend to leverage the ability of our technology to work easily
with, and be incorporated into, the products of other companies. In addition,
we intend to rely on our alliances with strategic partners for additional
research and development resources to create integrated solutions with their
products.

   For the twelve months ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, expenses
attributable to research and development for our Hospital Systems totaled $3.5
million, $2.4 million and $2.1 million. For the twelve months ended December
31, 2000, expenses attributable to research and development for our Physician
Systems totaled $2.1 million. Because we recently acquired the businesses that
develop and market our Physician Systems, for the twelve months ended December
31, 1999 and 1998 there were no expenses attributable to research and
development for our Physician Systems. We believe that the timely development
of new and enhanced systems and technologies is necessary to remain competitive
in the marketplace. Accordingly, we intend to continue recruiting and hiring
experienced development personnel, as well as making other investments in
research and development.

Competition

 Hospital Systems

   Our Hospital Systems compete primarily with traditional methods of patient
monitoring, including direct patient oversight, monitoring through wired
systems and voice communications. As we establish a market for our systems,
additional entrants will likely be drawn into our market. In addition, one or
more of our strategic partners or other medical equipment manufacturers may
decide to develop products that directly compete with our systems. For example,
in January 2000, SpaceLabs Medical, Inc. announced that it received
notification of FDA clearance to market its new Ultraview Clinical
Messenger(TM), a multi-parameter waveform wireless paging system. SpaceLabs has
stated that it plans to sell the product to hospitals that have SpaceLabs
patient monitors. Other potential competitors include traditional monitoring
companies such as Agilent, Philips, GEMS IT, Siemens and Datascope. We may be
unable to compete successfully with these companies because many of them may
have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, better name
recognition and a larger installed base of products and technologies.

 Physician Systems

   Our Physician Systems are subject to competition from both traditional
healthcare information system vendors, including IDX Corporation, McKesson/HBOC
and Cerner Corporation as well as Internet healthcare

                                      E-13

companies, including Allscripts, Medscape, WebMD and others. The Internet
healthcare industry is intensely competitive and subject to fragmentation, high
growth and rapid technological change. Many of these companies have longer
operating histories, significantly greater resources, better name recognition
and a larger installed base of products and technologies. We may be unable to
compete successfully against these organizations.

   Both our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems compete on the basis of
cost-efficiency, enhanced mobility, features, functionality and price. We
believe we compete favorably with regard to each of these factors. To maintain
and improve our competitive position, we must:

  . continue to prove the benefits of our systems;

  . develop new and improved technologies;

  . market to hospitals, healthcare professionals and consumers; and

  . maintain and continue to create alliances with key manufacturers of
    complementary medical equipment.

Patents and Intellectual Property Rights

   We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret
laws and other agreements with employees and third parties to establish and
protect our proprietary rights for both our Hospital Systems and our Physician
Systems.

   We require each of our officers, employees and consultants to enter into
standard agreements containing provisions requiring confidentiality of
proprietary information and assignment to us of all inventions made during the
course of their employment. We also enter into nondisclosure agreements and
limit access to, and distribution of, our software, documentation and other
proprietary information.

   Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties
may attempt to copy aspects of our systems or may independently develop
technologies that are substantially equivalent to ours. Our patent applications
may be disallowed or our existing patents may be ruled invalid and
unenforceable by a court if we seek to enforce them. In addition, our employees
or our commercial partners may breach confidentiality agreements or other
contracts we have entered, and we may be unable to enforce our rights.

 Hospital Systems

   Currently, we own six U.S. patents covering claims for various aspects of
our Hospital Systems. Subject to our paying maintenance fees, these patents
will be in force for a number of years. One expires in 2008, three expire in
2013 and two expire in 2016. We have one pending patent application for which a
notice of allowance has been granted.

   We license two patents, certain trade secrets and other intellectual
property rights from third parties. We have an exclusive license to U.S. Patent
5,003,984, entitled Apparatus for Alerting a Doctor by Radio to Provide an
Alarm for a Patient, from Fukuda Denshi Co., Ltd., a Japanese company. This
license has a term of two years that automatically renews unless cancelled by
us. The license also automatically terminates upon the occurrence of certain
events, such as our filing for bankruptcy, our material breach of the license,
or our undergoing a change of control that is adverse to Fukuda. We believe
that the Fukuda patent covers claims for most wireless transmission of medical
data waveforms, including ECG waveforms.

   We hold a number of registered and unregistered trademarks, service names
and domain names that are used in our Hospital Systems business. Generally,
federally registered trademarks offer protection for renewable terms of ten
years so long as the mark continues to be used in commerce. Our strategic
partners have also disclosed and/or licensed to us, for use in our Hospital
Systems, source code or output protocols proprietary to their medical equipment
and monitoring systems.

                                      E-14

 Physicians Systems

   Currently, for our Physician Systems we hold one pending U.S. patent
application. We hold a number of registered and unregistered trademarks,
service names and domain names that are used in our Physicians Systems
business. Our strategic partners have also disclosed and/or licensed to us
proprietary technology for use in our Physician Systems.

Government Regulation

 Hospital Systems

   Federal Communications Commission. Our Hospital Systems are regulated by the
Federal Communications Commission, or FCC. The FCC requires that wireless
access devices meet various standards, including safety standards regarding
human exposure to electromagnetic radiation and basic signal leakage. The FCC
has approved our radio frequency system components. In addition, we currently
hold an FCC license on 22 frequencies in the UHF spectrum. We are also
regulated under the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and other federal, state and
international laws and regulations.

   Food and Drug Administration. The Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, is
responsible for assuring the safety and effectiveness of medical devices under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. Computer applications and software are
considered medical devices and subject to regulation by the FDA when they are
indicated, labeled or intended to be used in the diagnosis of disease or other
conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease, or
are intended to affect the structure or function of the body.

   StatView, AlarmView, FlexView and ECG Stat are regulated by the FDA because
they have been defined as medical devices used in the diagnosis and treatment
of disease. Under FDA regulations, medical devices are classified into one of
three classes on the basis of the controls deemed by the FDA to be necessary to
reasonably ensure their safety and effectiveness: Class I, Class II and Class
III. Class I requires only general controls, including labeling, pre-market
notification and adherence to good manufacturing practices. Class II requires
general and special controls, which may include general controls, special
controls and pre-market approval performance standards and post-market
surveillance. Class III requires pre-market approval and notification clearance
by the FDA under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. In
addition, changes to our systems may also require FDA review and clearance
prior to marketing or sale in the United States. The FDA will typically grant
510(k) clearance if we can establish that our device is "substantially
equivalent" to a legally marketed Class I or II medical device or to a Class
III device for which the FDA has not yet required the submission of a pre-
market approval application.

   StatView, then marketed as CardioPager, received FDA approval as a Class III
product in early 1998. ECG Stat is currently classified as a Class II product,
grandfathered under the Agilent PalmVue(TM) classification. AlarmView received
FDA approval as a Class II product during November 1999. FlexView received
initial FDA approval in March 1998 and was subsequently classified as a Class
II product in March 2001. In addition, our Paceart products have received FDA
approval and have been classified as Class II products.

   In 2000 we discovered a bug in embedded software used in our StatView
receivers. We undertook a field action to replace the affected receivers with
receivers with upgraded firmware fully remedying the performance issues. We
notified the FDA of our action. Upon review, the FDA categorized the action as
a Class II recall--meaning that the FDA requires periodic status reports and a
certificate of completion. We are in the process of completing the field
action.

   All our commercialized products that are defined as medical devices have
received FDA approvals to the extent required by law, but we may nevertheless
be required to obtain 510(k) clearance for new or modified products. The
process of obtaining 510(k) clearance can be expensive and time-consuming, and
may require the submission of extensive supporting data. If we fail to obtain
510(k) clearance for any of our new or modified systems, or if the 510(k)
process is extended for a considerable length of time, the commencement of

                                      E-15

commercial sales of these systems will be delayed substantially or
indefinitely. In addition continued compliance with FDA regulations could prove
to be time consuming, burdensome and expensive, which could impair our ability
to introduce new applications or services in a timely manner.

 Physician Systems

   Laws and Regulation of the Internet. There are currently few laws or
regulations that specifically regulate communications or commerce on the
Internet, and none that we believe specifically regulate our Physician Systems.
However, laws and regulations may be adopted that address issues such as online
content, user privacy, pricing and characteristics and quality of applications
and services. For example, although two key provisions of the act were held
unconstitutional, the Communications Decency Act of 1996 prohibited the
transmission over the Internet of various types of information and content.
Similarly, the Federal Trade Commission began enforcing requirements under the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in April 2000, which imposed
significant compliance burdens in connection with the online collection of
personal information from children under 13.

   International regulations concerning the Internet, privacy and transborder
data flows are considerably more developed than regulations in the United
States. We intend to develop applications and services to be used on a
worldwide basis and, consequently, will be required to comply with
international regulations concerning the Internet and e-commerce, as well as
with U.S. regulations. We have not evaluated the effect that these regulations
would have on our business.

 Hospital Systems and Physician Systems

   Healthcare Regulations. Because we are a provider of healthcare related
systems, extensive and frequently changing federal regulations also govern the
licensing, conduct of operations and other aspects of our business. Federal
certification and licensing programs establish standards for day-to-day
operation of our research and manufacturing facilities. Regulatory agencies
verify our compliance with standards through periodic inspections and testing.
Although we have been found to be in compliance with all these standards to
date, our facilities may fail future inspections conducted to ensure compliance
with federal or any other applicable licenses or certification laws.

   Patient Medical Record Confidentiality Laws. The confidentiality of patient
records and the circumstances under which records may be released for
transmission through our systems are subject to substantial regulation by state
governments. These state laws and regulations govern both the disclosure and
the use of confidential patient medical record information. Although compliance
with these laws and regulations is at present principally the responsibility of
the hospital, physician or other healthcare provider, regulations governing
patient confidentiality rights are evolving rapidly. Additional legislation
governing the dissemination of medical record information has been proposed at
both the state and federal level. This legislation may require holders of
confidential patient information to implement security measures that could
require substantial expenditures. Changes to state or federal laws could
materially restrict the ability of healthcare providers to transmit information
from patient records using our systems.

   Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. We also must
comply with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or
HIPAA. In December 2000, a final rule was promulgated by the FDA pursuant to
HIPAA, which regulates the use and disclosure of individually identifiable
information in any form, whether written, oral or electronic, by health plans,
providers and clearinghouses. Under certain circumstances, HIPAA requires
patient consent from health plans, healthcare providers, and clearing houses
prior to the disclosure of protected identifiable health information. HIPAA
also establishes rules about individuals' rights to access or amend their own
or someone else's medical information, and to receive written notice of
information practices, including uses of such information by health plans,
providers and clearinghouses. Such organizations, as well as the companies or
other persons they do business with, will need to establish procedures and
systems that will help achieve this and to accommodate individuals' requests.

                                      E-16

HIPAA and various state laws, in relation to the concern about patient record
confidentiality, require holders of medical records to implement security and
other necessary measures, which may prove to be expensive and restrict
healthcare providers from utilizing our products for the transmission of
medical records.

   Because of our relationships with organizations covered by the HIPAA privacy
regulations, we will need to provide contractual assurances to those
organizations that our products and services are consistent with applicable
requirements of the regulations. The regulations will become effective in early
2003, and we are already receiving inquiries from customers about HIPAA
compliance. WebChart and our handheld products already contain many features
that can assist customers in achieving HIPAA compliance. We intend for all of
our products and services to meet applicable HIPAA requirements by the time
those regulations become effective.

   The confidentiality of patient records and the circumstances under which
records may be released for inclusion in our databases are also subject to
other state and federal laws. These laws require holders of medical records to
implement security measures that may require substantial expenditures by us or
materially restrict the ability of healthcare providers to submit information
from patient records using our applications. Congress is also likely to
consider legislation that would establish rules about individuals' rights to
access their own or someone else's medical information within legislation known
as a "patient bill of rights". This legislation, if enacted, would likely
define what is to be considered protected health information and outline steps
to ensure the confidentiality of this information. Any additional federal or
state legislation addressing these issues could negatively affect the way in
which we are allowed to conduct business, especially those aspects that involve
the collection or use of personal information. Moreover, it may take years to
determine the extent to which existing laws governing issues such as property
ownership, libel, negligence and personal privacy are applicable to the
Internet.

Recent Acquisitions and Other Events

   Elixis Corporation. In April 2000, we acquired Elixis by statutory merger
into datacritical.com Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary. Under the terms of the
agreement, we issued 209,991 shares of our common stock. We also paid Elixis'
option holders approximately $110,000 in exchange for cancellation of all
outstanding Elixis stock options, and we assumed Elixis liabilities of
approximately $1,327,000. We believe that Elixis' technology, when combined
with the technology we acquired from Physix, will accelerate our ability to
create wireless, Internet-based clinical systems. We also plan to take
advantage of Elixis' distribution partnerships with leading healthcare
companies, such as Edwards Lifesciences, as well as its hospital customers,
such as the University of Washington Medical Center and the University of
Pennsylvania Health System.

   Paceart Associates, L.P. In September 2000, we acquired all of the
outstanding limited partnership interests of Paceart Associates, L.P. and all
the outstanding capital stock of its corporate general partner, Paceart G.P.,
Inc. We paid the former owners of Paceart an aggregate purchase price of
$6,162,000 in cash, 300,000 shares of our common stock and a contingent earn-
out payment of up to $400,000. Paceart is a leader in the design, manufacture,
sales and support of pacemaker-monitoring and arrhythmia-monitoring systems.
The Paceart systems offer PC-based software for managing the care of cardiac
patients with implanted devices. We believe that Paceart will enhance our
access to the overall cardiology market. We expect to leverage Paceart's
substantial installed base of cardiologists through our distribution
partnerships for unwiredDr and WebChart.

   Agilent Technologies, Inc. In November 2000, we agreed to license portions
of our proprietary StatView technology to Agilent for the purpose of
incorporation into Agilent's patient monitoring products. In return for this
three-year license, which grants Agilent certain exclusive rights in respect of
product integration for at least the first two years, Agilent has agreed to
significant minimum purchase obligations for the first two years of the
agreement.

                                      E-17

   Medtronic Physio-Control Corp. In November 2000, we entered into a strategic
distribution alliance with Medtronic Physio-Control. Under this distribution
alliance, Medtronic Physio-Control has become the exclusive non-OEM distributor
of our wireless alarm notification systems for in-hospital use. In exchange for
these exclusive rights, Medtronic Physio-Control agreed to make substantial
minimum quarterly payments to us during the first year of the agreement, and to
negotiate new minimums for subsequent quarters based on their actual historical
sales of our products. In addition, as part of our agreement, Medtronic Physio-
Control hired substantially all of our direct sales force and installation
personnel. See "Sales, Marketing and Customer Support," beginning on page E-10.

   Stock Repurchase Program. On November 9, 2000, we announced that our board
of directors had approved a stock repurchase program. Under the program, our
management is authorized to repurchase on the open market up to 10% of
outstanding shares of our common stock from time to time through December 2001.
Any shares so repurchased will be held as treasury shares to be used for
general corporate purposes, including employment benefit plans, acquisitions
and other purposes. On January 23, 2001, we announced that we had filed notice
with the National Association of Securities Dealers that our total outstanding
shares had declined by 5% as a result of the stock repurchase program.

   Fukuda Denshi Co., Ltd. On February 1, 2001, an amendment to our existing
license agreement with Fukuda became effective. Under this amendment, we
obtained exclusive rights in the United States to use Fukuda's patented
technology to produce and manufacture certain wireless alarm notification
devices for the healthcare industry.

   VitalCom Inc. In March 2001, we agreed to acquire VitalCom, a leading
provider of wireless patient monitoring systems. Under terms of the agreement,
stockholders of VitalCom will receive 0.62 shares of our common stock for each
share of VitalCom common stock held. VitalCom will merge with, and will become,
our wholly owned subsidiary. Consummation of the merger is conditioned on
approval by the stockholders of both companies, as well as certain other
events, but the merger is expected to close in June 2001. We believe the
proposed merger, if completed, will integrate the technologies of two in-
hospital wireless product market leaders and will result in a broader alarm
notification and networking portfolio of wireless products for our company,
partners and customers. VitalCom develops and manufactures PatientNet(TM), a
wireless infrastructure technology that integrates patient information from
various manufacturers' monitoring and bedside devices into a single network,
making patient information available in real-time. VitalCom's large-scale
wireless networks are capable of supporting up to 1,000 patients, and have been
installed in more than 100 hospitals throughout the country, including well-
known facilities such as Columbia Presbyterian Hospital, Barnes Jewish Hospital
and Montefiore Medical Center. We believe that VitalCom's new PatientNet(TM)
system, introduced in December 2000, provides high-end, centralized networking
and wireless systems. Our strategy will be to leverage VitalCom's
PatientNet(TM) technology to integrate our products with VitalCom's products
and to help expand sales of PatientNet(TM) through our distribution channels.
As a result, we expect to reach a significantly broader market.

Executive Officers

   The following table lists our executive officers, who will serve in the
capacities noted until their successors are duly appointed and qualified.

 Name                                      Age Position
 ----                                      --- --------

 Richard L. Earnest......................  58  Chief Executive Officer and
                                                Director

 David E. Albert, M.D. ..................  46  Chief Scientist, Chairman
                                                Emeritus and Director

 Michael E. Singer.......................  38  Executive Vice President,
                                                Corporate Development and Chief
                                                Financial Officer and Director

 Bradley R. Harlow.......................  43  Senior Vice President of
                                                Business Development and
                                                General Manager, Paceart
                                                Division

 Robert A. May...........................  46  Vice President of Hospital
                                                Operations

                                      E-18

   Richard L. Earnest (age 58) has served as chief executive officer of Data
Critical. He has also served as a director of Data Critical since May 1997.
Since December 1998, Mr. Earnest has been the mayor of the city of Del Mar,
California and currently serves on the Del Mar city council. From 1995 to 1997,
Mr. Earnest served as chief executive officer of Tudor Publishing Company, a
private educational software company. From 1993 to 1995, Mr. Earnest was chief
executive officer at Demax Software, Inc., a VAX and UNIX security products
company. From 1991 to 1993, Mr. Earnest was the chief executive officer at
AdvantEDGE Systems Group, a software re-engineering company. From 1989 to 1991,
Mr. Earnest was chief executive officer at Peregrine Systems. From 1983 to
1989, he was the president at VM Software, Inc. Mr. Earnest is a director of
RSA Security, a computer network security products company, and also serves as
a director on the board of various private companies. Mr. Earnest holds a B.S.
degree in engineering and a M.S. degree in management from the U.S. Naval
Academy.

   David E. Albert, M.D. (age 46) founded Data Critical in October 1992 and
serves as chief scientist and chairman emeritus of the board of Data Critical.
Prior to founding Data Critical, Dr. Albert served as a consultant to Hewlett-
Packard's Cardiology Business Unit from 1990 to 1992. Dr. Albert was president
and founder of Corazonix Corp. from 1984 to 1989, and from 1984 to 1987 served
as a consultant to Quinton Instrument Co. in Seattle. Dr. Albert holds an A.B.
degree from Harvard University and an M.D. from Duke University, and is the
holder of ten U.S. patents.

   Michael E. Singer (age 38) has served as executive vice president, corporate
development and chief financial officer of Data Critical since June 1999. Mr.
Singer has also served as a director of Data Critical since January 2001. Prior
to joining Data Critical, from 1992 to 1999, Mr. Singer was an investment
banker focusing on mergers, acquisitions and corporate financings for
healthcare companies. During that period of time, Mr. Singer served as a
principal at Banc of America/NationsBanc Montgomery Securities from 1998 to
1999, vice president at Alex, Brown & Sons from 1997 to 1998 and vice president
at Wolfensohn & Co., Incorporated from 1992 to 1997. From 1990 to 1992, Mr.
Singer worked at Union Bank of Switzerland in Zurich, Switzerland in global
corporate and institutional banking, and in 1986 at the Commission of the
European Communities in Brussels, Belgium. Mr. Singer holds a Ph.D. degree from
the London School of Economics, a M.A. degree from the Maxwell School of Public
Affairs, Syracuse University and a B.A. degree from Washington and Lee
University.

   Bradley R. Harlow (age 43) joined Data Critical as vice president and
general manager in August 1997 and became senior vice president of business
development and general manager of Paceart Division in September 2000. Prior to
joining Data Critical, he served as vice president of worldwide sales and
marketing at Instromedix, Inc., a producer of ambulatory products that transmit
data over phone lines, from 1991 until 1997. From 1989 to 1991, he served as
general manager of the avionics/marine department at Icom America
Communications Company. Mr. Harlow also held management positions at
Spacelabs/ATL Ultrasound from 1982 to 1989 and at Kaiser Industries from 1979
to 1982. Mr. Harlow holds a B.S. in accounting from Oregon State University and
an M.B.A. from the Albers School of Business at Seattle University. Mr. Harlow
also serves as a director of Prevention Concepts Incorporated, a private
ultrasound cardiac risk analysis company.

   Robert A. May (age 46) has served as vice president of hospital operations
of Data Critical since November 1999. Prior to joining Data Critical, he served
as vice president of manufacturing of Mackie Designs, a professional audio
equipment company, from 1997 until 1999. Prior to his role at Mackie Designs,
Mr. May held various positions at Medtronic-Physio Control, a developer of
medical devices, from 1990 until 1997, including serving as vice president of
manufacturing from 1995 until 1997. Mr. May holds both a M.S. degree in
Administration and a B.S. degree in biology and psychology from the University
of Oregon.

Employees

   During 2000, the number of our employees grew significantly from 86 to 153
employees. As of December 31, 2000, we had 17 employees in manufacturing, 37 in
sales and marketing, 22 in services and support, 35 in research and
development, 10 in regulatory affairs and 32 in general and administrative
functions. In early January 2000, approximately 25 of our employees--mostly in
sales and marketing--were-

                                      E-19

hired by Medtronic Physio-Control as part of our strategic distribution
alliance. None of our employees is a member of a labor union or is covered by a
collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage.
We believe we have good relations with our employees.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

   Our principal executive offices and principal Hospital Systems assembly and
testing facilities are located in Bothell, Washington, where we lease
approximately 17,000 square feet under a lease that expires in June 2004. We
also maintain a facility for our Hospital Systems used primarily as an advanced
development laboratory in approximately 8,400 square feet of space in Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma under a lease that expires in December 2006. Our Paceart
division of our Hospital System business operates out of 7,500 square feet of
office space in Fairfield, New Jersey under a lease that expires in 2004.

   Our Physician Systems business uses approximately 10,600 square feet of
office space in Houston, Texas under a lease that expires in March 2004, and
7,257 square feet of office space in Seattle, Washington under a lease expiring
in 2005.

   We own substantially all of the equipment used in our Hospital Systems and
Physician Systems facilities, except equipment held under capitalized lease
arrangements.

   We believe that our existing Hospital Systems and Physician Systems
facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs and that suitable
additional space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable
terms as needed.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

   As of the date hereof, we are not party to any material pending legal
proceedings. No such proceedings were terminated during the fourth quarter of
the 2000 fiscal year.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

   No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders for the fourth
quarter of our 2000 fiscal year.

                                      E-20

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Market for Our Common Stock; Holders; Dividends

   Our common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "DCCA" since November 9, 1999, the date of our initial public offering.
Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales
prices for our common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market.

                                                                   High   Low
                                                                  ------ ------

     1999:
     Fourth Quarter (from November 9, 1999)...................... $16.73 $ 9.00

     2000:
     First Quarter .............................................. $50.75 $12.50
     Second Quarter ............................................. $23.94 $ 5.50
     Third Quarter .............................................. $15.75 $ 7.25
     Fourth Quarter ............................................. $10.19 $ 1.25

   We had approximately 192 stockholders of record as of March 28, 2001.
Because many shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of our
stockholders, we are unable to estimate the actual number of stockholders
represented by these record holders.

   We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We
currently intend to retain any future earnings and therefore do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During 2000

   During 2000, we issued 167,293 shares of common stock pursuant to the
exercise of warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $3.00 per share.

   On April 3, 2000, we acquired Elixis by merger with and into our wholly-
owned subsidiary, datacritical.com Inc. The merger was accomplished pursuant to
an agreement and plan of merger dated as of March 12, 2000, as amended on March
30, 2000. As a result of the merger, each share of Elixis common stock was
converted into 0.0407847 shares of our common stock. All of Elixis' stock
option plans were terminated prior to completion of the merger, and we paid an
aggregate of approximately $110,000 to Elixis' option holders in exchange for
cancellation of all outstanding Elixis stock options. A total of 209,991 shares
of our common stock were issued to former Elixis shareholders in the merger. In
connection with this issuance of our common stock, we granted the former Elixis
shareholders certain demand and piggyback registration rights in respect of the
shares of our common stock issued to them.

   On June 5, 2000, we completed the sale of 1,230,770 shares of our common
stock for approximately $10 million to Aether pursuant to a common stock
purchase agreement dated June 2, 2000. In addition, we granted Aether a nine-
month option to purchase shares of our common stock worth $10 million. This
option expired unexercised in March 2001. We intend to use the proceeds of the
sale for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, for product
development, marketing and distribution enhancement. In connection with this
sale of our common stock and the grant of the related option, we granted Aether
certain demand and piggyback registration rights in respect of shares of our
common stock that Aether purchased.

   On September 11, 2000, our wholly-owned subsidiary, datacritical.com Inc.,
acquired all of the outstanding interests of Paceart pursuant to a limited
partnership interest and stock purchase agreement, dated

                                      E-21

as of August 31, 2000. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the former
owners of Paceart were paid an aggregate cash purchase price of $6,162,000 in
exchange for their ownership interests in Paceart. The stockholders of
Paceart's corporate general partner also were issued 300,000 shares of our
common stock. A portion of the cash consideration payable to the former owners
of Paceart was withheld and placed in an escrow account for 18 months following
the closing of the acquisition. In connection with this issuance of our common
stock, we granted the stockholders of Paceart's corporate general partner
certain demand and piggyback registration rights in respect of the shares of
our common stock issued to them.

   The issuances of the above securities were deemed to be exempt from
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(2) and/or
Regulation D promulgated thereunder, or other applicable exemption of the
Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.
The recipients of securities in each transaction represented their intentions
to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for
sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were
affixed to the share certificates and warrants issued in the transactions. All
recipients had adequate access through their relationships with Data Critical
to information about Data Critical.

   As of December 31, 2000, we had repurchased, under our stock repurchase
program, 763,500 shares of our common stock on the open market at an average
purchase price of $2.71. Of these repurchased shares, on November 29, 2000 we
granted Michael E. Singer 44,500 shares at $2.9375 per share, which grant was
deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on
Section 4(2) and Regulation D promulgated thereunder as a transaction by an
issuer not involving any public offering. In addition, on November 29, 2000 and
December 22, 2000, we granted 9,000 and 2,833 of these repurchased shares to
certain of our employees at $2.9375 and $1.8125 per share, respectively, for
which there may not be any applicable exemption from registration under the
Securities Act. We may be subject to a claim for rescission of such grants by
the employee recipients of the shares. Under such a claim for rescission, we
may be required to make an aggregate payment of approximately $31,572 plus
interest from the date of grant. There is no assurance that we will not
otherwise be subject to possible additional penalties or fines relating to
those grants.

Stockholder Rights Plan

   Pursuant to a rights plan dated June 15, 2000 between ChaseMellon
Shareholder Services, L.L.C. and ourselves, on July 21, 2000, we issued a
dividend to our common stockholders of approximately 12,245,829 rights (one
right for each outstanding share of common stock) to purchase 1/1000 of a share
of our Series A participating preferred stock at a price of $75.00 (subject to
adjustment) for each 1/1000 of such share. The issuance of the rights was
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act using Form 8-A promulgated
thereunder.

Report of Offering of Securities and Use of Proceeds Therefrom

   In November 1999, we completed a firm commitment underwritten initial public
offering of 4,025,000 shares of our common stock, including 525,000 shares
related to the underwriter's over-allotment option, at a price of $10.00 per
share. These shares were registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-78059), which was
declared effective on November 8, 1999. The public offering was underwritten by
a syndicate of underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette (now Credit
Suisse First Boston), U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Warburg Dillon Read LLC and
DLJ Direct, Inc. (now CSFB Direct, Inc.). After deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions of $2,817,500 and expenses of approximately $932,500,
we received net proceeds of approximately $36,500,000 from the offering.

   Through December 31, 2000, net proceeds from the initial public offering of
approximately $3.2 million were used to complete mergers and acquisitions,
approximately $17.7 million were used for general operating purposes and a net
balance of approximately $15.6 million was invested in short-term investments
at December 31, 2000.

                                      E-22

   As of March 1, 2001, we have invested the net proceeds from our initial
public offering in short and long-term investments in order to meet anticipated
cash needs for future working capital. We invested our available cash
principally in high-quality corporate issuers and in debt instruments of the
U.S. Government and its agencies. The use of proceeds from the offering does
not represent a material change in the use of proceeds described in the
Registration Statement. None of the net proceeds of the offering were paid
directly or indirectly to any director, officer, general partner of Data
Critical or their associates, persons owning 10 percent or more of any class of
equity securities of Data Critical, or an affiliate of Data Critical.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

   This summary should be read together with the consolidated financial
statements, notes to the consolidated financial statements and "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations"
appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Historical results of
operations are not necessarily indicative of future results.

                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                ---------------------------------------------
                                 1996     1997      1998     1999      2000
                                -------  -------  --------  -------  --------

Selected Financial Data:
Revenues....................... $   190  $   471  $  4,137  $ 9,538  $ 17,834
Net loss attributed to common
 stock.........................  (2,004)  (4,002)   (7,048)  (8,032)  (13,987)
Basic and diluted net loss per
 common share(1)...............   (2.44)   (4.28)    (5.03)   (2.92)    (1.20)
Total assets...................   3,311    1,788     5,625   41,051    43,670
Long-term obligations..........     --     1,641       151    1,169        70
Convertible redeemable
 preferred stock...............   8,282    8,927    19,248      --        --
  Total shareholders equity....  (5,189)  (9,226)  (16,218)  35,565    35,878

- --------
(1) For a description of the computation of the net loss per common share see
    note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

   We commenced operations in April 1993 to develop communications solutions
for individuals needing immediate notification of, and response to, time-
critical data. From 1993 through 1996, the majority of our effort focused on
expanding our research and development efforts, refining our business plan and
developing industry and strategic plans.

   The commercial launch of StatView occurred in early 1998. StatView provided
our primary source of revenue for 1998, 1999 and 2000, and we anticipate that
it will continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue for the next
18 to 24 months. We commercially launched AlarmView and FlexView in 2000.

   In 2000, we reorganized into two strategic business unit groups offering
products and services tailored for particular market segments. Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of
an Enterprise and Related Information," requires us to describe our reportable
segments and provide data consistent with the data that our management uses
when allocating resources and assessing performance.

   Our segments are composed of divisions that offer different products and
services. Our reportable segments are as follows:

  .  Hospital Systems--which design, manufacture, market and service
     technologies designed primarily for use within the hospital environment;
     and

                                      E-23

  .  Physician Systems--which design, manufacture, market and service hand-
     held and Internet-based wireless technologies for use by physicians and
     other healthcare professionals.

   In addition, pursuant to our strategic distribution alliance with Medtronic
Physio-Control, we have changed our method of Hospital Systems distribution.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, substantially all our Hospital Systems
revenues were derived either through:

  .  direct sales by our sales and marketing force (approximately 80%); and

  .  sales with OEM and strategic partner alliances (approximately 16.8%).

   In the future, as a result of our distribution alliance with Medtronic
Physio-Control, most of our Hospital Systems revenues will be generated by our
strategic partners. Although we plan to market and directly distribute our
Paceart systems, we nevertheless will be substantially dependent upon the
efforts and success of our strategic partners for a majority of our Hospital
Systems revenues.

 Technology from the Physix Acquisition

   In December 1999, we acquired substantially all the assets of Physix,
including Physix's developmental technologies and the hiring of approximately
fifteen employees. In the fourth quarter of 1999, we wrote off approximately
$1.8 million of in-process research and development acquired in connection with
the Physix acquisition.

   In connection with the Physix acquisition, we conducted a valuation of the
assets acquired from Physix, including core technology, assembled workforce and
in-process research and development, utilizing the following major assumptions:
the revenue and margin contribution of each technology (in-process and future
yet-to-be defined); the percentage of carryover of technology from products
under development and products scheduled for development in the future; the
expected life of the technology; anticipated module development and module
introduction schedules; revenue forecasts, including expected aggregate growth
rates for the business as a whole and expected growth rates for the Internet
content provider industry; forecasted operating expenses, including selling,
general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenues; and a rate of
return of 50% utilized to discount to present value the cash flows associated
with the in-process technologies.

   As of the acquisition date, Physix's significant ongoing research and
development projects included development of new wireless Internet-based
physician tool technologies, including subscription-based e-commerce
functionality. At the time of the acquisition, these projects had an estimated
aggregate completion percentage of approximately 38% and an anticipated product
completion date range from 6 to 12 months.

   In January 2000, shortly after completion of the Physix acquisition, we
estimated the cost to complete initial development and integration of this
technology to be approximately $883,000. The magnitude of development efforts
needed to complete these initial developments is periodically reviewed by us.

 Technology from the Elixis Acquisition

   In April 2000, we acquired Elixis, including Elixis' developmental
technologies and the hiring of approximately 27 employees. In the second
quarter of 2000, we wrote off approximately $2.8 million of in-process research
and development acquired in connection with the Elixis acquisition.

   In connection with the Elixis acquisition, we conducted a valuation of the
assets acquired from Elixis, including core technology, assembled workforce and
in-process research and development, utilizing the following major assumptions:
the revenue and margin contribution of each technology (in-process and future
yet-to-be defined); the percentage of carryover of technology from products
under development and products scheduled for development in the future; the
expected life of the technology; anticipated module development and module
introduction schedules; revenue forecasts, including expected aggregate growth
rates for the

                                      E-24

business as a whole and expected growth rates for the Internet content provider
industry; forecasted operating expenses, including selling, general and
administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenues; and a rate of return of
45% utilized to discount to present value the cash flows associated with the
in-process technologies.

   As of the acquisition date, Elixis' significant ongoing research and
development projects included development of new Internet-based physician tool
technologies, including subscription-based e-commerce functionality. At the
time of the acquisition, these projects had an estimated aggregate completion
percentage of approximately 65% and an anticipated product completion date
range from 4 to 8 months.

   In May 2000, shortly after completion of the Elixis acquisition, we
estimated the cost to complete initial development and integration of this
technology to be approximately $430,000. The magnitude of development efforts
needed to complete these initial developments is periodically reviewed by us.

 Technology from the Paceart Acquisition

   In September 2000, we acquired Paceart, including Paceart's core technology
and the hiring of approximately 35 employees. We recorded no write-off of in-
process research and development in connection with the Paceart acquisition.

   In connection with the Paceart acquisition, we conducted a valuation of the
assets acquired from Paceart, including core technology and assembled
workforce, utilizing the following major assumptions: the revenue and margin
contribution of each technology; the percentage of carryover of technology from
products under development and products scheduled for development in the
future; the expected life of the technology; revenue forecasts, including
expected aggregate growth rates for the business as a whole and expected growth
rates for the pacemaker, defibrillator and arrhythmia patient management system
industry; and forecasted operating expenses, including selling, general and
administrative expenses, as a percentage of revenues.

 Acquisition Risks

   As a part of the valuations discussed above, management estimates and
assumptions were made. While we believe that the assumptions were made in good
faith and were reasonable when made, such assumptions remain largely untested,
as some of the technology is not yet in service and the other products have
been in service for only a limited period of time. Accordingly, our assumptions
may prove to be inaccurate, and we may not realize the revenues, gross profit,
growth rates, expense levels or other variables set forth in such assumptions.

   Significant technology development efforts may be necessary before any one
of these products can successfully be completed and integrated into our
wireless communication products. The wireless Internet-based physician tool
technology must be developed in a manner compatible with the changing protocols
and standards that are emerging in the wireless industry, and will be greatly
influenced by emerging trends, protocols and standards.

   The direct impact of the wireless Internet-based physician tool technology
on current and future results of operations, liquidity and capital resources is
not known. While we are positioning ourselves for, and are expending
considerable resources in anticipation of, wireless Internet medical
transaction revenues, we may not be able to timely or successfully develop
Internet-based physician tool technology, which could harm our business.

   We anticipated receiving a number of synergies as a result of the Physix,
Elixis and Paceart acquisitions, including gaining knowledgeable staff and
acquiring products and services--in some cases at least partially developed--
which together may reduce time-to-market for subsequent wireless Internet
product development and implementation. We anticipate that any successful
wireless Internet products or services will, when generating material revenues,
yield economies of scale in company-wide selling, general and administrative

                                      E-25

expenses. We anticipate that any successful products or services will, when
generating material revenues, yield economies of scale in company-wide selling,
general and administrative expenses. However, there can be no assurance that we
will realize any of such benefits.

 Recent Developments

   On March 12, 2001, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger to
acquire VitalCom. Pursuant to the merger agreement, and subject to the
approvals of both our and VitalCom's stockholders, among other conditions, a
newly-formed, wholly-owned subsidiary owned by us will merge with and into
VitalCom. VitalCom will be the surviving corporation and will become our
wholly-owned subsidiary. At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding
share of VitalCom common stock will be exchanged for 0.62 shares of our common
stock. In addition, outstanding VitalCom employee options to purchase VitalCom
common stock will be assumed by us and will become options to purchase shares
of our common stock. The exercise price and number of shares subject to such
employee options will be appropriately adjusted to reflect the 0.62 exchange
ratio. On March 16, 2001 there were 8,266,419 shares of VitalCom common stock
outstanding.

 Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the percentage of
revenue of certain line items included in our statement of operations data:

                                     Year Ended
                                    December 31,
                                 ----------------------
                                  1998    1999    2000
                                 ------   -----   -----

   Revenue.....................   100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 %
   Cost of revenue.............    44.5 %  37.9 %  42.9 %
                                 ------   -----   -----
       Gross margin............    55.5 %  62.1 %  57.1 %
   Operating expenses:
     Acquired in-process
      research and
      development..............            18.4 %  15.7 %
     Research and development..    50.9 %  25.3 %  31.5 %
     Sales and marketing.......    84.4 %  45.2 %  47.3 %
     General and
      administrative...........    59.8 %  42.1 %  40.4 %
     Depreciation and
      amortization.............     4.9 %   2.9 %  10.1 %
                                 ------   -----   -----
       Total operating
        expenses...............   200.0 % 133.9 % 145.0 %
                                 ------   -----   -----
       Loss from operations....  (144.4)% (71.8)% (87.9)%
   Interest income (expense),
    net........................     3.7 %   0.4 %   9.5 %
                                 ------   -----   -----
       Net loss................  (140.7)% (71.4)% (78.4)%
                                 ======   =====   =====

Years Ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000

 Revenues

   The following table presents our total revenues for each of the three years
ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 (in millions, except percentages).

                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                            ------------------------------------
                                               1998        1999         2000
                                            ----------- ----------- ------------

   Revenues
   Hospital Systems........................ $4.1 100.0% $9.5 100.0% $16.0  89.9%
   Physician Systems.......................   --   0.0%   --   0.0%   1.8  10.1%
                                            ----        ----        -----
      Total Revenues.......................  4.1 100.0%  9.5 100.0% $17.8 100.0%
                                            ====        ====        =====

                                      E-26

   We achieved record total revenues in 2000, as total revenues increased 87.4%
over 1999 and 334.1% over 1998. This increase represents continued progress in
our efforts to grow revenues by expanding operations and introducing new
products. The contribution that each business segment made to this growth is
discussed below.

 Hospital Systems Revenues

   Through December 31, 2000, we primarily sold our Hospital Systems through a
national direct field sales force, co-marketing alliances with strategic
partners and OEM arrangements. Our direct sales force regularly worked together
with the sales teams of our strategic partners, in particular Agilent, Siemens
and Welch Allyn Protocol. Effective January 1, 2001, Medtronic Physio-Control
is the exclusive non-OEM distributor of our wireless alarm notification systems
for in-hospital use. Our agreement with Medtronic Physio-Control significantly
changes our business model from a strategy of direct distribution of our
hospital alarm notification products to a heavy reliance on third-party
distribution. This change does not affect our continued ability to sell our
alarm notification products through our OEM relationships.

   Revenues from direct sales of our Hospital Systems are generally recognized
upon installation; revenue from OEM sales of our Hospital Systems is generally
recognized upon shipment; revenue generated from installation and training fees
is recognized upon completion of the related services; and revenue from annual
software maintenance fees is deferred and recognized over the term of the
applicable agreement. These revenue recognition principles are consistent with
Statement of Position 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition, as amended by
Statements of Position 98-4 and 98-9. We will generally recognize revenue upon
shipment of Hospital Systems sold through Medtronic Physio-Control.

   For the year ended December 31, 2000, Hospital Systems and related support
revenues increased from $9.5 million to $16.0 million, or approximately 68.4%
over the year ended December 31, 1999. Of this increase, continued sales of our
StatView system through both direct and OEM channels comprised $4.7 million.
The remaining $1.8 million of increased Hospital Systems revenue was from new
product offerings associated with our year 2000 acquisitions.

   For the year ended December 31, 1999, total Hospital Systems and related
support service revenues increased from $4.1 million to $9.5 million, or
approximately 131.7%, over the year ended December 31, 1998. This increase
resulted primarily from an increase in the average selling price of our
products, as well as an increase in overall volume from our OEM arrangement
with GEMS IT, combined with sales by our direct sales force and co-marketing
activities with our strategic partners.

 Physician Revenues

   Revenues from our Physician Systems consist primarily of software license
sales of our WebChart product and secondly from our wireless and hand-held
applications, which include PocketChart. For our WebChart product, our direct
sales force regularly worked together with the sales teams of our strategic
partner Edwards Lifesciences. Service and support fees consist of installation
services and support contracts for our Physician Systems. Subscription fees
consist of recurring charges primarily from users of our Internet-based,
wireless and ASP products.

   2000 was the first year in which we obtained sales in this business segment.
The sales are from our PocketChart and WebChart products, which we obtained in
the Physix and Elixis acquisitions. Sales from these products in 2000 were $1.8
million, of which PocketChart sales accounted for approximately $1.3 million.
Because of the competitive pressures and start-up nature of the Physician
Systems technologies, operating margins were $0.9 million.

 Deferred Revenues

   Deferred revenue was $0.4 million, $1.3 million and $1.8 million at December
31, 1998, 1999 and 2000. This deferred revenue resulted primarily from the
recognition of systems shipped but not installed and software

                                      E-27

maintenance fees. We recognize revenue that had been deferred upon shipment
when the system is installed and recognize revenue from software maintenance
agreements generally over one year terms. We expect that deferred revenue from
software maintenance agreements will represent a decreasing percentage of
revenue in future periods. We expect deferred revenue from these types of
contracts to vary as a percentage of revenue from quarter to quarter.

Operating Expenses

   The following table and related discussion highlights our operating expenses
for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000 (in thousands, except
percentages).

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                          -------------------------------------
                                             1998         1999         2000
                                          ----------- ------------ ------------

Revenue.................................. $4,137 100% $ 9,538 100% $17,834 100%
Cost of revenue..........................  1,841  45%   3,612  38%   7,654  43%
                                          ------      -------      -------
    Gross margin.........................  2,296  55%   5,926  62%  10,180  57%
                                          ------      -------      -------
Operating expenses:
  Acquired in-process research and
   development...........................               1,758  18%   2,800  16%
  Research and development...............  2,104  51%   2,410  25%   5,615  32%
  Sales and marketing....................  3,490  84%   4,312  45%   8,438  47%
  General and administrative.............  2,475  60%   4,016  42%   7,198  40%
  Depreciation and amortization..........    201   5%     281   3%   1,805  10%
                                          ------      -------      -------
    Total operating expenses.............  8,270 200%  12,777 134%  25,856 145%
                                          ------      -------      -------

Cost of Revenue

   Cost of revenue for our Hospital Systems includes cost of purchased
components, cost of contract manufacturing, labor for assembly and
installation, and overhead. Although a number of the components used in our
Hospital Systems are readily available, some of these components are
specifically manufactured for us. Due to the significant investment in capital
equipment that would be necessary to manufacture these items in-house and the
relatively low volumes we require, we have chosen to utilize contract-
manufacturing firms to manufacture these components. We generally purchase
these components under contracts that provide for fixed unit costs with
incentives for process and design improvements that result in future
manufacturing cost savings.

   Cost of revenue for our Physician Systems includes costs associated with
building, maintaining, installing and upgrading our physician applications and
data centers and purchased hardware.

   For the year ended December 31, 2000, the combined cost of revenues for our
Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $3.6 million to $7.7
million, or approximately 114% over the year ended December 31, 1999, and
increased as a percentage of total revenues from approximately 38% to
approximately 43%. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily attributable
to additional expenses for companies acquired during the year. As we continue
to experience increases in consumer adoption of our Physician Systems, we
expect costs of revenues to increase in connection with anticipated increases
in revenues.

   For the year ended December 31, 1999, the combined cost of revenues for our
Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $1.8 million to $3.6
million, or approximately 100.0%, over the year ended December 31, 1998, and
decreased as a percentage of total revenue from approximately 45% to
approximately 38%. The increase in costs of revenues in absolute dollars was
primarily as a result of increased revenue from the sales of our Hospital
Systems.

                                      E-28

Research and Development

   Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for
new application development, software application upgrades, and for
enhancements to and maintenance of our product offerings. These costs consist
primarily of personnel, travel and contract engineering services. We believe
research and development costs will continue to increase in absolute dollars as
we expand our product offerings.

   For the year ended December 31, 2000, combined research and development
expenses for our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $2.4
million to $5.6 million, or approximately 133% over the year ended December 31,
1999. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to
the inclusion of related costs from companies acquired during 2000, as well as
an increase in the number of technical employees required to support additional
growth of our products and services.

   For the year ended December 31, 1999, combined research and development
expenses for our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $2.1
million to $2.4 million, or approximately 14% over the year ended December 31,
1998. The $0.3 million increase in research and development expenses for the
year ended 1999 was a result of our continued developmental focus on our
Hospital Systems.

Sales and Marketing

   Sales and marketing expenses include costs to acquire and retain users of
our products, the operating expenses associated with our company-wide ongoing
sales and marketing efforts, and other general marketing costs to support our
multiple products and services. Typical expenses consist of personnel, sales
commissions, trade show and advertising expenses, telecommunications costs and
consulting fees. We believe sales and marketing expenses will modestly decline
in connection with the change in our Hospital Systems business model to a
third-party distribution model. However, we our obligated to comply with
various co-marketing agreements in both our Hospital Systems and Physician
Systems business segments.

   For the year ended December 31, 2000, combined sales and marketing expenses
for our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $4.3 million
to $8.4 million, or approximately 95% over the year ended December 31, 1999,
and increased from approximately 45% to approximately 47% as a percentage of
total revenues. The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2000 was primarily due to the addition of costs from companies
acquired during 2000, sales commissions related to Hospital Systems volume
increases, and advertising and promotion costs associated with our Physician
Systems brand-building and marketing strategy initiatives.

   For the year ended December 31, 1999, combined sales and marketing expenses
for our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $3.5 million
to $4.3 million, or approximately 23% over the year ended 1998, and decreased
as a percentage of total revenues from approximately 60% to approximately 42%.
Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 1999 increased
primarily from costs related to additional direct and indirect workforce
requirement to promote and launch new products and an increase in trade shows
appearances and public relations and advertising efforts in support of our
products and services.

General and Administrative

   General and administrative expenses consist primarily of costs related to
the finance, administrative and other personnel functions necessary to support
our business and our strategic initiatives. We believe general and
administrative expenses will continue to increase slightly as we expand staff
and incur expenses associated with being a public company.

   For the year ended December 31, 2000, combined general and administrative
expenses for our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from $4.0
million to $7.2 million, or approximately 80% over the year ended December 31,
1999. The increase in general and administrative costs primarily resulted from
the addition of expenses from companies acquired during 2000, as well as
increases in fees for director and officer

                                      E-29

liability insurance, investor relations programs, professional accounting,
finance, and legal services associated with compliance with public reporting
requirements and other strategic initiatives.

   For the year ended December 31, 1999, combined general and administrative
expenses for our Hospital Systems and our Physician Systems increased from
$2.5 million to $4.0 million, or approximately 60% over the year ended
December 31, 1998. The increase in general and administrative costs for the
year ended December 31, 1999 resulted from the addition of administrative
personnel and the use of contractors to support the growth of our business and
increases in salary and bonuses for existing personnel.

Depreciation and Amortization

   Combined depreciation and amortization expense for our Hospital Systems and
our Physician Systems increased to $1.8 million for the year ended December
31, 2000 compared to $0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 and
$0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1998. The increase during 2000
resulted primarily of goodwill amortization from the Elixis and Paceart
acquisitions, completed in April and September 2000, respectively.

Interest Income (Expense), Net

   For the year ended December 31, 2000, interest income (expense), net
increased from $0.04 million to $1.7 million over the year ended December 31,
1999 from the increase in investment income from cash equivalents and short-
term investments purchased with proceeds of our initial public offering.
Interest income (expense), net decreased from $0.2 million in 1998 to $0.04
million in 1999. The decrease from 1998 to 1999 in interest income (expense),
net is primarily attributable to a decrease in interest earned on cash and
cash equivalents and short-term investments from issuance of preferred stock
in 1998 used in operations through 1999 until our initial public offering in
November 1999.

Provision for Income Taxes

   Due to our history of net operating losses, we currently pay no federal or
state income tax. As of December 31, 2000, we had approximately $10.5 million
of net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes, which
expire beginning in 2008, and approximately $0.5 million of research and
experimentation credits. Federal and state law restrictions, including those
related to ownership changes in our voting stock, as defined in the Internal
Revenue Code, will limit our ability to use these net operating losses to
offset future income tax obligations in any one year.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   The following table calculates the net operating loss before depreciation
and amortization (in thousands):

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                  ---------------------------
                                                    1998     1999      2000
                                                  --------  -------  --------

   Net operating loss............................  $(5,974) $(6,851) $(15,676)
   Depreciation and amortization.................      201      281     1,805
                                                  --------  -------  --------
   Net operating loss before depreciation and
    amortization.................................  $(5,773) $(6,570) $(13,871)
                                                  ========  =======  ========

   The following table and related discussion highlights our cash flows for
the year ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 (in thousands):

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                  ---------------------------
                                                    1998     1999      2000
                                                  --------  -------  --------

   Net cash used in operating activities......... $ (5,341) $(4,299)  $(8,045)
   Net cash used in investing activities.........     (394)  (2,236)  (11,693)
   Net cash provided by financing activities.....    7,923   37,458     5,710

                                     E-30

   As of December 31, 2000, we had $19.9 million of cash and cash equivalents,
down from $34.0 million at December 31, 1999. As of December 31, 1998 we had
cash and cash equivalents of $3.1 million. As of December 31, 2000, our
principal commitments consisted of obligations outstanding under capital and
operating leases. Since inception, we have satisfied our liquidity needs
primarily from the net proceeds of approximately $64.7 million generated
through private and public sales of common and preferred stock and, to a lesser
extent, from bank borrowings and advance deposits received from customers on
open orders.

   Net cash used in operating activities was $8.0 million in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2000, $4.3 million in 1999 and $5.3 million in 1998. Net
cash used in operating activities for each of these periods primarily consisted
of net losses as well as increases in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and
inventories partially offset by increases in accounts payable and other current
liabilities, net deferred revenue and depreciation and amortization. Working
capital decreased to $17.9 million at December 31, 2000 from $33.1 million at
December 31, 1999, primarily due to $11.7 million used in investing activities
and net losses from operating activities, offset somewhat by proceeds of $10.0
million from issuance of common stock. Working capital increased to $33.1
million at December 31, 1999 from $2.3 million at December 31, 1998, primarily
due to net proceeds of $36.5 million received from the sale of our common
stock, offset by net losses from operating activities.

   Net cash used in investing activities was $11.7 million in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2000, $2.2 million in 1999 and $0.04 million in 1998. Net
cash used in investing activities in the twelve months ended December 31, 2000
consisted of $6.0 million used for our acquisition of Paceart, $3.1 used for
our investment in PocketScript, Inc, $1.7 million for purchases of equipment
and $0.8 million for loans and other assets. In 1999, $1.5 million was used for
our acquisition of the assets of Physix and $584,000 for purchases of equipment
and systems, while 1998 primarily consisted of purchases of equipment and
systems, including computer equipment.

   Net cash provided by financing activities was $5.7 million for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2000, $37.5 million in 1999 and $7.9 million in 1998.
Net cash provided by financing activities during 2000 included proceeds of
$10.1 million from the issuance of common stock, principally to Aether, offset
by $2.0 million used to purchase treasury stock and $2.4 million used for
payment on notes payable and lines of credit. Net cash provided by financing
activities during 1999 consisted of net proceeds of $36.5 million from the sale
of our common stock and net proceeds of $2.2 million issuance of notes payable
and lines of credit, partially offset by $1.2 million in notes payable and
lines of credit repayments. Net cash provided by financing activities during
1998 was primarily due to the issuance of $539,000 of convertible notes, net
proceeds of $7.0 million from the issuance of preferred stock, and proceeds
from the issuance of $450,000 of debt obligations.

   From January 1, 1998 through December 31, 2000, we have invested a total of
approximately $2.7 million in fixed assets, consisting primarily of computer
equipment, software, production test and demonstration equipment, leasehold
improvements and office furniture. We expect to spend an additional $400,000
over the next 12 months for additional fixed assets, principally for computer
equipment and software.

   Our common stock price is near its historical low. As a result, our stock
options have become a less attractive element of compensation. Cash payments
may become a greater percentage of compensation, which would affect our
liquidity.

   In November 2000, we initiated a stock repurchase program. We have
repurchased approximately 5% of our outstanding stock at an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $2.1 million. We may continue to make repurchases
pursuant to the program, which would affect our liquidity and earnings per
share.

   We currently anticipate that we will continue to experience growth in our
operating expenses as we enter new markets for our products and services,
increase our marketing activities, increase our research and development
spending, develop new distribution channels, expand our infrastructure, and
improve our operational and financial systems. These operating expenses will
consume a significant amount of our cash

                                      E-31

resources. Management believes that our current cash balances, our net proceeds
from financing activities during 2000 and our anticipated revenue growth will
be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and
capital expenditures throughout 2001. However, any projections of future cash
needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. Factors that may
affect our future liquidity requirements include, among others, our decreased
stock option value and purchases made pursuant to our stock repurchase program.
In addition, some of our investments may decline in value, which might impact
our liquidity requirements or cause us to issue additional equity or debt
securities. If current cash and cash that may be generated from future
operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may need
to seek additional funds through public or private equity financing, or from
other sources, including the sale of certain of our assets. However, there is
no certainty that we may be able to obtain adequate or favorable financing, and
any financing we obtain may dilute the ownership interest of our shareholders
prior to the financing. In addition, we may, from time to time, consider the
acquisition of, or investment in, complementary businesses, products, services
and technologies, which might impact our liquidity requirements or cause us to
issue additional equity or debt securities.

   Another factor that may affect our revenue and our revenue growth is our
reliance on third parties for sales of our product. We expect to derive a
substantial portion of our revenue in 2001 from our new agreements with
Medtronic Physio-Control and Agilent. If either of these parties fail to
perform as expected, our revenue will decrease and our cash flow will be
negatively affected. In such event, we may be required to drastically reduce
our planned capital expenditures, such as for research and development, sell
some or all of our assets, or cease doing business.

Lines of Credit; Notes Payable

   We have two standby letters of credit of approximately $170,000 each,
secured by certificates of deposit. As of December 31, 2000, no outstanding
borrowings against these lines of credit exist. The instruments were issued to
provide collateral for our Bothell facility lease. These certificates
automatically renew annually in March and December for as long as the letters
of credit are in place and we maintain adequate cash reserves for
collateralization.

   We have a lease line of credit for up to $1.0 million, comprised of $800,000
to finance equipment and $200,000 to finance equipment, leasehold improvements
and software. Advances under the lease line are no longer available. Each
advance was payable over 36 months in equal installments. We had outstanding
borrowings of $161,000 and $100,000 as of December 31, 1999 and 2000,
respectively. As part of this lease line, the lender received a warrant to
purchase 12,500 shares of Series D preferred stock at an exercise price of
$4.00 per share. This warrant, which became exercisable for 12,500 shares of
our common stock upon completion of our initial public offering, expires upon
the earlier of April 27, 2006 or five years after our initial public offering.

   In April 1999, we established a subordinated debt facility totaling $1.5
million. The six-month lending term expired in October 1999. Loans made under
this debt facility were secured by substantially all of our assets,
subordinated to commercial bank loans. Advances under this debt facility were
limited to $500,000 or more per advance. 11.0% interest-only payments were
payable for the first 12 months followed by 24 months of interest plus equal
monthly principal payments. As of December 31, 1999, $987,000 was outstanding
under this debt facility. This entire outstanding balance was repaid in January
2000. In connection with this debt facility, the lender received an option to
purchase up to 105,000 shares of Series D preferred stock at a purchase price
of $5.00 per share. The lender exercised this option in full on October 25,
1999.

   Additionally in April 1999, we established a non-cancelable statutory
finance lease facility totaling $214,000. The finance lease agreements were
funded in three installments from April to August 1999 and were secured by the
leased property. The leases are payable in 36 equal installments plus 16.6%
interest on the declining balances. We had outstanding borrowings of $179,000
and $114,000 as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

                                      E-32

   Although it is difficult for us to predict future liquidity requirements
with certainty, we believe that the net proceeds from our initial public
offering, together with our existing liquidity sources and anticipated funds
from operations, will satisfy our cash requirements for at least the next 12
months. Thereafter, we may require additional funds to support our working
capital requirements or for other purposes and may seek additional funds
through public or private equity or debt financings or from other sources.
There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us or
that, if available, the financing will be available on terms favorable to us
and our stockholders.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   We encourage you to read the consolidated financial statements included in
this annual report on Form 10-K.

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. SFAS No. 133 establishes methods
of accounting for derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
related to those instruments as well as other hedging activities. In June 1999,
the FASB issued Statement No. 137, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities--Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133.
Statement No. 137 defers the effective date of Statement No. 133 for one year.
Statement No. 133 is now effective for all fiscal quarters of all fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2000. Because we currently hold no material derivative
financial instruments and do not currently engage in hedging activities,
adoption of SFAS No. 133 is expected to have no material impact on our
financial condition or results of operations.

   In December 1999, SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin: No. 101--"Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements" (SAB 101) was issued. This pronouncement
summarizes certain of the SEC Staff's views on applying generally accepted
accounting principles to revenue recognition. We are required to adopt SAB 101
for the year ended December 31, 2000. We believe our practices are in
conformity with this guidance.

   In March 2000, FASB released FASB interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for
Certain Transactions involving Stock Compensation, an interpretation of APB
Opinion No. 25," which provides clarification of Opinion 25 for certain issues
such as the determination of an employee, the criteria for determining whether
a plan qualifies as a non compensatory plan and the accounting consequences of
various modifications of the terms of a previously fixed stock option or award.
We believe that our practices are in conformity with this guidance, and
therefore interpretation No. 44 will have no impact on our financial
statements.

   In March 2000, the EITF reached a consensus on EITF Issue 00-3. This
consensus indicates that a software element covered by AICPA SOP 97-2 is only
present in a software hosting arrangement if the customer has the contractual
right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period
without significant penalty and it is feasible for the customer to either run
the software on its own hardware or contract with another party unrelated to
the vendor to host the software. Therefore, SOP 97-2 only applies to hosting
arrangements in which the customer has such an option. Arrangements that do not
give the customer such an option are service contracts and are outside the
scope of SOP 97-2. The Task Force observed that hosting arrangements that are
service arrangements may include multiple elements that affect how revenue
should be attributed. We recognize revenue related to software hosting as
service is provided, therefore this consensus is not expected to have any
material effect on our results of operations or our financial position.

Factors That May Affect Our Business, Our Results of Operations and Our Stock
Price

 We have incurred losses since inception and may never be profitable, which
 could result in a decline in the value of our common stock and a loss of your
 investment.

   We expect to continue to incur operating losses for at least the next 12 to
18 months, and possibly longer. We experienced net losses of $8.6 million from
inception through December 31, 1997, $5.8 million in 1998,

                                      E-33

$6.8 million in 1999 and an additional $13.9 million in 2000. As of December
31, 2000, our accumulated deficit was approximately $39.0 million. We
anticipate incurring significant marketing, product development and general
and administrative expenses and, as a result, we will need to generate
significantly higher revenue to achieve and sustain profitability. We may
never earn profits and, if we do become profitable, we may be unable to
sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. As a result,
the market price of our stock may decrease.

 Our inability to maintain or expand sales of StatView or our other Hospital
 Systems will reduce our revenue.

   During 1998 and 1999, all of our revenue was derived from sales of our
Hospital Systems, a substantial portion of which were attributable to sales of
StatView. During 2000, approximately 90% of our total revenue was derived from
sales of our Hospital Systems and approximately 76% of our total revenue was
attributable to sales of StatView. We expect our Hospital Systems will
continue to represent a substantial portion of our total revenue for at least
the next 18 to 24 months. Any factors that reduce the pricing of, demand for
or market acceptance of our Hospital Systems or StatView, including
competition or technological change, could significantly reduce our revenue
and harm our business.

 Our business may fail if Medtronic Physio-Control or Agilent do not
 successfully perform their agreements with us.

   By entering into our distribution agreement with Medtronic Physio-Control
and our new license agreement with Agilent, we now rely on these two companies
for sales and installations of most of our Hospital Systems. Prior to this
change, direct sales of our three key products--StatView, AlarmView and
FlexView--accounted for the majority of the total sales of our Hospital
Systems. These sales equalled 68% of total sales for 2000. Consistent with our
new distribution model, we transferred substantially our entire Hospital
Systems sales and installation force to Medtronic Physio-Control.

   Pursuant to our agreement with Medtronic Physio-Control, Medtronic Physio-
Control has agreed to:

  .  integrate our old Hospital System sales force with Medtronic Physio-
     Control's existing sales force;

  .  train the existing Medtronic Physio-Control sales force to sell our
     Hospital Systems, including StatView, AlarmView and FlexView;

  .  market and distribute our products, including StatView, AlarmView and
     FlexView;

  .  include our products in international sales and marketing programs;

  .  include our products in Medtronic Physio-Control's national accounts
     contracts, which provide access to large, national hospital chains;

  .  include our products in the global healthcare exchange, an on-line
     marketplace for medical devices and healthcare products;

  .  provide installation and field services for our Hospital Systems; and

  .  meet minimum sales and end-user distribution levels.

   If Medtronic Physio-Control and Agilent do not successfully perform, we
will need to rebuild our direct sales and installation forces or find a new
distributor to sell our products. If we are unsuccessful finding alternate
means to distribute our products, our business may fail.

 Because our existing capital resources may be insufficient to fund our
 product and business development efforts, we may have to curtail or cease
 operations.

   Although we expect that our current cash resources are sufficient to meet
our planned capital requirements for at least the next 12 months, we may need
to raise additional capital sooner than presently anticipated to:

  .  support expansion;

                                     E-34

  .  develop new or enhanced systems;

  .  respond to competitive pressures;

  .  acquire complementary businesses or technologies; or

  .  take advantage of other unanticipated opportunities.

   If cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy our working
capital and capital expenditure requirements, we may be required to sell
additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities.
Additional capital, if needed, may be unavailable on satisfactory terms, or not
at all. Our failure to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed
would require us to scale back our operations, reduce our work force and sell
or license to others technology we would otherwise seek to develop or
commercialize ourselves. Our inability to raise adequate additional capital in
a timely manner could force us to forgo business opportunities, curtail our
development or even cease operations.

 Our competing methods of distributing our Hospital Systems may cause conflicts
 among our partners and distributors and confusion of the end-user, resulting
 in harm to our business.

   Our Hospital Products are distributed both through our distribution partners
and our OEM partners. In some cases these two channels are competing for sales
to the same end customers. These conflicts can potentially result in disputes
between our partners, disputes between us and our partners and confusion of the
end customer. Failure to manage these issues adequately could cause substantial
harm to our distribution process and reduce our revenues.

 If Agilent or Medtronic Physio-Control fail to distribute our products to
 their customers, we could receive reduced minimum payment guaranties or our
 relationships with those companies could end, resulting in significant harm to
 our business.

   Under their agreements with us, Medtronic Physio-Control and Agilent
guaranty us minimum quarterly revenues. If either company fails to meet those
minimums through sales to its customers in any quarter, it is obligated to meet
its minimums by purchasing product from us for its own account.

   Under our license agreement with Agilent, we have agreed to the amount of
the minimums for each quarter of 2001 and 2002. The parties have agreed to
renegotiate minimums annually thereafter. If the parties fail to agree on
minimums for any subsequent period, the license arrangement may cease to be
exclusive and the guarantied payment obligation will be terminated.

   Under the Medtronic Physio-Control distribution agreement, the guarantied
obligations are renegotiated annually for periods after 2001 to levels
reflective of actual historical sales by Medtronic Physio-Control to its
customers. The Medtronic Physio-Control agreement allows us to terminate the
agreement in the event that Medtronic Physio-Control fails to sell a specified
percentage of its minimum sales obligations to its customers in two consecutive
quarters. This minimum end-user distribution percentage target was not met in
the first quarter of 2001.

   Pursuant to these agreements, the minimum payment obligations of Agilent and
Medtronic Physio-Control may be reduced or, in the case of Medtronic Physio-
Control, the agreement terminated. If this happens and we are unable to find an
alternate means to distribute our products and services, our business will be
substantially harmed.

 If our relationships with our strategic corporate partners are not successful,
 our business will be harmed.

   We are dependent upon several of our partners for key functions, such as
sales and distribution of our products. Our key distribution partners, such as
Medtronic Physio-Control, Agilent, Edwards Lifesciences and

                                      E-35

Tyco have substantially more resources than we do. In most cases, we are more
dependent on these relationships than are our partners. Because of these
disparities, we may be:

  .  unable to fully enforce our rights under our agreement with our
     partners;

  .  forced to renegotiate key terms of our agreements, such as pricing and
     minimum sales requirements; and

  .  unable to replace services provided to us by our corporate partners if
     these relationships fail.

   If we are unable to successfully manage our relationships with our corporate
partners, our business will be unsuccessful.

 Our quarterly financial results are likely to fluctuate and are a poor
 indication of our future performance.

   Our revenue in any quarter depends significantly on the timing of systems
shipped and installations completed. Any unexpected delays or cancellations of
shipments or installations at the end of a quarter could substantially reduce
revenue in that quarter, hurt our revenue and impair our business in future
periods. Because we do not know when, or if, our potential customers will place
orders, finalize contracts and permit installation, we cannot accurately
predict revenue and profitability for future quarters. In addition, the mix of
sales between distribution channels will have a significant impact on quarterly
and annual revenue and profitability because we receive higher revenue and
gross margin on direct sales, including those made through our alliances with
strategic partners, than we do on original equipment manufacturer sales.

   Because the market for our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems are new
and evolving, it is very difficult to predict future financial results. We plan
to significantly increase our marketing, research and development and general
and administrative expenses in 2001. Our expenses are partially based on our
expectations regarding future revenues, and are largely fixed in nature,
particularly in the short term. As a result, if our revenues in a period do not
meet our expectations, our stock price will likely suffer.

   As a result of our distribution alliances with Medtronic Physio-Control and
Agilent, and the significant role each company plays in the distribution of our
product, our quarterly financial results are likely to fluctuate based on the
performance by these companies in their sales of our products.

   We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial statements
are not meaningful. It is likely that in future quarters our revenue and
earnings may be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors
and, as a result, the price of our common stock may fall. Our revenue and
earnings have varied in the past, and we expect that they will continue to vary
significantly from quarter to quarter.

 Our business will be unsuccessful if our technology and products are rejected
 by the marketplace.

   Our Hospital Systems' success depends upon hospitals accepting our products.
The marketplace may reject our Hospital Systems' methods of wirelessly
transmitting time-critical patient data through networked or non-networked
monitoring equipment. The wireless transmission of time-critical patient data
is new to the marketplace. The marketplace may be reluctant to use our
information delivery systems because of negative assumptions or perceptions
regarding the reliability, accuracy, security and safety of transmitting
complex and time-critical patient data over wireless devices. If we are unable
to create or maintain a market for our products, our business will fail.

   Additionally, acceptance of our Physician and Hospital Systems, such as
those developed by our Paceart division, requires a fundamental change in the
way personal medical information is communicated and managed by doctors and
patients. Patients may be unwilling to store personal medical information on
our Internet databases. Physicians may be unwilling to administer healthcare
remotely or to integrate our products into their daily office workflow. The
marketplace may reject the use of the Internet or wireless technology to
transmit personal or sensitive patient information. If this happens, our
business may suffer.

                                      E-36

   We believe the acceptance of our products is dependent on increased
visibility of our products throughout the market. Our business will fail if we
fail to distribute our products sufficiently to facilitate market acceptance
and validate our technology.

 We are dependent on third party single-source and limited-source suppliers
 for necessary components for our Hospital Systems which could impede our
 ability to supply product and harm our revenue and business.

   We use third party suppliers and manufacturers to purchase necessary
components and to manufacture and test key parts of our Hospital Systems,
including the StatView receiver and the AlarmView transmitter. Certain
components, including the bitmap display, are presently only available from a
single source. Other parts and components that we rely on are available from
limited sources. Because our choice of suppliers is limited, we may be unable
to obtain key components in sufficient quantities, if at all, or at
commercially reasonable prices. If this happens, then:

  .  our manufacturing costs could increase;

  .  our delivery of finished product could be delayed;

  .  customers could delay payment or cancel orders;

  .  our production process could become economically unfeasible; and

  .  our revenues could decline.

 Our business will be harmed if we are unable to keep pace with technological
 innovation in our industry.

   The industries in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological
change, changes in end user preferences and the emergence of new industry
standards and practices that could render our existing systems and proprietary
technology obsolete. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue
to enhance our existing systems and to develop new systems that meet the
changing needs of our customers. If we are unable to develop and introduce in
a timely manner new and enhanced systems that incorporate the latest
developments in medical equipment and wireless communications technologies,
our sales will be harmed. The pace of change in information-dependent markets,
such as the healthcare industry, is rapid and there are frequent new product
introductions and evolving industry standards. We may be unsuccessful in
responding to technological developments and changing customer needs. In
addition, our systems may become obsolete due to the adoption of new
technologies or standards by our customers or competitors. We have experienced
development delays in the past and may experience similar or more significant
delays in the future. Difficulties in system development could materially
delay or even prevent the successful introduction or marketing of new or
enhanced systems could substantially harm our business. Our inability to
successfully develop, introduce and market new or enhanced products or
services may harm business.

 If we are unable to successfully integrate the companies and businesses that
 we have acquired or may in the future acquire, our business may suffer.

   We acquired the businesses of Physix in 1999, Elixis and Paceart in 2000,
and in March 2001 agreed to acquire VitalCom. We may make additional
acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions entail numerous risks, including:

  .  integration of the operations, products, management and employees of the
     companies involved;

  .  retention of key employees;

  .  diversion of our management's attention; and

  .  uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships the
     acquired entities have established.

                                     E-37

   In addition, if we undertake future acquisitions, we may issue dilutive
securities, assume or incur additional debt obligations, incur large one-time
expenses, and acquire intangible assets that would result in significant
future expense. Also, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, is
contemplating the elimination of pooling of interests accounting for
acquisitions and has voted to eliminate the immediate write-off of acquired
in-process research and development. The effect of these changes would be to
increase the portion of the purchase price for any future acquisitions that
must be charged to our cost of revenues and operating expenses in the periods
following any such acquisitions. Any of these events could substantially harm
our business.

 Our investments in other companies may decline in value, which would
 negatively impact our earnings and liquidity.

   We have in the past, and may in the future, make investments in other
companies in the e-commerce healthcare market. The value of those investments
may decline. If this happens, we could be required to write off some or all of
those investments, and our earnings and liquidity would suffer.

 Our infrastructure may be unable to keep pace with, and as a result hinder,
 our growth.

   We have rapidly and significantly expanded our operations and expect this
expansion to continue. Our revenue grew from $471,000 in 1997, to $4.1 million
in 1998, to $9.5 million in 1999 to $17.8 million in 2000. Upon stockholder
approval, our agreement to acquire VitalCom will result in significant
expenses arising out of the integration of VitalCom into our company and
operations. We expect to face increasing daily operational challenges as our
business continues to grow, and we may fail to properly manage our growth and,
as a result, could face substantially reduced revenue, and earnings.

 Our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems businesses may not be able to
 effectively compete in their respective markets, which would harm our growth
 and revenues.

   Our Hospital Systems business faces competition from a number of companies,
including SpaceLabs Medical, Inc. Many other companies selling products using
traditional methods of patient monitoring, including direct patient oversight
and monitoring through wired systems and voice communications, are well
positioned to compete with our Hospital Systems business. If these companies
enter our market, we may be unable to effectively compete and our growth and
revenues may suffer.

   In addition, the Internet healthcare industry in which our Physician
Systems business competes is intensely competitive and subject to
fragmentation, high growth and rapid technological change. We may face
significant competition from traditional healthcare information system vendors
and Internet healthcare companies as they expand their product offerings. Many
of these companies have significantly greater financial resources, well-
established brand names and large installed customer bases. We may be unable
to compete successfully against these organizations and our growth and
revenues may suffer. Furthermore, the physician market is extremely difficult
to access or to obtain significant market share. As a result, we are uncertain
of the prospects of success of our Physician Systems, particularly our
unwiredDr product line.

   Many of our potential competitors have longer operating histories,
significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources,
better name recognition and a larger installed base of customers. Many of our
potential competitors may also have well-established relationships with our
existing and prospective customers. Due to these and other advantages, our
potential competitors may develop products comparable or superior to our
systems or adapt more quickly to new technologies, evolving industry
standards, new product introductions or changing customer requirements. In
addition, there is the possibility that one or more of our strategic partners
or other medical equipment manufacturers may decide to develop products that
directly compete with our systems. We also expect that competition will
increase as a result of medical equipment, wireless and software industry
consolidation. Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions,
reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any one of which could cause
our revenues to decline.

                                     E-38

 Failure to continue to expand and adapt our network infrastructure to
 accommodate increased use by our customers could make it difficult to
 successfully implement our Physician Systems business model and could harm
 our business.

   To successfully implement our Physician Systems business model, we must
continue to expand and adapt our network infrastructure to accommodate
additional users, increased transaction volumes and changing customer
requirements. Our infrastructure may not accommodate increased use while
maintaining acceptable overall performance. To date, we have processed a
limited number and variety of Internet-based transactions. In addition, our
Physician Systems have only been used by a limited number of physicians and
healthcare consumers. An unexpectedly large increase in the volume or pace of
traffic on our web site, the number of physicians using our Physician Systems
or our other Internet-based products and services, or orders placed by
customers may require us to expand and further upgrade our technology. Failure
to expand or upgrade this technology could result in poor product performance,
customer dissatisfaction and limitations on growth of the business, which
could harm revenues and our business.

 If we lose members of our senior management team, or if we do not timely hire
 a permanent chief executive officer, we may be unable to successfully manage
 our business or achieve our objectives.

   Our success will depend significantly on the continued contributions of our
senior management team, many of whom would be difficult to replace. In
particular, we believe that our future success depends on Jeffrey Brown,
chairman of the board; Dr. David Albert, chief scientist and chairman emeritus
of the board; and Michael Singer, executive vice president of corporate
development and chief financial officer.

   We currently have a new, interim chief executive officer who has held that
position since February 2001. We are currently conducting a search for a
permanent Chief Executive Officer. Our search may be hindered by a number of
factors outside our control, including limitations on the number of qualified
candidates, hiring competition from similarly-situated companies and/or the
unwillingness of qualified candidates to relocate near our business
headquarters. If we do not hire a permanent Chief Executive Officer in a
timely manner, or are unable to find a qualified candidate, we may be unable
to manage our business successfully or otherwise achieve our objectives, which
would harm our business.

 We may not be able to hire and retain the personnel necessary to support our
 expanding business, which could threaten our future growth.

   We believe our future success will depend in large part on our ability to
identify, attract and retain engineering, marketing, and customer service and
support personnel. Because of the complexity of our systems and technologies,
we need to retain and hire engineers with high levels of experience in
designing complex systems like ours. In addition, although we have recently
entered into a strategic distribution alliance with an intent to enhance our
product distribution capabilities, we may need to nevertheless substantially
expand our sales operations and marketing efforts, both domestically and
internationally, in order to increase market awareness and sales of our
systems. Our systems require a sophisticated sales effort targeted at several
people within the information technology departments of our prospective
customers. Furthermore, we will need to increase our customer service and
support organization to support new customers and the expanding needs of
existing customers.

   There are a limited number of people with the necessary technical skills we
require. We have to compete with many other companies for these personnel, and
we cannot assure you that we will be able to hire and retain them in
sufficient numbers. Failure to hire and retain the personnel necessary to
support our expanding business could threaten our future growth and harm our
business.

 Our patents and proprietary technology may not provide us with any benefit
 and the patents of others may prevent us from commercializing our products
 which could harm our business.

   Our ability to compete effectively will depend in part on our ability to
develop, maintain and/or license proprietary aspects of our technology, and to
operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Our

                                     E-39

patents may not adequately protect our technology from the competing use of
others. In addition, patent applications we file may not result in the issuance
of any patents.

   Our products may incorporate technologies that are the subject of patents
issued to, or patent applications filed by, others. We have obtained licenses
for some technologies and may negotiate to obtain other licenses for
technologies patented by others. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses
for technology patented by others on commercially reasonable terms, or at all,
or develop alternative technology. Our current and future proprietary
technology and licenses of technology may not be adequate for the operation of
our business. The failure to obtain necessary patents and licenses or to
identify and implement alternative approaches would prevent us from
commercializing some of our products under development and would substantially
harm our business.

 Litigation or enforcement of claims of intellectual property infringement
 could require us to spend substantial amounts of money and could impair our
 operations.

   We may become subject to infringement claims and litigation or interference
proceedings to determine the right to use, sell or license intellectual
property rights. We have received correspondence from other parties asserting
ownership of intellectual property which is or may be incorporated in our
products and products under development. In addition, we have notified other
parties of the existence of patents or trademarks owned or licensed by us that
we believe may cover intellectual property which is or may be incorporated in
such parties' products. Some of this correspondence has included offers to
negotiate the licensing of the intellectual property. These matters may result
in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope, and validity of the
intellectual property. Litigation, if initiated and successful against us,
could seek to recover damages as a result of any sales of the products and to
enjoin further sales of such products, either of which could cause substantial
harm to our business.

   Litigation may result in significant expenses to us and significant
diversion of effort by our technical and management personnel, regardless of
the outcome. Litigation could result in our patent or trademark applications
not having priority over others' applications, or, if issued, our patents or
trademarks not offering protection against competitors with similar
intellectual property. Any patents or trademarks issued to us may be
challenged, invalidated or circumvented in the future and the rights created
thereunder may not provide a competitive advantage. The outcome of litigation
is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that a court would not
find the third-party claims valid and that we had no successful defense to such
claims. An adverse outcome in litigation or the failure to obtain a necessary
license could subject us to significant liability and could prevent us from
selling our products, which could have a significant adverse effect on our
business.

   We also rely upon trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing invention
to develop and maintain our competitive position. Others may independently
develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or
otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose such technology, and we
may be unable to protect our trade secrets or our rights to our trade secrets
which could have a significant adverse effect on us.

 If our existing licensing relationship with the licensor of key wireless
 technology is terminated, our potential revenues and business would be
 significantly reduced.

   We currently hold an exclusive license from a third-party licensor of key
wireless technology that allows us to manufacture and produce a significant
portion of our wireless monitoring and networking devices based on certain
portions of the licensor's patented technology. In exchange for this exclusive
license, we must pay royalties to the licensor for each device manufactured
incorporating the licensor's patented technology.

   Our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market our products
depends significantly on our ability to maintain our relationship and license
terms with this licensor. Our license agreement with this licensor may be
terminated early on short notice by the licensor under certain circumstances,
including the breach of a material term by us or a change in control of our
company that is materially adverse to the licensor. Additionally, if we fail to
pay royalty payments to this licensor or otherwise fail to perform our
obligations

                                      E-40

under our license agreement, the licensor can terminate the license. If the
licensor were to terminate its agreement with us, we would have limited means
to commercialize our products and our revenues would be significantly reduced.
The early termination of our license would harm our business and significantly
adversely impact our financial condition.

 Federal and state legislation and regulation affecting the healthcare industry
 could severely restrict our ability to operate our business and harm our
 revenues.

   We are subject to federal and state legislation and regulation affecting the
healthcare industry. The federal and state governments extensively regulate the
confidentiality and release of patient records. Additional legislation
governing the distribution of medical records and health information has been
proposed and, in some cases, enacted, at both the federal and state level. It
may be expensive to implement security or other measures designed to comply
with any new legislation. Moreover, we may be restricted or prevented from
delivering patient records or health information electronically.

   Other legislation currently being considered at the federal level could also
negatively affect our business. For example, the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 mandates the use of standard transactions and
identifiers, and prescribed security measures and other provisions to take
effect in 2003. Because we intend to market some of our services as meeting
these regulatory requirements, our success will also depend on other healthcare
participants complying with these regulations.

   A federal law commonly known as the Medicare/Medicaid anti-kickback law, and
several similar state laws, prohibit payments that are intended to induce
physicians or others to acquire, arrange for or recommend the acquisition of
healthcare products or services. Another federal law, commonly known as the
Stark law, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients
for designated health services to entities with which they have a financial
relationship, unless that relationship qualifies for an explicit exception to
the referral ban. The application and interpretation of these laws are complex
and difficult to predict and could constrain our financial and marketing
relationships.

   These laws and other existing or newly enacted laws and regulations
applicable to the healthcare industry could restrict our ability to operate our
business and harm our revenues.

 State restrictions on the practice of medicine may negatively affect our
 activities and reduce our revenues.

   The laws in some states prohibit some business entities, such as Data
Critical, from practicing medicine. This is commonly referred to as the
prohibition against the "corporate practice of medicine." These laws generally
prohibit us from employing physicians to practice medicine or from directly
furnishing medical care to patients. Each state requires licensure for the
practice of medicine within that state, and some states consider the receipt of
an electronic transmission of selected healthcare information in that state to
be the practice of medicine. Some states have similar prohibitions on corporate
practice and licensure requirements for other regulated healthcare professions
(for example, nurse practitioners or pharmacists). These laws restrict our
activities and the extent to which we can provide medical advice to consumers
and physicians. If challenged, our activities may not be found to be in
compliance with these laws. To the extent we expand internationally, we may
face similar restrictions on our activities outside the United States. These
laws and other existing or newly enacted laws and regulations applicable to the
healthcare industry could restrict our ability to operate our business and harm
our revenues.

 The Internet is subject to many legal uncertainties and potential government
 regulations that may decrease demand for our systems, increase our cost of
 doing business or otherwise substantially harm our revenues and business
 operations.

   Our Physician Systems business model is subject to evolving government
regulation of the Internet. Existing as well as new laws and regulations could
severely restrict our ability to operate our business. Any

                                      E-41

new law or regulation pertaining to the Internet, or the application or
interpretation of existing laws, could decrease demand for our Physician
Systems, increase our cost of doing business and substantially harm our
revenues and business operations.

   Laws and regulations may be adopted in the future that address Internet-
related issues, including online content, user privacy, pricing and quality of
products and services. For example, although it was held unconstitutional, in
part, the Communications Decency Act of 1996 prohibited the transmission over
the Internet of various types of information and content. In addition, several
telecommunications carriers are seeking to have telecommunications over the
Internet regulated by the Federal Communications Commission in the same manner
as other telecommunications services. Because the growing popularity and use of
the Internet has burdened the existing telecommunications infrastructure in
many areas, local exchange carriers have petitioned the FCC to regulate
Internet service providers in a manner similar to long distance telephone
carriers and to impose access fees on the Internet service providers.

   The United States or foreign nations may adopt legislation aimed at
protecting Internet users' privacy. This legislation could increase our cost of
doing business and negatively affect our financial results. For example, the
Federal Trade Commission began enforcing requirements under the Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act in April 2000. The act applies to the online
collection of personal information from children under 13, and imposes
significant compliance burdens and potential penalties on operators of web
sites that collect covered information. Similarly, European nations have
implemented a European Union Data Privacy Directive regulating the transmission
and storage of personal information and data. In addition, a number of
comprehensive legislative and regulatory privacy proposals are now under
consideration by federal, state and local governments in the United States. In
some cases, such as the European Directive, these comprehensive privacy
proposals include special rules that provide added protections for sensitive
information, including information about health and medical conditions.

   The applicability to the Internet of existing laws in various jurisdictions
governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and
personal privacy is also uncertain and may take years to resolve. Demand for
our Physician Systems may be negatively affected by additional regulation of
the Internet in these areas.

 Compliance with state and federal laws that protect individual health
 information may limit our plans to collect, use and disclose that information,
 restrict our growth and add substantial cost which could adversely impact our
 results of operations.

   If we fail to comply with current or future laws or regulations governing
the collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of patient health
information, this failure could have a substantial adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition.

   Consumers sometimes enter private health information about themselves or
their family members when using our services. Physicians or other healthcare
professionals who use our products will directly enter health information about
their patients, including information that constitutes a medical record under
applicable law, that we will store on our computer systems. Also, our systems
record use patterns when consumers access our databases that may reveal health-
related information or other private information about the user. Numerous
federal and state laws and regulations, the common law, and contractual
obligations govern collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of
patient-identifiable health information, including:

  .  state privacy and confidentiality laws;

  .  our contracts with customers and partners;

  .  state laws regulating healthcare professionals, such as physicians,
     pharmacists and nurse practitioners;

  .  Medicaid laws;

                                      E-42

  .  the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and
     related rules proposed by the Health Care Financing Administration; and

  .  Health Care Financing Administration standards for Internet transmission
     of health data.

   The U.S. Congress has considered proposed legislation that would establish a
new federal standard for protection and use of health information. In addition,
the laws of other countries also govern the use of and disclosure of health
information. Any failure by us or our personnel or partners to comply with any
of these legal and other requirements could result in material liability.
Although we have systems in place for safeguarding patient health information
from unauthorized disclosure, these systems may not preclude successful claims
against us for violation of applicable law or other requirements. Other third-
party sites or links that consumers access through our web sites also may not
maintain systems to safeguard this health information, or may circumvent
systems we put in place to protect the information from disclosure. In some
cases, we may place our content on computers that are under the physical
control of others, which may increase the risk of an inappropriate disclosure
of health information. For example, we currently contract out the hosting of
our websites to third parties. In addition, future laws or changes in current
laws may necessitate costly adaptations to our systems.

   In 2000, the Department of Health and Human Service finalized proposed
regulations at the federal level authorized under the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. These regulations, codified at 45
CFR (S)164.502(e), establish a new federal standard for privacy of health
information. These regulations, which will not be effective until two years
from finalization, may directly regulate some aspects of our business.
Achieving compliance with these regulations could cost us significant amounts
or delay or prevent implementation of our business model, and any noncompliance
by us could result in civil and criminal penalties. In addition, development of
related federal and state regulations and policies on confidentiality of health
information could restrict our activities, add substantial costs of compliance
and negatively affect our business.

   We intend to develop medical information systems and market research
services that we will use to collect, analyze and report aggregate medical
care, medical research, outcomes and financial data pertaining to items such as
prescribing patterns and usage habits. Some states have enacted legislation
regulating the aggregation of health information and the manipulation, use and
ownership of that aggregated data, even when this data does not reveal the
patient's identity. Because this area of the law is rapidly changing, our
collection, analysis and reporting of aggregate healthcare data maintained in
our database may not at all times and in all respects comply with laws or
regulations governing the ownership, collection and use of this data. Future
laws or changes in current laws governing the ownership, collection and use of
aggregate healthcare data may necessitate costly adaptations to our systems or
limit our ability to use this data which would cause substantial harm to the
results of our operations.

   Furthermore, we may expand sales of our systems to international markets. An
expansion would require us to comply with a wide variety of foreign laws and
practices, tariffs and other trade barriers. If we fail to obtain the necessary
regulatory approvals in foreign markets on a timely basis, our revenue could be
significantly reduced.

 We may experience substantial delays or difficulties in obtaining required
 governmental approvals which would hinder our ability to provide our existing
 systems or introduce future systems and could reduce our sales and stock
 price.

   As a manufacturer of wireless telecommunications systems, we are regulated
under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, the Telecommunications Act of
1996 and Federal Communications Commission regulations, as well as the
applicable laws and regulations of the various states administered by state
public service commissions. Regulatory requirements affecting our operations
may change. Any changes may hurt our business by hindering our ability to
compete with other wireless telecommunications product manufacturers, to
continue providing our existing systems or to introduce future systems or
system enhancements.

                                      E-43

   Most of our Hospital Systems are also considered medical devices and are
regulated by the FDA. Before we can market such products, we must obtain pre-
market notification clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act. In addition, changes to our systems may also require FDA
review and clearance prior to marketing or sale in the United States. The
process of obtaining 510(k) clearance can be expensive and time-consuming, and
may require the submission of extensive supporting data. If the 510(k) process
is extended for a considerable length of time for any of our new systems, the
commencement of commercial sales of our new systems will be delayed
substantially or indefinitely.

   Because we are a provider of healthcare related systems, extensive and
frequently changing federal regulations govern the licensing, conduct of
operations, and other aspects of our business. Federal certification and
licensing programs establish standards for day-to-day operation of our
research and manufacturing facilities. Regulatory agencies verify our
compliance with these standards through periodic inspections. Although we have
been found to be in compliance with all these standards to date, our
facilities may fail future inspections conducted to ensure compliance with
federal or any other applicable licensing or certification laws.

 FDA and FTC regulations on advertising and promotional activities may be
 burdensome and may negatively affect our ability to provide some applications
 or services, which could lead to higher than anticipated costs or lower than
 anticipated revenue.

   Complying with FDA and FTC regulations may be time consuming, burdensome
and expensive and could negatively affect our ability to continue providing
some of our internet systems, or to introduce new internet systems in a timely
manner. This may result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than
anticipated revenues.

   Any current or future regulatory requirements that the FDA or the FTC
impose on us or our advertisers and sponsors could harm us by:

  .  making it harder to persuade pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical
     device companies to advertise or promote their products on our web
     sites, or to sponsor programs that we offer to healthcare professionals
     and the public;

  .  restricting our ability to continue to provide some of our services or
     content, or to introduce new services or content in a timely manner; or

  .  making it more expensive and time-consuming to comply with new
     requirements.

   As a consequence of these harms, we might lose advertising or sponsorship
revenue, spend significant amounts of our limited resources on regulatory
experts in the area of FDA or FTC compliance, or receive adverse publicity
that negatively affects share value. In addition to existing FDA and FTC
regulation of advertising and promotion by pharmaceutical, biotechnology and
medical device companies, our business faces a potential risk of increased FDA
and FTC regulation of these activities in an online context.

 Changes in existing FDA regulatory requirements or policies, or our failure
 to comply with current or future requirements or adoption of new requirements
 could increase the cost of both our Hospital Systems and Physician Systems
 business models and cause our revenues to decline.

   We face potential FDA regulation of software that we develop for use with
our Hospital Systems and/or our Physician Systems. Some computer applications
and software are considered medical devices and are subject to regulation by
the FDA. To the extent that FDA regulations are applicable to any of our
software products and services, complying with those regulations will be time
consuming, burdensome and expensive and could delay or prevent introduction of
new software products or services.

   While the FDA's policies regarding the regulation of software are evolving,
based on the FDA's informal policy statements regarding the scope of its
regulation of stand-alone software, we do not believe that our current
Physician Systems are subject to FDA regulation as medical devices because
they do not meet the statutory definition of a device. However, the FDA may
take the view that some of our current or future

                                     E-44

Physician Systems do in fact meet the definition of a medical device and,
therefore, are subject to regulation, or the FDA may change its policies or
regulations with respect to regulation of software or Internet technologies.
Also, we may expand our Internet-based system offerings into areas that subject
us to FDA regulation. If the FDA finds that our software is subject to
regulation as a medical device, the applicable regulatory controls could
include both premarket and postmarket requirements which could be costly, time
consuming and could significantly harm revenues and our business.

 Political, economic and regulatory changes and consolidation in the healthcare
 industry could force us to make costly modifications to how we price and sell
 our systems which could substantially reduce revenues and negatively affect
 our business.

   The healthcare industry is highly regulated and is influenced by changing
political, economic and regulatory factors. These factors affect the purchasing
practices and operation of healthcare organizations. Changes in current
healthcare financing and reimbursement systems could cause us to make unplanned
modifications to our systems or result in delays or cancellations of orders.
Federal and state legislatures have periodically considered programs to reform
or amend the U.S. healthcare system at both the federal and state level. These
programs may contain proposals to increase governmental involvement in
healthcare, lower reimbursement rates or otherwise change the environment in
which healthcare industry participants operate. Healthcare industry
participants may respond by reducing or postponing investment decisions,
including investments in our systems. We do not know what effect these
proposals would have on our business. Many healthcare providers are
consolidating to create integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater
market power. These providers may try to use their market power to negotiate
price reductions for our systems. If we are forced to reduce our prices, our
revenues and earnings may be substantially harmed.

 Our activities may expose us to malpractice and other liability inherent in
 healthcare delivery which could substantially harm our business.

   We may be exposed to malpractice or other liability against which we may not
be adequately insured, resulting in a substantial harm to our business. Our
systems provide data for use by physicians, consumers and other healthcare
participants. This data may be obtained from our physician customers, strategic
partners, other third parties or, with patient consent, from the aggregation of
patient health records. Claims for injuries relating to the use of this data
may be made in the future. Also, patients who file lawsuits against doctors
often name as defendants all persons or companies with any relationship to the
doctors. As a result, patients may file lawsuits against us based on treatment
provided by physicians who use our systems. In addition, a court or government
agency may take the position that our delivery of health information directly,
including through licensed physicians, or delivery of information by a third-
party site that a consumer accesses through our web sites, exposes us to
malpractice or other personal injury liability for wrongful delivery of
healthcare services or erroneous health information. The amount of insurance we
maintain with insurance carriers may be insufficient to cover all of the losses
we might incur from these claims and legal actions. In addition, insurance for
some risks is difficult, impossible or too costly to obtain and, as a result,
we may be unable to purchase insurance for some types of risks.

 If our customers experience system defects, delays in transmission or security
 breaches with our systems, we could face damage to our business reputation and
 potential legal liability.

   Our customer satisfaction and our reputation could be harmed if we or our
customers experience any system defects, delays, failures or loss of data. We
depend on the efficient operation of wireless networks and the Internet for
communication. A major catastrophic event or other event beyond our control,
including a major security breach in the transmission of data on our systems or
a well-publicized compromise of Internet security, could cause loss of revenue
and market share, damage our reputation and result in liability to us. In
addition, our systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, programming
errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. Furthermore,
patient care could suffer and we could be liable if our systems fail to deliver
correct information in a timely manner. We have experienced defects in our
products in the past,

                                      E-45

including our StatView receivers which were the subject of a field action. We
may experience defects in the future. Our contracts attempt to limit our
liability arising from our errors; however, these provisions may not be
enforceable and may not protect us from future liability. While we have
general liability and product liability insurance, including coverage for
errors and omissions, we may be unable to maintain this insurance on
reasonable terms in the future. In addition, our insurance may be insufficient
to cover large claims, and our insurer could disclaim coverage on claims. If
we are liable for an uninsured or underinsured claim, or if our premiums
increase significantly, our growth, earnings and business could be
substantially harmed.

 We may have significant product liability exposure which could adversely
 affect the viability of our business.

   The testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices entails an
inherent risk of product liability claims. We have experienced defects in our
products in the past, including our StatView receivers which were the subject
of a field action. We may experience defects in the future. These defects
could potentially result in liability to us. Potential product liability
claims may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may be excluded from
coverage under the terms of the policy. Our existing insurance may not be
renewable at a cost and level of coverage comparable to that presently in
effect, or at all. In the event that we are held liable for a claim against
which we are not indemnified or for damages exceeding the limits of our
insurance coverage, that claim could exceed our total assets and could
adversely affect the viability of our business.

 Significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock could result
 in securities class action claims against us, which could seriously harm our
 business.

   The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be
volatile. The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies
in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that often has been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad
market and industry fluctuations may decrease the trading price of our common
stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and may make it
difficult for you to resell your shares at or above the price at which you
purchased it. Securities class action claims have been brought against
companies in the past where volatility of the market price of that company's
securities has taken place. This kind of litigation could be very costly and
could divert our management's attention and resources. Any negative
determination in this litigation could also subject us to significant
liabilities, any or all of which could seriously harm our cash position.

 State laws, our certificate of incorporation, our shareholder rights plan and
 certain provisions in our important contracts may inhibit potential
 acquisition bids that could be beneficial for stockholders.

   Delaware law and Washington law may inhibit potential acquisition
proposals. We are restricted by the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which regulates corporate acquisitions. Delaware law
prevents us from engaging in a business combination with any interested
stockholder for three years following the date that the stockholder became an
interested stockholder.

   For purposes of Delaware law, a business combination includes a merger or
consolidation or the sale of more than 10% of our assets. In general, Delaware
law defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially
owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation and any
entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or
person. Under Delaware law, a Delaware corporation may opt out of the
antitakeover provisions. We do not intend to opt out of these antitakeover
provisions of Delaware law. The laws of Washington, where our principal
executive offices are located, also impose restrictions on some transactions
between foreign corporations and significant stockholders. Chapter 23B.19 of
the Washington Business Corporation Act prohibits a target corporation, with
exceptions, from engaging in significant business transactions with an
acquiring person for a period of five years after the acquisition, unless the
transaction or acquisition of the shares is approved by a majority of the
members of the target corporation's board of directors prior to the time of
acquisition. A corporation may not "opt out" of this statute and, therefore,
we anticipate this statute will apply to us. Depending upon whether we meet
the definition of a target corporation, Chapter 23B.19 of the WBCA may have
the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us.

                                     E-46

   In addition, we have adopted provisions in our certificate of incorporation
that may discourage potential acquisition proposals and delay or prevent a
change in control of our company. These provisions include the following:

  .  our board of directors may issue up to three million shares of preferred
     stock and determine the applicable powers, preferences and rights and
     the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the stock, including
     voting rights, without any vote or further action by stockholders;

  .  our directors are elected to staggered three-year terms;

  .  stockholders cannot call special meetings;

  .  the nomination of a director or the taking of certain actions requires
     advance notice; and

  .  stockholders cannot take action by written consent.

   In accordance with the above-described provisions, our board of directors
adopted a shareholder rights plan on June 14, 2000 pursuant to which each
holder of our common stock received a dividend of one right per share of common
stock held by such holder for the purchase of 1/1000th of a share of our Series
A Participating Preferred Stock for a price of $75.00 (as adjusted for stock
adjustments, the "Exercise Price"). The rights will become exercisable on the
earliest of (i) 10 days after a public announcement that a person has acquired
20% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock or (ii) the close of
business 10 days after the commencement of a, or public announcement of a,
tender offer for our common stock which would result in a person owning 20% or
more of our common stock. Upon any person so acquiring 20% or more of our
common stock (other than in a transaction approved by the board of directors),
the rights would further entitle the holders (other than the acquiring holder)
to acquire (by paying the then current Exercise Price) shares of our common
stock having a market value equal to twice the then current Exercise Price. If
after the rights become exercisable and we are subsequently acquired by another
company or person, the rights would further entitle the holder to acquire
shares of the common stock of the acquiring entity (by payment of the Exercise
Price) again having a market value of twice then current Exercise Price. At any
time prior to their becoming exercisable, the rights may be redeemed the board
of directors. The rights plan has been filed as an exhibit to our Registration
Statement dated July 12, 2000 and should be referred to for the complete terms
and conditions of the plan and the rights.

   Finally, we have entered into commercial agreements containing change-of-
control provisions that may inhibit potential acquisitions of our company. A
change of control in our company may result in the loss or material
modification of some of our commercial agreements, including agreements that
provide us with significant amounts of revenue or access to material
technology. The loss of such contracts would make our company less valuable,
and thus less attractive to potential acquirors.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

   Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily
to the increase or decrease in the amount of interest income we can earn on our
investment portfolio and on the increase or decrease in the amount of any
interest expense we must pay with respect to outstanding debt instruments. The
risk associated with fluctuating interest expense is limited, however, to the
exposure related to those debt instruments and credit facilities which are tied
to market rates. We do not plan to use derivative financial instruments in our
investment portfolio. We plan to ensure the safety and preservation of its
invested principal funds by limiting default risk, market risk and investment
risk. We plan to mitigate default risk by investing in low-risk securities. At
December 31, 2000, we had an investment portfolio of money market funds,
commercial securities and U.S. Government securities of $19.9 million. We had
notes payable and capital leases outstanding of $0.2 million at December 31,
2000. If market interest rates were to increase immediately and uniformly by
10% from levels as of December 31, 2000, the decline of the fair market value
of the fixed income portfolio and loans outstanding would not be material.

                                      E-47

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                           DATA CRITICAL CORPORATION

                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                  