URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1123337/000095017001000170/0000950170-01-000170.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CBhDwKAKDOuB2ORBgKbKFfBHmtB5+hP7Rw2eOeLKqNg0AuVHpEkZYauhLqehFRkc
 +28Z4COVKAGJPJl7QDKnZg==

0000950170-01-000170.txt : 20010213

0000950170-01-000170.hdr.sgml : 20010213
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-01-000170
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	S-4/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANDRX CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001123337
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				651013859
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		S-4/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-54926
		FILM NUMBER:		1534695

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4001 SW 47 AVE STE 201
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33314
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9545840300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4001 SOUTHWEST 47TH AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 201
		CITY:			FT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33314

S-4/A

0001.txt

   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 12, 2001
                                           Registration Statement No. 333-54926
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                ---------------

                                AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                       TO

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                                ---------------
                               ANDRX CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  Delaware                          65-1013859
            (State or other jurisdiction         (I.R.S. Employer
         of incorporation or organization)     Identification No.)

                                 Alan P. Cohen
                            Chief Executive Officer
                               Andrx Corporation
                               4955 Orange Drive
                              Davie, Florida 33314
                                 (954) 584-0300
    (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
 of registrant's principal executive offices and agent for service of process)
                                ---------------
                          Copies of communications to:

                             Dale S. Bergman, P.A.
                                Broad and Cassel
                          201 South Biscayne Boulevard
                              Miami, Florida 33131
                           Telephone: (305) 373-9400
                           Telecopier: (305) 373-9443
                                ---------------
       Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:

     As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective
and the satisfaction or waiver of all other conditions to the merger described
in this proxy statement/prospectus forming part of this Registration Statement.

     If the securities being registered on this form are to be offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box: [ ]

     If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [ ]

     If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [ ]
                                ---------------

     The Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a), of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may
determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Dear Mediconsult Stockholder,

     The boards of directors of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult.com, Inc.
have approved a merger agreement that will result in Mediconsult becoming a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation. If the merger is completed, you
will receive shares of the class of Andrx Corporation common stock, which
tracks the Internet business of Andrx Corporation, known as the Cybear Group,
and is referred to as Cybear tracking stock, in exchange for your shares of
Mediconsult common stock. The Cybear Group, includes Andrx Corporation's Cybear
Inc. subsidiary and, upon completion of the merger, will include Mediconsult.
We expect that the merger will be tax-free to you and Andrx Corporation. The
boards of directors of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult believe that the
merger should provide benefits to both Mediconsult and Andrx Corporation.

     Mediconsult stockholders will receive, in the aggregate and subject to
adjustment, 11,731,459 shares of Cybear tracking stock in the merger, or
approximately 42.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of Cybear tracking
stock following the merger. You will receive 0.1430 shares, subject to
adjustment, of Cybear tracking stock for each share of Mediconsult common stock
you own. Under the merger agreement, options and warrants to purchase
Mediconsult common stock that are outstanding immediately before the effective
time of the merger will be assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted into
options and warrants to purchase Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430
shares, subject to adjustment, of Cybear tracking stock for each share of
Mediconsult common stock into which your option or warrant is convertible. The
merger is subject to several conditions, including the restructuring of certain
obligations and the amendment of certain agreements of Mediconsult.

     The number of shares of Cybear tracking stock you will receive in the
merger is subject to adjustment. By adopting the merger agreement, Mediconsult
stockholders agree that 20% of the total number of shares of Cybear tracking
stock to be issued in the merger will not be issued until a balance sheet as of
the closing date of the merger is agreed upon by Andrx Corporation and
Mediconsult. Consequently, the exact number of shares of Cybear tracking stock
Mediconsult's stockholders will receive may be less than 11,731,459 but not
less than 9,385,723. We anticipate that immediately after the merger,
approximately 42.9% of the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock will be
held by former Mediconsult stockholders or noteholders. The exact percentage
will depend on the adjustment made, if any.

     Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult also entered into a credit agreement
which is more fully described herein.

     The board of directors of Mediconsult has unanimously approved the merger
and the merger agreement and determined that the merger is advisable, fair to
and in the best interests of Mediconsult and its stockholders. The merger
cannot be completed unless the Mediconsult stockholders adopt the merger
agreement by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Mediconsult common stock. Whether or not you plan to attend the special
meeting, please take the time to vote by completing and mailing the enclosed
proxy card to us. If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person
even if you previously returned your proxy. To adopt the merger agreement, you
MUST vote "FOR" the proposal by following the instructions stated on the
enclosed proxy card. If you do not vote at all, it will in effect count as a
vote against the proposal. We urge you to vote FOR the merger.

     Robert A. Jennings, a principal stockholder, and JHC Limited, an entity
controlled by Mr. Jennings, together representing 12,597,752 shares of
Mediconsult common stock or 22.6% of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult
common stock have already agreed to vote in favor of the merger.

     Please see pages 27 through 44 for a description of risk factors that may
affect the value of the Cybear tracking stock to be issued to you in the
merger, along with other risk factors pertaining to the merger that you should
consider.

     This document provides you with detailed information about the merger. We
encourage you to read this document carefully in its entirety.

                                        Sincerely yours,

                                        Ian D. Sutcliffe
                                        Chief Executive Officer
                                        Mediconsult.com, Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction or the Cybear
tracking stock to be issued in the merger or determined if this proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

          This proxy statement/prospectus is dated February 13, 2001,
      and was first mailed to stockholders on or about February 13, 2001.

                             MEDICONSULT.COM, INC.

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          TO BE HELD ON MARCH 20, 2001

To the Stockholders of Mediconsult.com, Inc.:

     We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Mediconsult.com, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, at the offices of Mediconsult, whose address is 560 White
Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York, at 10:00 A.M. local time, on March 20, 2001
for the following purposes:

   1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt a merger agreement under
        which:

     o Mediconsult will merge with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx
        Corporation, a Delaware corporation newly formed by Andrx Corporation
        for this purpose, and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx
        Corporation,

     o Each outstanding share of Mediconsult's common stock will be converted
        into 0.1430, subject to adjustment, of a share of the class of Andrx
        Corporation common stock which tracks the Internet business of Andrx
        Corporation, known as Cybear Group, and is referred to as Cybear
        tracking stock, and

     o Ian D. Sutcliffe, currently Chief Executive Officer and a director of
        Mediconsult, will be appointed as the representative of the Mediconsult
        stockholders to act on behalf of the Mediconsult stockholders in
        connection with the merger and any possible adjustments to the number
        of shares of Cybear tracking stock you will receive as referred to in
        the merger agreement.

   2. To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting
     or any agreements or postponements thereof.

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on January 31, 2001
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements thereof. YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. Adoption of
the merger agreement proposal described in the attached proxy
statement/prospectus at the Mediconsult special meeting requires the favorable
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult
common stock.

     Whether or not you expect to be present, please sign, date and return the
enclosed proxy card in the pre-addressed envelope provided for that purpose as
promptly as possible. No postage is required if mailed in the United States.
Please do not send in your stock certificates at this time. If the merger is
consummated, Andrx Corporation will send you instructions explaining how to
exchange your shares for Cybear tracking stock.

                                        By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                        E. Michael Ingram, Secretary

Tarrytown, New York
February 13, 2001

All Stockholders Are Invited To Attend The Special Meeting In Person. Those
Stockholders Who Are Unable To Attend Are Respectfully Urged To Execute And
Return The Enclosed Proxy Card As Promptly As Possible. Stockholders Who
Execute A Proxy Card May Nevertheless Attend The Special Meeting, Revoke Their
Proxy And Vote Their Shares In Person.

The Board Of Directors Of Mediconsult Has Unanimously Approved The Merger And
The Merger Agreement And Determined That The Merger Is Advisable, Fair To And
In The Best Interests Of Mediconsult And Its Stockholders. After Careful
Consideration, The Mediconsult Board Of Directors Unanimously Recommends That
The Mediconsult Stockholders Vote "FOR" The Adoption Of The Merger Agreement
Proposal.

                               

                                                                                Page
                                                                                ----
SUMMARY ....................................................................      1
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA .......................................      8
ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA .....................................     12
UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION ................................     26
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................     27
   Risks Related to the Merger .............................................     27
   Risks Related to Cybear .................................................     27
   Risks Related to Andrx ..................................................     34
   Risks Associated With Having Two Classes of Common Stock ................     39
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..................................     45
WHO CAN HELP ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS .........................................     45
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ........................................     46
PRICE RANGE OF EXISTING COMMON STOCKS AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION .............     47
THE STOCKHOLDERS MEETING ...................................................     49
   The Mediconsult Special Meeting .........................................     49
   Voting of Proxies .......................................................     49
   Abstentions; Broker Non Votes ...........................................     50
   Solicitation of Proxies .................................................     51
   Stock Certificates ......................................................     51
THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT ........................................     52
   Description of the Merger ...............................................     52
   Background of the Merger ................................................     52
   Opinion of Mediconsult's Financial Advisor ..............................     53
   Recommendation of Mediconsult's Board of Directors ......................     58
   Interests of Certain Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger ...     58
   Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock ..........................     59
   Description of Management and Allocation Policies .......................     69
   Comparison of Stockholder Rights ........................................     73
   Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions ........................................     75
   United States Federal Income Tax Considerations .........................     75
   Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement ............................     78
   Interim Financing .......................................................     87
   Appraisal Rights ........................................................     87
   Accounting Treatment ....................................................     91
   Stock Exchange Listings .................................................     91
   Stock Transfer and Exchange Agent .......................................     91
   Exchange Procedures .....................................................     91
   Financial Advisor .......................................................     91

                                       i

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF CONDITION AND RESULTS
 OF OPERATIONS OF MEDICONSULT .........................................     92
   Introduction .......................................................     92
   Background .........................................................     92
   Revenue Sources ....................................................     93
   Marketing and Sales Initiatives ....................................     94
   Visitor Traffic ....................................................     94
   Corporate ..........................................................     95
   Stock Options and Warrants .........................................     95
   Results of Operations ..............................................     96
   Quarterly Results of Operations Data ...............................     99
   Liquidity and Capital Resources ....................................    103
   Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements .........................    106
BUSINESS OF MEDICONSULT ...............................................    107
   Overview ...........................................................    107
   Industry Background ................................................    107
   The Solution .......................................................    108
   Mediconsult Strategy ...............................................    109
   Products and Services ..............................................    110
   Joint Ventures, Strategic Acquisitions and Relationships ...........    110
   Sales and Marketing ................................................    112
   Infrastructure, Operations and Technology ..........................    112
   Competition ........................................................    113
   Intellectual Property, Proprietary Rights and Domain Names .........    113
   Human Resources ....................................................    114
   Government Regulation and Legal Uncertainties ......................    114
   Description of Property ............................................    116
   Legal Proceedings ..................................................    117
BENEFICIAL SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF MEDICONSULT ..........................    118
EXPENSES OF SOLICITATION ..............................................    119
LEGAL AND TAX OPINIONS ................................................    119
EXPERTS ...............................................................    119
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS .........................................    F-1
MEDICONSULT.COM, INC. INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS'
 REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ......................................    F-2
LIST OF ANNEXES
ANNEX A AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
ANNEX B OPINION OF MCFARLAND DEWEY & CO., LLC.
ANNEX C ANDRX CORPORATION CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
ANNEX D ANDRX CORPORATION MANAGEMENT AND ALLOCATION POLICIES
ANNEX E SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

                                       ii

     In September 2000, Andrx Corporation reorganized and acquired the
outstanding shares of common stock of Cybear Inc. that it did not own,
reincorporated in Delaware and created two new classes of common stock:

   o Andrx common stock, to track the performance of the Andrx Group, which
      includes Andrx Corporation and subsidiaries, other than its Cybear Inc.
      subsidiary and certain potential future Internet businesses of Andrx
      Corporation; and

   o Cybear tracking stock, to track the performance of the Cybear Group,
      which includes Cybear Inc., its subsidiaries, certain potential future
      Internet businesses of Andrx Corporation, and upon completion of the
      merger will include Mediconsult.

     As used in this proxy statement/prospectus, "Andrx Corporation" refers to
Andrx Corporation and all of its subsidiaries. "Andrx" refers to Andrx
Corporation and all of its subsidiaries prior to the September 2000
reorganization and to Andrx and its subsidiaries, other than Cybear Inc. after
the reorganization. "Cybear" refers to Cybear Inc. and its subsidiaries prior
to and following the reorganization. "Mediconsult" refers to Mediconsult.com,
Inc. and its subsidiaries. "We" refers to Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult,
collectively.

     The information in this proxy statement/prospectus with respect to Andrx
Corporation gives effect to the two-for-one stock splits in June 1999 and April
2000 of the Andrx common stock.

                                      iii

                                    SUMMARY

     This summary contains selected information from this document and may not
contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the
merger fully, we strongly encourage you to read this entire document carefully,
including the annexes, and the documents to which we refer. A list of documents
that Andrx Corporation incorporates by reference appears under the heading
"Where You Can Find More Information."

                                 The Companies

Andrx Corporation
4955 Orange Drive
Davie, Florida 33314
Telephone: (954) 584-0300

     Andrx formulates and commercializes controlled-release oral
pharmaceuticals using its proprietary drug delivery technologies. Andrx markets
and sells Cartia XT(R) and Diltia XT(R), its generic or bioequivalent versions
of Cardizem(R) CD and Dilacor XR(R).

     Andrx has eight proprietary drug delivery technologies that it has
patented for certain applications or for which it has filed for patent
protection for certain applications. Andrx believes its technologies are
flexible and can be modified to apply to a variety of pharmaceutical products.
Andrx uses its proprietary drug delivery technologies and formulation skills to
develop:

     o bioequivalent versions of selected controlled-release brand name
pharmaceuticals; and

   o brand name controlled-release formulations of existing immediate-release
     or controlled-release drugs where it believes that the application of
     Andrx's drug delivery technologies may improve the efficacy or other
     characteristics of those products.

     Controlled-release drug delivery technologies generally provide more
consistent and appropriate drug levels in the bloodstream than
immediate-release dosage forms and may improve drug efficacy and reduce side
effects by releasing drug dosages at specific times and in specific locations
in the body. These technologies also allow for the development of "patient
friendly" dosage forms, which reduce the number of times a drug must be taken,
thus improving patient compliance.

     Through its distribution operations, Andrx also sell drugs manufactured by
third parties primarily to independent pharmacies, pharmacy chains which do not
maintain their own central warehousing facilities and pharmacy buying groups.

     Cybear is an information technology company that is using the Internet to
improve the efficiency of clinical, administrative and communications tasks
associated with patient care from providers through the secure and reliable
transmission of this information.

Mediconsult.com, Inc.
560 White Plains Road
Tarrytown, New York 10591
Telephone: (914) 332-6100

     Mediconsult.com, Inc. is a provider of solutions using the Internet to
educate and connect doctors and patients. Mediconsult's websites and Internet
services educate physicians, educate chronic patients

and enable more effective doctor-patient relationships. Mediconsult provides
doctors and patients with access to relevant communities, reliable tools and
quality medical information that Mediconsult believes save doctors time and
improve health outcomes for their patients.

     Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are the
cause of the majority of healthcare spending. By fostering communities of
physicians and patients centered on prevalent medical conditions and health
issues, Mediconsult believes that it creates significant opportunities for
pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies to effectively reach physician
and patient audiences using Internet-based medical education, marketing and
sponsorship programs.

The Merger (See page 52)

     The boards of directors of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult approved a
merger agreement that will result in Mediconsult becoming part of Cybear. If
the merger is completed, you will receive shares of Cybear tracking stock in
exchange for your shares of Mediconsult common stock. We strongly encourage you
to read the merger agreement, attached as Annex A to this document, carefully
because it is the legal document that governs the merger.

     You will receive, in the aggregate and subject to adjustment,
approximately 11,731,459 shares of Cybear tracking stock in the merger, or
approximately 42.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of Cybear tracking
stock following the merger. You will receive 0.1430 shares, subject to
adjustment, of Cybear tracking stock for each share of Mediconsult common stock
you own. Under the merger agreement, options and warrants to purchase
Mediconsult common stock that are outstanding immediately before the effective
time of the merger will be assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted into
options and warrants to purchase Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430
shares, subject to adjustment, of Cybear tracking stock for each share of
Mediconsult common stock into which your option or warrant is convertible. The
merger is subject to several conditions, including the restructuring of certain
obligations and amendment of certain agreements of Mediconsult. The number of
shares of Cybear tracking stock Mediconsult's stockholders will receive is,
however, subject to adjustment. Therefore, the exact number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock Mediconsult stockholders will receive may be less than
11,731,459 but not less than 9,385,723.

     We anticipate that immediately after the merger, approximately 42.9% of
the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock will be held by former
Mediconsult stockholders and parties who will receive shares of Mediconsult
common stock prior to the merger in connection with the restructuring of
certain obligations and amendment of certain agreements. The exact percentage
will depend on the adjustment made, if any.

Risks Involved with the Merger (See page 27)

     An investment in Cybear tracking stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the section entitled
"Risk Factors."

Special Meeting (See page 49)

Record Date; Voting Power

     If you are a Mediconsult stockholder, you are entitled to vote at the
special meeting if you owned shares of Mediconsult common stock as of the
record date for that special meeting, which was the close of business on
January 31, 2001.

     On the record date, there were 55,690,636 shares of Mediconsult common
stock outstanding. For each share of Mediconsult common stock owned on that
date, Mediconsult stockholders will have one vote at the special meeting.

Quorum; Required Vote of Mediconsult Common Stockholders

     The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common
stock must be present, in person or by proxy, at the special meeting for there
to be a quorum. The merger requires the approval by a majority of all of the
outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock entitled to vote at the
Mediconsult special meeting. If you fail to vote or abstain from voting, it has
the effect of a vote against the merger. Robert A. Jennings, a principal
stockholder and director, and JHC Limited, an entity controlled by Mr.
Jennings, together representing 12,597,752 shares of Mediconsult common stock
or 22.6% of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock, have already
agreed to vote in favor of the merger. As of January 31, 2001, Andrx
Corporation, its directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, held
no shares of Mediconsult common stock.

Share Ownership of Management and Directors

     On January 31, 2001, directors and executive officers of Mediconsult owned
and were entitled to vote 15,383,752 shares of Mediconsult common stock, or
approximately 27.2% of the Mediconsult common stock outstanding on that date.

Mediconsult's Reasons for the Merger (See page 52)

     At the meeting held by the Mediconsult board of directors on January 9,
2001, the Mediconsult board of directors, by a unanimous vote of all directors,
determined that the terms of the merger were advisable, fair to, and in the
best interests of, Mediconsult and its stockholders, approved the merger
agreement and authorized and directed certain executive officers to execute the
merger agreement on behalf of Mediconsult.

     Mediconsult executed the merger agreement on January 9, 2001 and issued a
press release announcing the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
therein on January 10, 2001.

     Accordingly, the Mediconsult board of directors, having unanimously
approved the merger agreement and determined that the merger is advisable, fair
to, and in the best interests of, Mediconsult and its stockholders, recommends
that the Mediconsult stockholders vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement.

     The decision of the Mediconsult board of directors to approve the merger
agreement on January 9, 2001, followed several months of exploring and
analyzing the various strategic and financial alternatives available to
Mediconsult. During this period, the Mediconsult board of directors met
numerous times and reviewed in detail the business, results of operations and
prospects of Mediconsult.

     In making its recommendation to the Mediconsult stockholders with respect
to the merger, the Mediconsult board of directors considered a number of
factors. These factors, to which no relative weights have been assigned,
include the following:

     o The investigation and review by the Mediconsult board of directors of
the merger;

   o The knowledge and review by the Mediconsult board of directors and its
     advisors of the current business, assets and financial condition and
     future prospects of Mediconsult, including its working capital deficit;

   o The information provided to the Mediconsult board of directors by the
     officers of Mediconsult with respect to the financial terms and other
     aspects of the merger;

   o The presentation of McFarland Dewey & Co., LLC, Mediconsult's financial
     advisor, delivered to the Mediconsult board of directors at its meetings
     on January 4, 2001 and January 9, 2001,

     including McFarland Dewey's written opinion, dated January 9, 2001, that,
     as of such date, and based upon and subject to the assumptions,
     limitations and qualifications set forth in such opinion, the exchange
     ratio, including any adjustment, is fair to the Mediconsult stockholders
     from a financial point of view (see " -- Opinion of Mediconsult's
     Financial Advisor");

   o The review of the material terms and conditions of the merger as
     reflected in the merger agreement, including the amount and form of
     consideration;

   o The review of the material terms and conditions of the interim financing
     provided to Mediconsult by Cybear, including the amount of the principal,
     the interest rate, the maturity date, the fact that the loan would be
     evidenced by a note secured by the assets and common stock of Physicians'
     Online, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediconsult, as well as
     warrants to purchase shares of Mediconsult's common stock;

   o Alternatives to the merger, including a proposed strategic transaction
     with a third party other than Andrx Corporation, the risks of liquidation
     and other alternatives that are less attractive for Mediconsult
     stockholders;

   o The fact that the combined companies will be positioned to service the
     growing needs of the on-line healthcare industry and hope to expand upon
     their relationships with key clients and to attract additional client
     relationships by offering a complete range of on-line services;

   o The structure of the merger, which would permit holders of Mediconsult
     common stock (except for the holders of notes) to convert all of their
     shares of Mediconsult common stock on a tax-free basis; and

   o Such other matters as the Mediconsult board of directors deemed
     appropriate or necessary in considering the merger.

Opinion of McFarland Dewey (See page 53)

     An opinion was rendered to Mediconsult's board of directors by McFarland
Dewey, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange
ratio to the Mediconsult's stockholders in the merger. The Mediconsult board of
directors received an oral opinion on January 9, 2001, subsequently confirmed
in writing as of the same date, from McFarland Dewey to the effect that, as of
the date of the opinion and based upon and subject to the matters described in
the opinion, the exchange ratio is fair, from a financial point of view to the
holders of Mediconsult common stock. We have included this opinion as Annex B
to this document.

     The opinion is directed to the Mediconsult's board of directors and is not
a recommendation to stockholders with respect to any matter relating to the
merger. We urge you to read carefully the opinion in its entirety.

Recommendations to Stockholders (See page 58)

     The Mediconsult's board of directors believes that the merger is
advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Mediconsult and for its
stockholders and unanimously recommends that Mediconsult's stockholders vote
FOR the merger.

United States Federal Income Tax Considerations (See page 75)

     We believe that for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Mediconsult
stockholders generally should not recognize any gain or loss as a result of the
merger, except with respect to cash received by the Mediconsult stockholders in
lieu of fractional shares of Cybear tracking stock and any cash paid to
dissenting stockholders.

     The U.S. federal income tax consequences are summarized below under the
heading "United States Federal Income Tax Considerations." Tax matters are very
complex and the tax consequences of the merger to you could depend on the facts
of your own situation. We urge you to consult your tax advisors for a full
description of the tax consequences of the merger to you.

Appraisal Rights (See page 87)

     Mediconsult is a Delaware corporation. If the Cybear tracking stock is not
listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of the
merger, the Mediconsult stockholders will have the right to an appraisal of the
value of their shares of Mediconsult common stock, if any. If the Cybear
tracking stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the
effective date of the merger, the Mediconsult stockholders will have no
appraisal rights. Nasdaq has recently notified Andrx Corporation that the
Cybear tracking stock is not in compliance with the continued listing
requirements.

     If appraisal rights exist, any Mediconsult stockholder who does not wish
to receive the 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock for each share of
Mediconsult common stock he, she or it holds in connection with the merger has
the right under Delaware law to have the "fair value" of his, her or its shares
determined by the Delaware Chancery Court. This "right of appraisal" is subject
to a number of restrictions and technical requirements. Generally, in order to
exercise appraisal rights:

     o you must not vote in favor of the merger; and

   o you must make a written demand for appraisal in compliance with Delaware
     law before the vote on the merger.

     Merely voting against the merger will not protect your right of appraisal.
Annex E to this proxy statement/prospectus contains the Delaware statutory
provision relating to your appraisal rights. Failure to follow all of the steps
required by this provision will result in the loss of your appraisal rights.
The Delaware law requirements for exercising appraisal rights are explained on
pages 87 to 90 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Accounting Treatment (See page 91)

     The acquisition of the shares of Mediconsult common stock from the
Mediconsult stockholders will be accounted for by Andrx Corporation as a
purchase of a business. Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of Mediconsult acquired by Andrx Corporation will be recorded at
their fair value, and any excess of Andrx Corporation's purchase price over the
fair value will be accounted for as goodwill, which will be amortized over no
more than five years and allocated to Cybear.

Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement (See page 78)

     The merger agreement contemplates the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Andrx Corporation with and into Mediconsult, with Mediconsult surviving the
merger. Upon the consummation of the merger, Mediconsult will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation and part of Cybear. The merger
will become effective on the date and time that the certificate of merger is
filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or such other date and time
specified in the certificate of merger.

     The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Andrx
Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary and Mediconsult which are customary for
agreements of this nature. The merger agreement also contains customary
covenants. Some of the covenants include:

   o Mediconsult's agreement to obtain an agreement from Robert A. Jennings, a
     director and principal stockholder of Mediconsult, and from JHC Limited,
     an entity controlled by Mr. Jennings, to vote in favor of the merger.

   o Andrx Corporation's agreement to cause Cybear Inc. to provide Mediconsult
     with up to $2,000,000 in interim financing to fund its operating
     activities until the consummation of the merger or termination of the
     merger agreement.

   o Mediconsult's agreement that it will not solicit, initiate or encourage
     or take any action which would facilitate a takeover proposal or engage in
     negotiations or disclose any nonpublic information or give access to its
     properties, books or records to any person who is considering making or
     has made a takeover proposal. Mediconsult may engage in negotiations,
     however, under certain conditions.

     The merger will be completed only if specific conditions are satisfied or
waived, including the restructuring of certain obligations and amendment of
certain agreements.

     The merger agreement can be terminated at any time before the merger is
completed. In certain circumstances, Mediconsult has agreed to pay Andrx
Corporation a termination fee of $1,000,000 and granted to Andrx Corporation a
breakup warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of Mediconsult's common stock as of the
termination date. The termination fee and the breakup warrant, along with the
nonsolicitation provisions, may discourage third parties who are interested in
acquiring a significant stake in Mediconsult, and these provisions are intended
by Andrx Corporation to increase the likelihood that the merger will be
completed.

Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock (See page 59)

     Andrx Corporation's capital structure consists of two classes of common
stock, Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock, and preferred stock. Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation sets forth the details of this
capital structure and is attached as Annex C to this document. We strongly
encourage you to read the certificate of incorporation carefully in its
entirety because the certificate of incorporation governs your rights as a
holder of the Cybear tracking stock.

     The certificate of incorporation provides for the following rights and
preferences with respect to the two classes of Andrx Corporation common stock:

Voting Rights

   o On all matters as to which both classes of common stock vote together as
     a single class, each outstanding share of Andrx common stock will have one
     vote, and each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock has a number of
     votes equal to the quotient of the average market value of a share of
     Cybear tracking stock divided by the average market value of a share of
     Andrx common stock during the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the
     tenth trading day prior to the record date for determination of the
     stockholders entitled to vote, subject to some exceptions and
     qualifications. Cybear tracking stock in no event may represent in excess
     of 25% of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of Andrx
     Corporation common stock.

Sale of Cybear

   o Upon a sale or other disposition by Andrx Corporation of all or
     substantially all of the properties and assets of Cybear, Andrx
     Corporation is required to pay a dividend on the outstanding shares of
     Cybear tracking stock, redeem some or all of the outstanding shares of
     Cybear tracking stock or convert outstanding shares of Cybear tracking
     stock into shares of Andrx common stock, subject to some exceptions more
     fully described in the description of the Andrx Corporation capital stock.

Optional Conversion

   o At any time after September 8, 2001, or the occurrence of tax-related
     events, the Andrx Corporation board of directors may convert shares of
     Cybear tracking stock into Andrx common stock at a specified ratio of
     market prices.

Dividends

   o Funds available for dividends on Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking
     stock are limited to the lesser of the amount that would be legally
     available for the payment of dividends on the stock of such group if the
     group were a separate company and an amount equal to the funds legally
     available for the payment of dividends for Andrx Corporation as a whole.

   o Subject to the prior payment of dividends on outstanding shares of
     preferred stock and the limitations described above, the Andrx Corporation
     board of directors may choose to declare and pay dividends on either
     class, or both classes, of common stock, in equal or unequal amounts.

Liquidation

   o In the event of a dissolution or liquidation and winding-up of Andrx
     Corporation after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other
     liabilities of Andrx Corporation and full preferential amounts to which
     holders of preferred stock are entitled, the holders of Andrx Corporation
     common stock and Cybear tracking stock will be entitled to receive the net
     assets, if any, of Andrx Corporation remaining for distribution on a per
     share basis in proportion to the specified liquidation units per share of
     each class, as more fully described herein. The liquidation rights of
     holders of the respective classes may not bear any relationship to the
     relative market values or relative voting rights of the two classes.

Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information (See page 47)

     Cybear tracking stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CYBA." Mediconsult common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "MCNS." On January 8, 2001, the last full trading day prior to
public announcement of the proposed merger, the closing price per share of
Cybear tracking stock was $0.2031 and the closing price per share of
Mediconsult common stock was $0.1562. On February 12, 2001, the most recent
practicable date prior to the filing of this document, the closing price per
share of Cybear tracking stock was $0.4375 and the closing price per share of
Mediconsult common stock was $0.0938.

     Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult have been notified by Nasdaq that the
Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult common stock do not meet the requirements
for continued listing. Accordingly, both Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult
common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market for failure to
meet the requirements for continued listing. See "Price Range of Common Stocks
and Dividend Information."

                     SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The Mediconsult stockholders should read the selected consolidated
financial data below in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and the notes to the financial statements for Mediconsult included herein and
for Andrx Corporation, Andrx and Cybear incorporated by reference. The amounts
have been extracted from the companies' financial statements. All amounts are
in thousands, except for share and per share amounts.

ANDRX CORPORATION

                                                         Nine Months Ended
                                                           September 30,
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                        2000           1999
                                                   -------------- --------------
                                                     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                     (in thousands, except for
                                                   share and per share amounts)

Statement of Income Data (1):
Revenues
 Distributed products ............................  $    231,653   $    195,246
 Manufactured products ...........................       133,209         82,981
 Stipulation fees ................................            --         70,733
 Licensing and other .............................        11,443          4,939
                                                    ------------   ------------
   Total revenues ................................       376,305        353,899
                                                    ------------   ------------
Operating expenses
 Costs of goods sold .............................       214,298        172,326
 Selling, general and administrative .............        41,968         40,608
 Research and development ........................        33,340         16,689
 Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses .........        22,193         10,626
 Cybear Inc. merger costs ........................         2,098             --
                                                    ------------   ------------
   Total operating expenses ......................       313,897        240,249
                                                    ------------   ------------
Income (loss) from operations ....................        62,408        113,650
Other income (expense)
 Minority interest ...............................         4,146          1,593
 Gain on sale of Cybear, Inc. shares .............            --            300
 Interest income .................................         8,813          2,154
 Interest expense ................................          (735)        (1,147)
                                                    ------------   ------------
Income (loss) before income taxes ................        74,632        116,550
Income taxes .....................................        30,762         42,899
                                                    ------------   ------------
Net income (loss) ................................  $     43,870   $     73,651
                                                    ============   ============
Andrx Common Stock:
Net income (2) ...................................  $     49,169   $     73,651
                                                    ============   ============
Basic net income (loss) per share ................  $       0.75   $       1.19
                                                    ============   ============
Diluted net income (loss) per share ..............  $       0.72   $       1.13
                                                    ============   ============
Basic weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding. .......................    65,892,000     61,644,000
                                                    ============   ============
Diluted weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding. .......................    68,629,000     64,898,000
                                                    ============   ============
Cybear Common Stock (4):
Net loss (3) .....................................  $     (5,299)            --
                                                    ============
Basic & diluted net loss per Cybear common
 stock ...........................................  $      (0.35)            --
                                                    ============
Basic & diluted weighted average shares
 outstanding .....................................    15,203,000             --
                                                    ============

                                                                            Years Ended December 31,
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        1999           1998           1997           1996           1995
                                                   -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
                                                             (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

Statement of Income Data (1):
Revenues
 Distributed products ............................  $    262,402   $    215,903   $    146,237   $     86,721   $     50,468
 Manufactured products ...........................       134,796         11,472          3,324             --             --
 Stipulation fees ................................        70,733         19,130             --             --             --
 Licensing and other .............................         8,059            552            137             50            165
                                                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
   Total revenues ................................       475,990        247,057        149,698         86,771         50,633
                                                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
Operating expenses
 Costs of goods sold .............................       235,346        188,226        126,802         72,400         41,781
 Selling, general and administrative .............        55,266         30,646         18,934         13,778          9,847
 Research and development ........................        25,697         16,837         11,251          5,066          3,895
 Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses .........        14,744          4,090          1,473             --             --
 Cybear Inc. merger costs ........................            --             --             --             --             --
                                                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
   Total operating expenses ......................       331,053        239,799        158,460         91,244         55,523
                                                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
Income (loss) from operations ....................       144,937          7,258         (8,762)        (4,473)        (4,890)
Other income (expense)
 Minority interest ...............................         1,937             85             31             --             --
 Gain on sale of Cybear, Inc. shares .............           643            700             --             --             --
 Interest income .................................         3,603          1,064          1,585          1,210            339
 Interest expense ................................        (1,661)          (380)          (490)          (765)          (636)
                                                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
Income (loss) before income taxes ................       149,459          8,727         (7,636)        (4,028)        (5,187)
Income taxes .....................................        55,405            333             --             --             --
                                                    ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
Net income (loss) ................................  $     94,054   $      8,394   $     (7,636)  $     (4,028)  $     (5,187)
                                                    ============   ============   ============   ============   ============
Andrx Common Stock:
Net income (2) ...................................  $     94,054   $      8,394   $     (7,636)  $     (4,028)  $     (5,187)
                                                    ============   ============   ============   ============   ============
Basic net income (loss) per share ................  $       1.52   $       0.14   $      (0.13)  $      (0.08)  $      (0.14)
                                                    ============   ============   ============   ============   ============
Diluted net income (loss) per share ..............  $       1.45   $       0.13   $      (0.13)  $      (0.08)  $      (0.14)
                                                    ============   ============   ============   ============   ============
Basic weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding. .......................    61,979,800     60,090,800     56,852,400     48,592,000     37,787,200
                                                    ============   ============   ============   ============   ============
Diluted weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding. .......................    64,953,200     63,706,800     56,852,400     48,592,000     37,787,200
                                                    ============   ============   ============   ============   ============
Cybear Common Stock (4):
Net loss (3) .....................................            --             --             --             --             --
Basic & diluted net loss per Cybear common
 stock ...........................................            --             --             --             --             --
Basic & diluted weighted average shares
 outstanding .....................................            --             --             --             --             --

                                        September 30,

                                       --------------
                                         (Unaudited)

Balance Sheet Data(1):
Cash, cash equivalents and investments
 available-for-sale ..................  $   342,727
Working capital ......................      446,649
Total assets .........................      626,568
Short-term borrowings ................           --
Total shareholders' equity ...........      542,143

                                                                      December 31,
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            1999           1998           1997           1996           1995
                                       -------------- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
                                                                     (in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data(1):
Cash, cash equivalents and investments
 available-for-sale ..................  $   123,418    $    23,092    $    25,543    $    30,320    $    13,841
Working capital ......................      180,863         51,345         45,144         32,963         14,402
Total assets .........................      357,954        121,198         90,845         66,538         36,010
Short-term borrowings ................       20,226          4,107            546          6,563          6,101
Total shareholders' equity ...........      220,972         72,583         60,861         42,762         18,325

- ---------------
(1) Certain prior years' amounts have been reclassified to conform with the
    current year presentation.

(2) Net income attributed to Andrx common stock is based on the consolidated
    results of Andrx, including the majority ownership of Cybear though
    September 6, 2000 and the net income of Andrx excluding Andrx's 100%
    ownership of Cybear from September 7, 2000 to September 30, 2000.

(3) Cybear's net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 reflects
    only the $5,299 of net loss attributable to the period subsequent to the
    reorganization (from September 7, 2000 to September 30, 2000).

(4) Cybear tracking stock is common stock of Andrx Corporation, but is designed
    to reflect the business of Cybear. Holders of Cybear tracking stock have
    no specific rights to the assets designated to Cybear, as Andrx
    Corporation continues to hold title to all of Cybear's assets and is
    responsible for all of its liabilities, regardless of how it allocates
    assets and liabilities among the classes of common stock for financial
    statement presentation purposes. Holders of Cybear tracking stock are
    therefore subject to the risks of investing in the business, assets and
    liabilities of Andrx Corporation as a whole. For instance, the assets
    allocated to each class of common stock are subject to Company-wide claims
    of creditors and stockholder litigation.

CYBEAR INC.

                                                        Nine Months Ended            Years Ended            Period From
                                                          September 30,              December 31,        February 5, 1997
                                                   --------------------------- ------------------------   (Inception) to
                                                        2000          1999         1999         1998     December 31, 1997
                                                   ------------- ------------- ------------ ----------- ------------------
                                                    (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)
                                                           (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

Statement of Operations Data:(1)
Total Revenues ...................................   $   3,863     $    118     $     270    $     --        $     96
                                                     ---------     --------     ---------    --------        --------
Operating expenses:
 Cost of Revenues ................................       3,425           12            77          --              --
 Network operations and operations support .......       3,276        2,186         2,790         643              --
 Product development .............................       2,515        2,134         3,058       1,557             894
 Selling, general and administrative .............       6,652        4,685         7,453       1,547             667
 Depreciation and amortization ...................       2,563          901         1,556         139              65
 Merger costs ....................................       1,202           --            --          --              --
 Other non-recurring charges .....................       6,022           --            --         285              --
                                                     ---------     --------     ---------    --------        --------
Total operating expenses .........................      25,655        9,918        14,934       4,171           1,626
                                                     ---------     --------     ---------    --------        --------
Loss from operations .............................     (21,792)      (9,800)      (14,664)     (4,171)         (1,530)
Other income (expenses)
 Interest income .................................       1,519          684         1,282          --              --
 Interest expense on advances from Andrx .........          --         (216)         (216)       (210)            (28)
                                                     ---------     --------     ---------    --------        --------
Loss before income taxes .........................     (20,273)      (9,332)      (13,598)     (4,381)         (1,558)
Income tax benefit ...............................          --        2,824         2,824       1,900              --
                                                     ---------     --------     ---------    --------        --------
Net loss .........................................   $ (20,273)    $ (6,508)    $ (10,774)   $ (2,481)       $ (1,558)
                                                     =========     ========     =========    ========        ========

                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                 September 30,    --------------------------------------------
                                                                     2000              1999           1998           1997
                                                                --------------    -------------- -------------- --------------
                                                                  (Unaudited)                    (in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:(1)
Cash, cash equivalents and investments available-for-sale .....  $    18,054       $    37,994    $         4    $         1
Working capital (deficit) .....................................       19,671            39,390         (3,235)        (1,378)
Total assets ..................................................       44,035            53,068          3,332            396
Total liabilities .............................................        3,456             3,091          3,800          1,410
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) ..........................       40,579            49,978           (468)        (1,015)

- ---------------
(1) Certain prior years' amounts have been reclassified to conform to the
current year presentation.

MEDICONSULT

                                                                Nine Months Ended
                                                                  September 30,
                                                        ---------------------------------
                                                              2000             1999
                                                        ---------------- ----------------
                                                          (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues ..............................................  $  17,270,999    $   3,715,432
                                                         -------------    -------------
Operating expenses:
 Product and content development ......................     19,753,410        4,641,565
 Marketing, sales and client services .................     12,143,572        7,661,904
 General and administrative ...........................      5,679,344        3,332,837
 Depreciation and amortization ........................     32,440,039        1,392,204
 Restructuring charge .................................      2,830,599               --
 Charge for impairment of long-lived assets ...........      8,557,690               --
 Fair value of options granted to employees ...........      1,536,346        1,060,949
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties ......      1,805,347        1,707,611
                                                         -------------    -------------
Total operating expenses ..............................     84,746,347       19,797,070
                                                         -------------    -------------
Loss from operations ..................................    (67,475,348)     (16,081,638)
Interest income (expense), net ........................        122,372        1,168,308
                                                         -------------    -------------
Net loss ..............................................    (67,352,976)     (14,913,330)
Dividends on preferred stock ..........................             --         (945,505)
                                                         -------------    -------------
Net loss attributed to common stockholders ............  $ (67,352,976)   $ (15,858,835)
                                                         =============    =============
Per common share data:
Basic and diluted net loss per share ..................  $       (1.28)   $       (0.64)
                                                         =============    =============
Basic and diluted weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding .............................     52,654,870       24,882,258
                                                         =============    =============
Balance Sheet Data: (unaudited)
Cash ..................................................        892,314       33,927,596
Working Capital (deficit) .............................     (5,879,778)      34,464,200
Total Assets ..........................................    168,657,992       58,777,278
Stockholders' Equity ..................................    155,196,436       56,558,900

                                                                          Years Ended                        Period From
                                                                          December 31,                     April 23, 1996
                                                        ------------------------------------------------         to
                                                              1999             1998            1997       December 31, 1996
                                                        ---------------- --------------- --------------- ------------------

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues ..............................................  $   6,362,226    $   1,030,934   $     256,374     $         --
                                                         -------------    -------------   -------------     ------------
Operating expenses:
 Product and content development ......................      7,574,171        1,316,188         765,864               --
 Marketing, sales and client services .................     11,934,645        1,811,710       1,130,340          435,637
 General and administrative ...........................      7,055,865        1,012,719         792,213          403,794
 Depreciation and amortization ........................      3,758,210          170,439         132,768               --
 Restructuring charge .................................             --               --              --               --
 Charge for impairment of long-lived assets ...........             --               --              --               --
 Fair value of options granted to employees ...........      2,031,251          275,145          40,235               --
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties ......      1,834,175        1,354,000              --               --
                                                         -------------    -------------   -------------     ------------
Total operating expenses ..............................     34,188,317        5,940,201       2,861,420          839,431
                                                         -------------    -------------   -------------     ------------
Loss from operations ..................................    (27,826,091)      (4,909,267)     (2,605,046)        (839,431)
Interest income (expense), net ........................      1,542,185               --         (20,000)         (22,667)
                                                         -------------    -------------   -------------     ------------
Net loss ..............................................    (26,283,906)      (4,909,267)     (2,625,046)        (862,098)
Dividends on preferred stock ..........................       (945,505)              --              --               --
                                                         -------------    -------------   -------------     ------------
Net loss attributed to common stockholders ............  $ (27,229,411)      (4,909,267)     (2,625,046)        (862,098)
                                                         =============    =============   =============     ============
Per common share data:
Basic and diluted net loss per share ..................  $       (1.02)   $       (0.27)  $       (0.16)    $      (0.08)
                                                         =============    =============   =============     ============
Basic and diluted weighted average shares of
 common stock outstanding .............................     26,711,890       17,910,898      16,729,900       11,137,662
                                                         =============    =============   =============     ============
Balance Sheet Data: (unaudited)
Cash ..................................................     22,320,814          135,053         400,949          393,130
Working Capital (deficit) .............................     11,171,076         (593,159)        372,522          (58,811)
Total Assets ..........................................    222,780,950        1,142,383         751,763          760,028
Stockholders' Equity ..................................    206,578,329          278,381         565,526          146,487

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
           UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheets as of
September 30, 2000 and the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and for
the year ended December 31, 1999 give pro forma effect to:

   1. Andrx Corporation's reorganization which occurred on September 7, 2000.
     The reorganization created two classes of Andrx Corporation common stock:
     Cybear tracking stock, to separately track the performance of Cybear, and
     Andrx common stock, to track the performance of Andrx Corporation and its
     subsidiaries, other than its ownership of Cybear.

   2. The planned merger of Mediconsult with a wholly-owned subsidiary of
     Andrx Corporation. Upon completion of the merger, Mediconsult will be
     wholly-owned by Andrx Corporation and its results will be included in
     Cybear.

     Two sets of pro forma condensed consolidated financial data are being
presented: Andrx Corporation and Cybear. The unaudited pro forma condensed
consolidated balance sheets include the effects of the merger as if it occurred
as of September 30, 2000. Andrx Corporation's and Cybear's historical balance
sheets as of September 30, 2000 already include the effects of the
reorganization. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of
operations give effect to the reorganization and the merger as if they had
occurred at the beginning of the periods presented.

     Andrx Corporation is presenting the consolidated financial information of
Cybear in these Cybear unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial
statements. Cybear tracking stock is common stock of Andrx Corporation, but is
designed to reflect the business of Cybear. Holders of Cybear tracking stock
have no specific rights to the assets designated to Cybear. Andrx Corporation
continues to hold title to all of Cybear's assets and is responsible for all of
its liabilities, regardless of how Andrx Corporation allocates assets and
liabilities among the classes of common stocks for financial statement
presentation purposes. Holders of Cybear tracking stock are, therefore, subject
to the risks of investing in the business, assets and liabilities of Andrx
Corporation as a whole. For instance, the assets allocated to each class of
common stock are subject to Company-wide claims of creditors and stockholder
litigation.

     The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated financial data is provided
for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the
results of operations or financial position had the transactions assumed
therein occurred, nor is it necessarily indicative of the results of operations
that may be expected to occur in the future. Consummation of the merger is
subject to various conditions, including approval by stockholders of
Mediconsult. In addition to stockholder approval, the transaction will be
subject to other conditions, and accordingly, no assurance can be given that
this transaction will be consummated. Furthermore, the unaudited pro forma
condensed consolidated financial data is based upon assumptions that Andrx
Corporation believes are reasonable and should be read in conjunction with the
unaudited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto
included in Andrx Corporation's and Mediconsult's Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes thereto, included in Andrx
Corporation's, Cybear's and Mediconsult's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1999.

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
           UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                                (in thousands)

                                                        Historical
                                                ---------------------------
                                                    Andrx
                                                 Corporation   Mediconsult
                                                ------------- -------------

 ASSETS
 Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents ...................    $130,549      $    892
  Investments available-for-sale, at market
   value ......................................     212,178            --
  Accounts receivable, net ....................      76,649         5,602
  Inventories .................................      82,476            --
  Deferred income tax assets, net .............      18,431            --
  Prepaid and other current assets, net .......      10,791         1,088
                                                   --------      --------
   Total current assets .......................     531,074         7,582
 Property, plant and equipment,
  net .........................................      67,014         3,477
 Goodwill and other intangibles,
  net .........................................      13,570       157,599

 Other assets, net ............................      14,910            --
                                                   --------      --------
   Total assets ...............................    $626,568      $168,658
                                                   ========      ========

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS'
  EQUITY
 Current liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities.....    $ 84,425      $ 11,127

  Intercompany payable ........................          --            --
  Notes payable ...............................          --         2,335
                                                   --------      --------
   Total current liabilities ..................      84,425        13,462
   Total shareholders' equity .................     542,143       155,196

   Total liabilities and shareholders'
    equity ....................................    $626,568      $168,658
                                                   ========      ========

                                                                              Pro Forma
                                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                           Cybear
                                                      Purchase             Andrx         Andrx Group        Group
                                                     Accounting         Corporation       Including       Including
                                                    Adjustments      Including Merger       Merger         Merger
                                                ------------------- ------------------ --------------- --------------

 ASSETS
 Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents ...................    $         --          $131,441        $  126,779      $   4,662
  Investments available-for-sale, at market
   value ......................................              --           212,178           197,894         14,284
  Accounts receivable, net ....................              --            82,251            75,064          7,187
  Inventories .................................              --            82,476            82,476             --
  Deferred income tax assets, net .............              --            18,431            18,431             --
  Prepaid and other current assets, net .......              --            11,879             8,966(G)       4,576
                                                   ------------          --------        ----------      ---------
   Total current assets .......................              --           538,656           509,610         30,709
 Property, plant and equipment,
  net .........................................              --            70,491            60,101         10,390
 Goodwill and other intangibles,
  net .........................................           8,776 (A)        22,346                --         22,346
                                                       (157,599)(B)
 Other assets, net ............................              --            14,910            14,545(G)         425
                                                   ------------          --------        ----------      ---------
   Total assets ...............................    $   (148,823)         $646,403        $  584,256      $  63,870
                                                   ============          ========        ==========      =========

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS'
  EQUITY
 Current liabilities
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities.....    $      1,602(C)       $ 98,504        $   82,692      $  15,812
                                                          1,350 (D)
  Intercompany payable ........................              --                --                --          1,723(G)
  Notes payable ...............................          (2,335)(E)            --                --             --
                                                   ------------          --------        ----------      ---------
   Total current liabilities ..................             617            98,504            82,692         17,535
   Total shareholders' equity .................        (155,196)(A)       547,899           501,564         46,335
                                                          5,756 (F)
                                                   ------------
   Total liabilities and shareholders'
    equity ....................................    $   (148,823)         $646,403        $  584,256      $  63,870
                                                   ============          ========        ==========      =========

   The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
            balance sheets are an integral part of these statements.

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 BALANCE SHEETS
                            AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

(A) Goodwill resulting from the merger is derived as follows:

         Purchase price for Mediconsult ....................                    $5,756
         Historical net assets of Mediconsult
           at September 30, 2000 ...........................      (155,196)
         Less elimination of historical Mediconsult goodwill
           and other intangibles ...........................       157,599
         Debt converted into Mediconsult common shares
           prior to closing ................................        (2,335)
                                                                  --------
         Adjusted net liabilities acquired .................                        68
         Restructuring charges .............................                     1,602
         Transaction costs .................................                     1,350
                                                                                ------
                                                                                $8,776
                                                                                ======

  $8,776 has been allocated to goodwill and amortized over an estimated life of
   five years. This results in annual amortization of $1,755. The final
   allocation of purchase price may differ materially from amounts assumed in
   the accompanying pro forma information. An increase or decrease of $0.10 in
   Cybear's common stock price will result in an increase or decrease of
   approximately $1,151 to annual goodwill and therefore in an increase or
   decrease of approximately $230 to annual goodwill amortization.

(B) Represents the elimination of historical Mediconsult goodwill and other
   intangibles of $157,599.

(C) Reflects $1,602 of restructuring charges in connection with the merger,
   consisting of severance costs of $925 and lease terminations and payouts of
   $677. As the effect of the restructuring is non-recurring, it has not been
   included in the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of
   operations.

(D) Reflects transaction costs of $1,350 incurred as a result of the merger.

(E) Reflects the conversion of $2,335 of notes payable plus accrued interest,
   into 26,227,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock prior to the closing of
   the merger.

(F) Reflects the $5,756 purchase price of Mediconsult allocated to goodwill,
   (approximately 11,512,000 shares of Cybear tracking stock), determined
   based on the exchange ratio of 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock for
   each share of Mediconsult common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and
   an assumed Cybear tracking stock price of $0.50 per share.

(G) Includes intercompany transactions between Andrx and Cybear eliminated in
    historical Andrx Corporation financials which are shown in the respective
    group financial statements, as follows:

    Andrx Group--Prepaid and other current assets .........    $1,663
    Andrx Group--Other assets .............................    $   60
    Cybear Group--Intercompany payable ....................    $1,723

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
      UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

                                                                                            Pro Forma
                                                                                ---------------------------------
                                                                                                       Andrx
                                                                 Historical                         Corporation
                                                                    Andrx        Reorganization      Including      Historical
                                                                 Corporation       Adjustments    Reorganization    Mediconsult
                                                             ------------------ ---------------- ---------------- --------------

 Total Revenues ............................................     $ 376,305         $      33(2)    $   376,338     $    17,271
                                                                 ---------         -----------     -----------     -----------
 Operating expenses
  Cost of goods sold .......................................       214,298                --           214,298              --
  Selling, general and administrative ......................        41,968                --            41,968              --
  Research and development .................................        33,340                --            33,340              --
  Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses ..................        22,193               696 (3)        21,724          84,746
                                                                                      (1,202)(1)
                                                                                          37 (2)
  Reorganization costs .....................................         2,098            (2,098)(1)            --              --
                                                                 ---------         -----------     -----------     -----------
    Total operating expenses ...............................       313,897            (2,567)          311,330          84,746
                                                                 ---------         -----------     -----------     -----------
 Income (loss) from operations .............................        62,408             2,600            65,008         (67,475)
 Other income (expense)
  Minority interest ........................................         4,146            (4,146)(4)            --              --
  Interest income ..........................................         8,813                --             8,813             122
  Interest expense .........................................          (735)               --              (735)             --
                                                                 ---------         -----------     -----------     -----------
 Income (loss) before income taxes .........................        74,632            (1,546)           73,086         (67,353)
 Income taxes ..............................................        30,762            (3,463)(6)        27,299              --
                                                                 ---------         -----------     -----------     -----------
 Net income (loss) .........................................     $  43,870         $   1,917       $    45,787     $   (67,353)
                                                                 =========         ===========     ===========     ===========
 Net income (loss) used in Andrx and/or Mediconsult per
  share calculations .......................................     $  49,169                         $    65,554     $   (67,353)
                                                                 =========                         ===========     ===========
 Basic income (loss) per share .............................     $    0.75                         $      0.99     $     (1.28)
                                                                 =========                         ===========     ===========
 Diluted income (loss) per share ...........................     $    0.72                         $      0.96     $     (1.28)
                                                                 =========                         ===========     ===========
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding .................     65,892,000                         65,892,000      52,655,000
                                                                 ==========                        ===========     ===========
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding ...............     68,629,000                         68,629,000      52,655,000
                                                                 ==========                        ===========     ===========
 Net loss used in Cybear per shares calculations ...........     $  (5,299)(7)                     $   (19,767)
                                                                 ==========                        ===========
 Basic and diluted net loss per Cybear common stock ........     $   (0.35)                        $     (1.30)
                                                                 ==========                        ===========
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding .....     15,203,000                         15,203,000
                                                                 ==========                        ===========

  The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
              operations are an integral part of these statements

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
      UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

                                                                                          Pro Forma
                                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                      Andrx
                                                                                   Corporation      Andrx Group     Cybear Group
                                                                  Purchase          Including        Including       Including
                                                                 Accounting      Reorganization   Reorganization   Reorganization
                                                                Adjustments        and Merger       and Merger       and Merger
                                                            ------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ---------------

Total Revenues ............................................    $        --        $   393,609        $372,475        $  21,134
                                                               -----------        -----------        --------        ---------
Operating expenses
 Cost of goods sold .......................................             --            214,298         210,873            3,425
 Selling, general and administrative ......................             --             41,968          41,968               --
 Research and development .................................             --             33,340          33,340               --
 Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses ..................         (1,536)(8)         75,932              --           75,932
                                                                     1,316 (9)
                                                                   (30,318)(9)
 Reorganization costs .....................................                                --              --               --
                                                                                  -----------        --------        ---------
   Total operating expenses ...............................        (30,538)           365,538         286,181           79,357
                                                               -----------        -----------        --------        ---------
Income (loss) from operations .............................         30,538             28,071          86,294          (58,223)
Other income (expense)
 Minority interest ........................................             --                 --              --               --
 Interest income ..........................................           (193)(10)         8,742           7,294            1,448
 Interest expense .........................................             --               (735)           (735)              --
                                                               -----------        -----------        --------        ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes .........................         30,345             36,078          92,853          (56,775)
Income taxes ..............................................        (13,632)(11)        13,667          13,667               --
                                                               -----------        -----------        --------        ---------
Net income (loss) .........................................    $    43,977        $    22,411        $ 79,186        $ (56,775)
                                                               ===========        ===========        ========        =========
Net income (loss) used in Andrx and/or Mediconsult per
 share calculations .......................................                       $    79,186
                                                                                  ===========
Basic income (loss) per share .............................                       $      1.20
                                                                                  ===========
Diluted income (loss) per share ...........................                       $      1.15
                                                                                  ===========
Basic weighted average shares outstanding .................                        65,892,000
                                                                                  ===========
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding ...............                        68,629,000
                                                                                  ===========
Net loss used in Cybear per shares calculations ...........                       $   (56,775)
                                                                                  ===========
Basic and diluted net loss per Cybear common stock ........                       $     (2.14)
                                                                                  ===========
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding .....                        26,490,000
                                                                                  ===========

  The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
              operations are an integral part of these statements

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
      UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

                                                                                           Pro Forma
                                                                               ---------------------------------
                                                                                                      Andrx
                                                                  Historical                       Corporation
                                                                     Andrx      Reorganization      Including      Historical
                                                                  Corporation     Adjustments    Reorganization    Mediconsult
                                                                -------------- ---------------- ---------------- --------------

Total Revenues ................................................  $   475,990      $      --       $   475,990     $     6,362
                                                                 -----------      ---------       -----------     -----------
Operating expenses
 Cost of goods sold ...........................................      235,346             --           235,346              --
 Selling, general and administrative ..........................       55,266             --            55,266              --
 Research and development .....................................       25,697             --            25,697              --
 Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses ......................       14,744          1,045 (3)        15,902          34,188
                                                                                        113 (2)
                                                                                  ---------
   Total operating expenses ...................................      331,053          1,158           332,211          34,188
                                                                 -----------      ---------       -----------     -----------
Income (loss) from operations .................................      144,937         (1,158)          143,779         (27,826)
Other income (expense)
 Minority interest ............................................        1,937         (1,937)(4)            --              --
 Gain on sale of Cybear Inc. shares ...........................          643           (643)(5)            --              --
 Interest income ..............................................        3,603             --             3,603           1,542
 Interest expense .............................................       (1,661)          (216)(2)        (1,877)             --
                                                                 -----------      ---------       -----------     -----------
Income (loss) before income taxes .............................      149,459         (3,954)          145,505         (26,284)
Income taxes ..................................................       55,405         (1,181)(6)        54,224              --
                                                                 -----------      ---------       -----------     -----------
Net income (loss) .............................................       94,054         (2,773)           91,281         (26,284)
Dividends on preferred stock ..................................           --             --                --            (945)
                                                                 -----------      ---------       -----------     -----------
Net income (loss) allocated to common shareholders ............  $    94,054      $  (2,773)      $    91,281     $   (27,229)
                                                                 ===========      =========       ===========     ===========
Net income (loss) used in Andrx and/or Mediconsult per
 share calculations ...........................................  $   105,385                      $   105,924     $   (27,229)
                                                                 ===========                      ===========     ===========
Basic income (loss) per share .................................  $      1.70                      $      1.71     $     (1.02)
                                                                 ===========                      ===========     ===========
Diluted income (loss) per share ...............................  $      1.62                      $      1.63     $     (1.02)
                                                                 ===========                      ===========     ===========
Basic weighted average shares outstanding .....................   61,979,800                       61,979,800      26,711,900
                                                                 ===========                      ===========     ===========
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding ...................   64,953,200                       64,953,200      26,711,900
                                                                 ===========                      ===========     ===========
Net loss used in Cybear per shares calculations ...............  $   (10,774)                     $   (14,643)
                                                                 ===========                      ===========
Basic and diluted net loss per Cybear common stock ............  $     (0.70)                     $     (1.09)
                                                                 ===========                      ===========
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding .........   15,470,000                       13,411,300
                                                                 ===========                      ===========

 The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
              operations are an integral part of these statements

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
      UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

                                                                    Pro Forma
                                                               -------------------
                                                                     Purchase
                                                                    Accounting
                                                                   Adjustments
                                                               -------------------

 Revenues ....................................................    $        --
                                                                  -----------
 Operating expenses
  Cost of goods sold .........................................             --
  Selling, general and administrative ........................             --
  Research and development ...................................             --
  Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses ....................         (2,031)(8)
                                                                        1,755 (9)
                                                                       (3,132)(9)
                                                                  -----------
    Total operating expenses .................................         (3,408)
                                                                  -----------

 Income (loss) from operations ...............................          3,408
 Other income (expense)
  Minority interest ..........................................             --
  Gain on sale of Cybear Inc. shares .........................             --
  Interest income ............................................            (43)(10)
  Interest expense ...........................................             --
                                                                  -----------
 Income (loss) before income taxes ...........................          3,365
 Income taxes ................................................         (8,550)(11)
                                                                  -----------
 Net income (loss) ...........................................         11,915

 Dividends on preferred stock ................................             --
                                                                  -----------
 Net income (loss) allocated to common shareholders ..........    $    11,915
                                                                  ===========
 Net income (loss) used in Andrx and/or Mediconsult per
  share calculations .........................................
 Basic income (loss) per share ...............................
 Diluted income (loss) per share .............................
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding ...................
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding .................
 Net loss used in Cybear per shares calculations .............
 Basic and diluted net loss per Cybear common stock ..........
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding .......

                                                                                   Pro Forma
                                                               -------------------------------------------------
                                                                     Andrx
                                                                  Corporation      Andrx Group     Cybear Group
                                                                   Including        Including       Including
                                                                Reorganization   Reorganization   Reorganization
                                                                  and Merger       and Merger       and Merger
                                                               ---------------- ---------------- ---------------

 Revenues ....................................................   $    482,352       $475,720        $   6,632
                                                                 ------------       --------        ---------
 Operating expenses
  Cost of goods sold .........................................        235,346        235,269               77
  Selling, general and administrative ........................         55,266         55,266               --
  Research and development ...................................         25,697         25,697               --
  Cybear Inc. Internet operating expenses ....................         46,682             --           46,682

    Total operating expenses .................................        362,991        316,232           46,759
                                                                 ------------       --------        ---------

 Income (loss) from operations ...............................        119,361        159,488          (40,127)
 Other income (expense)
  Minority interest ..........................................             --             --               --
  Gain on sale of Cybear Inc. shares .........................             --             --               --
  Interest income ............................................          5,102          2,321            2,781
  Interest expense ...........................................         (1,877)        (1,661)            (216)
                                                                 ------------       --------        ---------
 Income (loss) before income taxes ...........................        122,586        160,148          (37,562)
 Income taxes ................................................         45,674         45,674               --
                                                                 ------------       --------        ---------
 Net income (loss) ...........................................         76,912        114,474          (37,562)

 Dividends on preferred stock ................................           (945)            --             (945)
                                                                 ------------       --------        ---------
 Net income (loss) allocated to common shareholders ..........   $     75,967       $114,474        $ (38,507)
                                                                 ============       ========        =========
 Net income (loss) used in Andrx and/or Mediconsult per
  share calculations .........................................   $    114,474
                                                                 ============
 Basic income (loss) per share ...............................   $       1.85
                                                                 ============
 Diluted income (loss) per share .............................   $       1.76
                                                                 ============
 Basic weighted average shares outstanding ...................     61,979,800
                                                                 ============
 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding .................     64,953,200
                                                                 ============
 Net loss used in Cybear per shares calculations .............   $    (38,507)
                                                                 ============
 Basic and diluted net loss per Cybear common stock ..........   $      (1.69)
                                                                 ============
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding .......     22,780,000
                                                                 ============

  The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
              operations are an integral part of these statements

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
              NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                      AND THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
             (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

   (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2000, reflects the elimination
     of fees and expenses of $2,098 and $1,202 incurred by Andrx and Cybear,
     respectively, in connection with the reorganization. As the effect of the
     costs is non-recurring, they have been eliminated in the unaudited pro
     forma condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months
     ended September 30, 2000.

   (2) Reflects eliminations for intercompany transactions between Andrx and
     Cybear prior to the reorganization.

   (3) Reflects the additional amortization of reorganization goodwill of $696
     for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $1,045 for the year ended
     December 31, 1999. Such goodwill is amortized on a straight-line basis
     over an estimated life of ten years.

   (4) Reflects the elimination of the historical minority interest resulting
     from the minority ownership of Cybear which is eliminated as a result of
     the reorganization.

   (5) To eliminate gain on sale of Cybear shares to Cybear's chairman
     pursuant to an existing subscription agreement.

     (6) Represents the income tax benefit allocated to Andrx pursuant to the
reorganization as follows:

                                                             Nine Months Ended        Year Ended
                                                            September 30, 2000     December 31, 1999
                                                           --------------------   ------------------

       Pre-tax pro forma reorganization for Andrx
        Corporation ....................................         $ 73,086             $ 145,505
       Nondeductible goodwill amortization .............              696                 1,045
                                                                 --------             ---------
       Adjusted net income before income taxes .........           73,782               146,550
       Federal and state statutory rate ................               37%                   37%
                                                                 --------             ---------
       Income tax ......................................           27,299                54,224
       Historical income tax ...........................           30,762                55,405
                                                                 --------             ---------
       Income tax benefit ..............................         $ (3,463)            $  (1,181)
                                                                 ========             =========

   (7) Cybear's historical basic and diluted net loss per share for the nine
     months ended September 30, 2000 reflects only the $5,299 of net loss
     attributable to the period subsequent to the reorganization (from
     September 7, 2000 to September 30, 2000). Andrx's historical earnings per
     share for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 includes its ownership
     for the period prior to the reorganization (from January 1, 2000 to
     September 6, 2000).

   (8) Represents the reversal of compensation expense relating to options
     granted to Mediconsult employees (as measured by SFAS 123) amounting to
     $1,536 for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $2,031 for the
     year ended December 31, 1999. Since Andrx Corporation uses APB 25 to
     account for stock options granted to employees, no compensation charges
     would have been recorded.

                      ANDRX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
              NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                      AND THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
             (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

    (9) Represents amortization of the Mediconsult goodwill resulting from the
      merger of $1,316 for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $1,755
      for the year ended December 31, 1999 and the elimination of historical
      goodwill amortization of $30,318 for the nine months ended September 30,
      2000 and $3,132 for the year ended December 31, 1999. (See Note A to the
      unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheets.)

   (10) Represents the reversal of interest expense of $193 for the nine
      months ended September 30, 2000 and $43 for the year ended December 31,
      1999 relating to notes payable which will be converted into Mediconsult
      common stock in connection with the merger.

   (11) Represents the income tax benefit resulting from historical
      Mediconsult net losses allocated to Andrx Group pursuant to the terms of
      the merger as follows:

                                                               Nine Months Ended        Year Ended
                                                              September 30, 2000     December 31, 1999
                                                             --------------------   ------------------

       Historical Mediconsult loss before income
        taxes ............................................        $ (67,353)            $ (26,284)
       Historical nondeductible goodwill amortization.....           30,318                 3,132
       Tax effect of other purchase accounting
        adjustments ......................................              193                    43
                                                                  ---------             ---------
       Loss before income taxes ..........................          (36,842)              (23,109)
       Federal and state statutory rate ..................               37%                   37%
                                                                  ---------             ---------
       Income tax benefit ................................        $ (13,632)            $  (8,550)
                                                                  =========             =========

                                    CYBEAR
           UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                                (in thousands)

                                                                                                         Pro Forma
                                                                                              -------------------------------
                                                                         Historical                 Purchase
                                                                 --------------------------        Accounting         Cybear
                                                                   Cybear      Mediconsult        Adjustments         Group
                                                                 ----------   -------------   -------------------   ---------

    ASSETS
    Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents ...............................    $ 3,770        $    892        $        --         $ 4,662
     Investments available-for-sale, at market value .........     14,284              --                 --          14,284
     Accounts receivable, net ................................      1,585           5,602                 --           7,187
     Convertible notes receivable, net .......................      3,000              --                 --           3,000
     Prepaid and other current assets ........................        488           1,088                 --           1,576
                                                                  -------        --------        -----------         -------
       Total current assets ..................................     23,127           7,582                 --          30,709
    Property and equipment, net ..............................      6,913           3,477                 --          10,390
    Goodwill and other intangibles, net ......................     13,570         157,599              8,776 (A)      22,346
                                                                                                    (157,599)(B)
    Other assets, net ........................................        425              --                 --             425
                                                                  -------        --------        -----------         -------
       Total assets ..........................................    $44,035        $168,658        $  (148,823)        $63,870
                                                                  =======        ========        ===========         =======
    LIABILITIES AND
     SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
    Current liabilities:
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ................    $ 1,733        $ 11,127        $     1,602(C)      $15,812
                                                                                                       1,350 (D)
     Intercompany payable ....................................      1,723              --                 --           1,723
     Notes payable ...........................................         --           2,335             (2,335)(E)          --
                                                                  -------        --------        -----------         -------
       Total current liabilities .............................      3,456          13,462                617          17,535
    Shareholders' equity .....................................     40,579         155,196           (155,196)(A)      46,335
                                                                                                       5,756 (F)
                                                                                                 -----------
       Total liabilities and shareholders' equity ............    $44,035        $168,658        $  (148,823)        $63,870
                                                                  =======        ========        ===========         =======

The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
                                 balance sheets
                    are an integral part of these statements

                                    CYBEAR
       NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                            AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
             (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

   (A) Goodwill resulting from the merger is derived as follows:

         Purchase price for Mediconsult ......................                    $5,756
         Historical net assets of Mediconsult at September 30,
           2000 ..............................................      (155,196)
         Less elimination historical Mediconsult goodwill and
           other intangibles .................................       157,599
         Debt converted into Mediconsult common shares prior
           to closing ........................................        (2,335)
                                                                    --------
         Adjusted net liabilities acquired ...................                        68
         Restructuring charges ...............................                     1,602
         Transaction costs ...................................                     1,350
                                                                                  ------
                                                                                  $8,776
                                                                                  ======

     $8,776 has been allocated to goodwill and amortized over an estimated
      life of five years. This results in annual amortization of $1,755. The
      final allocation of purchase price may differ materially from amounts
      assumed in the accompanying pro forma information. An increase or
      decrease of $0.10 in Cybear's common stock price will result in an
      increase or decrease of approximately $1,151 to annual goodwill and
      therefore in an increase or decrease of approximately $230 to annual
      goodwill amortization.

     (B) Represents elimination of historical Mediconsult goodwill and other
 intangibles of $157,599.

   (C) Reflects $1,602 of restructuring charges in connection with the merger,
       consisting of severance costs of $925 and lease terminations and payouts
       of $677. As the effect of the restructuring is non-recurring, it has not
       been included in the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
       statements of operations.

     (D) Reflects transaction costs of $1,350 incurred as a result of the
       merger.

   (E) Reflects the conversion of $2,335 of notes payable plus accrued
       interest, into 26,227,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock prior to
       closing of the merger.

   (F) Reflects the $5,756 purchase price of Mediconsult allocated to
       goodwill, (approximately 11,512,000 shares of Cybear tracking stock),
       determined based on the exchange ratio (0.1430) of shares of Cybear
       tracking stock for each share of Mediconsult common stock pursuant to
       the merger agreement and an assumed Cybear tracking stock price of $0.50
       per share.

                                    CYBEAR
       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

                                                            Pro Forma        Pro Forma
                                                             Cybear           Cybear
                                            Historical   Reorganization      Including
                                              Cybear       Adjustments    Reorganization
                                           ------------ ---------------- ----------------

Total Revenues ...........................  $   3,863     $       --        $   3,863
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Operating expenses
 Cost of revenues ........................      3,425             --            3,425
 Network operations and operations
   support ...............................      3,276             --            3,276
 Product development .....................      2,515             --            2,515
 Selling, general and administrative .....      6,652             --            6,652
 Depreciation and amortization ...........      2,563            696 (2)        3,259

 Merger costs ............................      1,202         (1,202)(1)           --
 Other non-recurring charges .............      6,022             --            6,022
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Total operating expenses .................     25,655           (506)          25,149
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Income (loss) from operations ............    (21,792)           506          (21,286)
Other income (expense):
 Interest income, net ....................      1,519             --            1,519
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes ........    (20,273)           506          (19,767)
Income tax benefit .......................         --             --               --
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Net income (loss) ........................  $ (20,273)    $      506        $ (19,767)
                                            =========     ==========        =========

                                                                              Pro Forma
                                                             Pro Forma          Cybear
                                                              Purchase        Including
                                             Historical      Accounting     Reorganization
                                            Mediconsult     Adjustments       and Merger
                                           ------------- ----------------- ---------------

Total Revenues ...........................   $  17,271     $        --        $  21,134
                                             ---------     -----------        ---------
Operating expenses
 Cost of revenues ........................          --              --            3,425
 Network operations and operations
   support ...............................          --              --            3,276
 Product development .....................      19,753              --           22,268
 Selling, general and administrative .....      21,164          (1,536)(4)       26,280
 Depreciation and amortization ...........      32,440           1,316 (5)        6,697
                                                               (30,318)(5)
 Merger costs ............................          --              --               --
 Other non-recurring charges .............      11,389              --           17,411
                                             ---------     -----------        ---------
Total operating expenses .................      84,746         (30,538)          79,357
                                             ---------     -----------        ---------
Income (loss) from operations ............     (67,475)         30,538          (58,223)
Other income (expense):
 Interest income, net ....................         122            (193)(6)        1,448
                                             ---------     -----------        ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes ........     (67,353)         30,345          (56,775)
Income tax benefit .......................          --              --               --
                                             ---------     -----------        ---------
Net income (loss) ........................   $ (67,353)    $    30,345        $ (56,775)
                                             =========     ===========        =========

  The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
              operations are an integral part of these statements

                                    CYBEAR
       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
            (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

                                                            Pro Forma        Pro Forma
                                                             Cybear           Cybear
                                            Historical   Reorganization      Including
                                              Cybear       Adjustments    Reorganization
                                           ------------ ---------------- ----------------

Total Revenues ...........................  $     270     $       --        $     270
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Operating expenses
 Cost of revenues ........................         77             --               77
 Network operations and operations
  support ................................      2,972             --            2,972
 Product development .....................      3,058             --            3,058
 Selling, general and administrative .....      7,271             --            7,271
 Depreciation and amortization ...........      1,556          1,045 (2)        2,601

Total operating expenses .................     14,934          1,045           15,979
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Loss from operations .....................    (14,664)        (1,045)         (15,709)
Other income (expense)
 Interest income, net ....................      1,282             --            1,282
 Interest expense on advances from
  Andrx ..................................       (216)            --             (216)
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Loss before income taxes .................    (13,598)        (1,045)         (14,643)
Income tax benefit .......................      2,824         (2,824)(3)           --
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Net loss .................................    (10,774)        (3,869)         (14,643)
Dividends on preferred stock .............         --             --               --
                                            ---------     ----------        ---------
Net income (loss) allocated to common
 shareholders ............................  $ (10,774)    $   (3,869)       $ (14,643)
                                            =========     ==========        =========

                                                                              Pro Forma
                                                             Pro Forma          Cybear
                                                              Purchase        Including
                                             Historical      Accounting     Reorganization
                                            Mediconsult     Adjustments       and Merger
                                           ------------- ----------------- ---------------

Total Revenues ...........................   $   6,362      $       --        $   6,632
                                             ---------      ----------        ---------
Operating expenses
 Cost of revenues ........................          --              --               77
 Network operations and operations
  support ................................          --              --            2,972
 Product development .....................       7,574              --           10,632
 Selling, general and administrative .....      22,856          (2,031)(4)       28,096
 Depreciation and amortization ...........       3,758           1,755 (5)        4,982
                                                                (3,132)(5)
                                                            ----------
Total operating expenses .................      34,188          (3,408)          46,759
                                             ---------      ----------        ---------
Loss from operations .....................     (27,826)          3,408          (40,127)
Other income (expense)
 Interest income, net ....................       1,542             (43)(6)        2,781
 Interest expense on advances from
  Andrx ..................................          --              --             (216)
                                             ---------      ----------        ---------
Loss before income taxes .................     (26,284)          3,365          (37,562)
Income tax benefit .......................          --              --               --
                                             ---------      ----------        ---------
Net loss .................................     (26,284)          3,365          (37,562)
Dividends on preferred stock .............        (945)             --             (945)
                                             ---------      ----------        ---------
Net income (loss) allocated to common
 shareholders ............................   $ (27,229)     $    3,365        $ (38,507)
                                             =========      ==========        =========

  The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
              operations are an integral part of these statements

                                    CYBEAR
              NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
        FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000 AND THE YEAR ENDED
                               DECEMBER 31, 1999
             (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)

   (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2000, reflects the elimination
      of fees and expenses of $1,202 incurred by Cybear in connection with the
      reorganization. As the effect of the costs is non-recurring, they have
      been eliminated in the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
      statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2000.

   (2) Reflects the additional amortization of reorganization goodwill of $696
      for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $1,045 for the year
      ended December 31, 1999. Such goodwill is amortized on a straight-line
      basis over an estimated life of ten years.

   (3) For the year ended December 31, 1999, reflects the elimination of
      Cybear's historical $2,824 income tax benefit which would not have been
      used by Cybear on a separate income tax return basis as required by the
      new tax sharing agreement between Cybear and Andrx pursuant to the
      reorganization.

   (4) Represents the reversal of compensation expense relating to options
      granted to Mediconsult employees (as measured by SFAS 123) amounting to
      $1,536 for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $2,031 for the
      year ended December 31, 1999. Since Cybear uses APB 25 to account for
      stock options granted to employees, no compensation expense would have
      been recorded.

   (5) Represents amortization of the Mediconsult goodwill resulting from the
      merger of $1,316 for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and $1,755
      for the year ended December 31, 1999 and the elimination of historical
      goodwill amortization of $30,318 for the nine months ended September 30,
      2000 and $3,132 for the year ended December 31, 1999. (See Note A to the
      unaudited proforma condensed consolidated balance sheets.)

   (6) Represents the reversal of interest expense of $193 for the nine months
      ended September 30, 2000 and $43 for the year ended December 31, 1999
      relating to notes payable which were converted into Mediconsult common
      stock in connection with the merger.

                  UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION

     We present below per common share data regarding the income (loss), cash
dividends declared and book value of Andrx Corporation, Andrx, Cybear and
Mediconsult on both historical and unaudited pro forma consolidated bases and
on a per share equivalent unaudited pro forma basis for Mediconsult. We have
generally derived the unaudited pro forma consolidated per share information
from the unaudited pro forma consolidated condensed financial statements
presented elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. You should read the
information below in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying
notes of Andrx Corporation, Andrx and Cybear that are incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/prospectus and with the financial statements and
accompanying notes of Mediconsult in this proxy statement/prospectus and with
the unaudited pro forma consolidated information included under "Pro Forma
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements."

                                                                    Nine Months Ended        Year ended
                                                                   September 30, 2000     December 31, 1999
                                                                  --------------------   ------------------

Andrx Corporation Historical:
 Andrx:
 Net income per common share:
  Basic .......................................................         $   0.75              $   1.52
  Diluted .....................................................             0.72                  1.45
 Cash dividends declared per common share(1) ..................               --                    --
 Book value per common share, end of period ...................             7.25                  3.51
Cybear:
 Net loss per common share:
  Basic .......................................................         $  (0.35)               N/A
  Diluted .....................................................            (0.35)               N/A
 Cash dividends declared per common share(1) ..................               --                N/A
 Book value per common share, end of period ...................             2.67                N/A
Mediconsult Historical:
Net loss per common share:
 Basic ........................................................         $  (1.28)             $  (1.02)
 Diluted ......................................................            (1.28)                (1.02)
Cash dividends declared per common share(1) ...................               --                    --
Book value per common share, end of period ....................             2.86                  4.16
Pro Forma Including Reorganization and Merger:
 Andrx:
 Net income per common share:
  Basic .......................................................         $   1.20              $   1.85
  Diluted .....................................................             1.15                  1.76
 Cash dividends declared per common share(1) ..................               --                    --
 Book value per common share, end of period ...................             7.25                  2.88
Cybear:
 Net loss per common share:
  Basic .......................................................         $  (2.14)             $  (1.69)
  Diluted .....................................................            (2.14)                (1.69)
 Cash dividends declared per common share(1) ..................               --                    --
 Book value per common share, end of period ...................             1.75                  2.62
Mediconsult Per Share Equivalent Pro Forma(2):
Net loss per common share:
 Basic ........................................................         $  (0.31)             $  (0.24)
 Diluted ......................................................            (0.31)                (0.24)
Cash dividends declared per common share(1) ...................               --                    --
Book value per common share, end of period ....................             0.25                  0.37

- ---------------
(1) Mediconsult does not currently intend to pay dividends on its common stock
    and Andrx Corporation does not currently intend to pay dividends on its
    two classes of common stock.

(2) The Mediconsult per share equivalent pro forma data are calculated by
    multiplying the Cybear per share amounts by 0.1430, the exchange ratio for
    the Cybear tracking stock. The Cybear share equivalents remain unchanged,
    as the exchange ratio of Cybear tracking stock is one to one. The Andrx
    share equivalents remain unchanged as the Mediconsult merger is allocated
    only to the Cybear business unit.

                                 RISK FACTORS

     In addition to the other information included and incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully consider the
following risk factors relating to the merger before you decide whether to vote
to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

Risks Related to the Merger

     Mediconsult stockholders may never receive 20% of the shares of Cybear
tracking stock to be issued in the merger.

     Twenty percent of the shares of Cybear tracking stock that would otherwise
be received by the Mediconsult stockholders in the merger may be subject to an
adjustment. Andrx Corporation may adjust the number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock each Mediconsult stockholder will receive by an agreed upon
number if the closing date audited balance sheet varies from the Mediconsult
stockholders' equity amount represented in the merger agreement. The closing
date balance sheet is to be audited by Andrx Corporation's independent
certified public accountants. Therefore, the Mediconsult stockholders may never
receive 20% of the shares of Cybear tracking stock to be issued in the merger
or may receive less than the full 20% if there is an adjustment.

     Tax-free treatment of the merger.

     Although the merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization
for federal income tax purposes, there can be no assurance that the IRS will
treat the merger as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. If the IRS were
to successfully challenge the federal income tax treatment of the merger
discussed herein, each Mediconsult stockholder would be required to recognize
taxable gain or loss with respect to the Mediconsult common stock surrendered
in the merger.

     Cybear may face challenges in integrating Mediconsult's business into
Cybear and, as a result, may not realize the expected benefits of the
anticipated merger.

     Integrating the operations and personnel of Cybear and Mediconsult will be
a complex process, and Cybear is uncertain that the integration will be
completed rapidly or that it will achieve the anticipated benefits of the
merger. The successful integration of the businesses of the two companies will
require, among other things, integration of the sales and marketing groups and
coordination of development efforts, systems and technology. The diversion of
the attention of management and any difficulties encountered in the process of
combining the businesses of the two companies could cause the disruption of, or
a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined business. Further, the
process of combining the two businesses of the companies could negatively
affect employee morale and the ability of the combined business to retain some
of its key employees after the merger. The inability to successfully integrate
the operations and personnel of Cybear and Mediconsult, or any significant
delay in achieving integration, could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and operating results of the combined business
after the merger.

Risks Related to Cybear

     Cybear has a limited operating history and a history of net losses and
there is no assurance that Cybear will report net income in the future.

     A potential investor in Cybear tracking stock should consider the risks,
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by businesses such as Cybear,
particularly in the new and rapidly evolving market for Internet products,
content and services. There can be no assurance that Cybear will be successful
in addressing these risks. Since its inception, Cybear has been primarily
engaged in product development activities. Cybear has not yet generated any
significant revenues from product sales or any other services. In addition,
Cybear has incurred significant net losses and negative cash flow from
operations since inception.

     Cybear is still in an early stage and may experience difficulties in
developing and commercializing its products.

     Cybear faces all of the risks, uncertainties, expenses, delays, problems
and difficulties typically encountered in establishing a new business and
developing and commercializing new products. Cybear has limited experience in
developing and commercializing software and Internet-based products. It does
not know the potential performance or market acceptance of products that it may
introduce. It is possible that Cybear will have unanticipated expenses,
problems or technical difficulties that could cause material delays in product
commercialization.

     Cybear's operating losses have increased in recent quarters. Cybear
intends to continue to spend in the areas of product development, network
operations, sales and marketing, customer support and administration. As a
result, it expects to continue to incur substantial operating losses for the
foreseeable future, and it may not achieve or sustain profitability.

     Cybear will need to gain market acceptance in order to generate meaningful
revenues and become profitable.

     Cybear cannot be certain that it can achieve sufficient revenues in
relation to its expenses to ever become profitable. Cybear will not generate
any meaningful revenues until and unless its products gain market acceptance by
physicians and other participants in the healthcare industry. Cybear cannot
guarantee that physicians and other participants in the healthcare industry
will accept its products, or even the Internet, as a replacement for
traditional methods of communication and as a source of information and
administrative services. Market acceptance of its products will depend upon
continued growth in the use of the Internet generally and, in particular, as a
source of communications, information and administrative services for the
healthcare industry.

     Cybear anticipates its revenues to be generated primarily from:

     o e-commerce sales of products ordered through the Internet under an
   arrangement with Andrx;

     o transaction fees derived from the use of productivity applications by
   healthcare providers;

     o web developing and hosting fees; and

     o subscriber fees from the users of its products.

     Cybear's revenues to date have been primarily generated from the sale of
products pursuant to an arrangement with Andrx. The Southeast Regional office
of the SEC has commenced a formal private investigation of Cybear, primarily
focusing on Cybear's revenue reporting and internal controls with respect to
Cybearclub LC, the joint venture between Cybear and Andrx intended to promote
the distribution of certain healthcare products through the Internet. Andrx and
Cybear are cooperating voluntarily with the SEC.

     Cybear's business model is still evolving and it is unable to predict the
amount and timing of revenues. If Cybear does achieve profitability, it cannot
be certain that it can sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or
annual basis in the future.

     Andrx Corporation has recently been notified that the Cybear tracking
stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market, which could cause the
Cybear tracking stock price to fall and decrease the liquidity of the Cybear
tracking stock.

     The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. recently notified Andrx Corporation that the
Cybear tracking stock is not in compliance with the continued listing
requirements of the Nasdaq National Market because the Cybear tracking stock
failed to maintain a bid price of $1.00 for a minimum of 30 consecutive trading
days. Unless Cybear tracking stock is in compliance with the minimum bid price
requirement on or prior to February 21, 2001 (subject to certain exclusions for
appeal), the Cybear

tracking stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and will likely
trade in the over-the-counter market on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board or
through the "pink sheets." In such event, a stockholder may find it more
difficult to obtain a price quotation for or sell Cybear tracking stock.
Therefore, delisting of the Cybear tracking stock from the Nasdaq National
Market may have an adverse impact on the market price and liquidity of the
Cybear tracking stock.

     The trading price of the Cybear tracking stock has been less than $5.00
per share since it was issued, and therefore, upon delisting from the Nasdaq
National Market, Cybear tracking stock will come within the definition of a
"penny stock." In such event, Cybear tracking stock will be subject to the
penny stock rules and regulations which require additional disclosure by
broker-dealers in connection with any trades involving a penny stock. The
additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers may restrict the ability of
broker-dealers to sell Cybear tracking stock and may affect a stockholder's
ability to resell Cybear tracking stock.

     Cybear may need additional capital to continue its business.

     Cybear believes that its existing capital resources may be sufficient to
enable it to meet its anticipated working capital and capital expenditure
requirements for the balance of 2001. Cybear expects negative cash flows and
net losses to continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, Cybear may need
to raise additional capital through public or private debt or equity financing
or through funding from Andrx Corporation, and has no agreements or
arrangements with respect to raising that capital with Andrx Corporation or any
other party. Additional funding, whether obtained through public or private
debt or equity financing, may not be available when required or may not be
available on terms favorable to Cybear, if at all. If additional financing is
not available, Cybear may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or
all of its product development and deployment programs.

     The market price of Cybear tracking stock may fluctuate widely.

     The market price of the Cybear tracking stock may fluctuate widely in
response to a number of events and factors such as:

     o quarterly changes in results of operations of Cybear;

   o announcements of new technological innovations and new products and
      properties by Cybear or its competitors;

     o changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities
      analysts;

   o the operating and stock price performance of companies that investors may
      deem comparable to Cybear;

   o the board of directors of Andrx Corporation making determinations
      relating to a variety of cash management and allocation matters;

     o the variable voting power of Cybear tracking stock relative to Andrx
      common stock;

     o news relating to trends in Cybear's markets; and

     o general economic conditions.

     The stock market and specifically the stock of Internet companies have
been very volatile. This volatility is often not related to the operating
performance of the companies. This broad market volatility and industry
volatility may reduce the price of Cybear tracking stock, without regard to
Cybear's performance. In addition, Cybear's operating results may be below the
expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such event, there
would be a high possibility that the market price of Cybear tracking stock
would decrease.

     Cybear will not be able to attract users if it fails to establish and
maintain awareness of its products.

     In order to increase its user base, Cybear must establish, maintain and
strengthen the awareness of its products. For it to be successful in
establishing this awareness, healthcare providers must perceive Cybear products
as offering quality, cost-effective information and services, and medical
suppliers, pharmaceutical companies and other vendors to the healthcare
industry must perceive its products as being an effective marketing and sales
channel for their products and services. Cybear's business could be materially
adversely affected if its marketing efforts are not productive.

     Cybear needs to continue product development in order to attract and
retain users.

     If Cybear is unable to develop its products as planned, it will not be
able to attract and retain users, which will impact its ability to generate
revenue.

     Cybear's first product dr.cybear was introduced in March 1999 but still
needs further development. Other Cybear products have not yet been introduced
and are still under development. Cybear will have to commit considerable time,
effort and resources to finalize development and adapt its software to satisfy
specific requirements of potential customers. Cybear product development
efforts may not be successfully completed on a timely basis or at all. Cybear
may not be able to successfully adapt its software to satisfy specific
requirements of potential customers, and Cybear cannot guarantee that
unanticipated events will not occur which would result in increased costs or
material delays in product development or commercialization.

     Technologies as complex as those incorporated into its products may
contain errors that become apparent during commercial use. Remedying product
errors could delay its plans and cause Cybear to incur substantial additional
costs.

     Competition could hamper Cybear's ability to build its user base resulting
in insufficient revenues, which would adversely affect its business.

     Both the ISP market and the ASP market are extremely competitive. Cybear's
competitors include online services or websites targeted to the healthcare
community, general purpose ISPs, publishers and distributors of offline media
targeted to the healthcare community, healthcare information companies and
large data processing and information companies. Any pricing pressures, reduced
margins or loss of market share resulting from its failure to compete
effectively would materially adversely affect its business, financial condition
and operating results. Cybear may not have the financial resources, technical
expertise or marketing and support capabilities to compete successfully.

     Cybear expects competition in its market to increase significantly as new
companies enter the market and current competitors expand their product lines
and services. Many of these potential competitors are likely to enjoy
substantial competitive advantages, including:

   o greater financial, technical and marketing resources that can be devoted
      to the development, promotion and sale of their services;

     o stronger strategic relationships;

     o longer operating histories;

     o greater name recognition; and

     o larger user bases.

     Cybear will not be successful if Internet usage for business and
e-commerce does not increase.

     Cybear's success depends on the increased acceptance and use of the
Internet, which is uncertain. Internet usage in Cybear's business area is at an
early stage of development and is rapidly evolving. The adoption of the
Internet for commerce, particularly by those individuals and companies in the
healthcare industry that historically have relied upon traditional means of
commerce, will require a broad acceptance of new methods of conducting business
and exchanging information. A market for its products and services may not
develop and demand for its services may not emerge or be sustainable. If the
market fails to develop, develops more slowly than expected or becomes
saturated with competitors, or if its services do not achieve or sustain market
acceptance, its business, results of operations and financial condition would
be materially adversely affected.

     Internet usage may be inhibited for a number of reasons, such as:

     o lack of appropriate infrastructure;

     o limitations on access by potential users;

     o security concerns;

     o privacy concerns;

     o inconsistent quality of service; and

     o lack of availability of cost-effective, high-speed service.

     If Internet usage grows, the Internet infrastructure may not be able to
support the demands placed on it by this growth, and performance and
reliability may decline. In addition, websites may from time to time experience
interruptions in their service as a result of outages and other delays
occurring throughout the Internet network infrastructure. If these outages or
delays frequently occur in the future, Internet usage could be adversely
affected and users may not use Cybear's products and services.

     Breaches of Internet security could harm Cybear's business and result in
liability.

     To the extent that Cybear's activities involve the storage and
transmission of proprietary information such as patient information and credit
card numbers, security breaches could expose it to a risk of loss, litigation
and possible liability to users. Cybear's security measures may not prevent
security breaches, which in turn, may have a material adverse effect on its
business, results of operations and financial condition.

     A party who is able to circumvent Cybear's security measures could
misappropriate proprietary and confidential information or cause interruptions
in its operations. Cybear may be required to expend significant capital and
other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or to
alleviate problems caused by breaches. Concerns over the security of Internet
transactions and the privacy of users may also inhibit the growth of the
Internet generally, especially as a means of conducting commercial
transactions.

     Claims that may be made against Cybear for information retrieved from the
Internet could have material adverse financial effects on its business.

     Due to the fact that materials may be downloaded from Cybear's products
and may be subsequently distributed to others, there is the potential that
claims will be made against Cybear for defamation, negligence, copyright or
trademark infringement or other theories based on the nature and content of
such materials. Similar claims have been brought, sometimes successfully,
against ISPs

in the past. In addition, Cybear could be subject to liability with respect to
content that may be accessible through its products or third party websites
linked from its products.

     Although Andrx Corporation carries general liability insurance for Cybear,
Andrx Corporation's insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or
may not be adequate to cover all costs incurred in defense of potential claims
or to indemnify it for all liability that may be imposed. Any costs or
imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or in excess of
insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on Cybear's business,
results of operations and financial condition.

     Cybear and its service and content providers may experience system
failures that could interrupt its services.

     The success of Cybear's business will depend on the capacity, reliability
and security of its network infrastructure. Cybear relies on major
telecommunications providers to provide the external telecommunications
infrastructure necessary for Internet communications. Cybear also depends on
its content and service providers for some of the content and service
applications that it makes available through dr.cybear. Any significant
interruptions in Cybear's services or an increase in response time could result
in a loss of potential or existing users and sponsors and, if sustained or
repeated, could reduce the attractiveness of dr.cybear to them. Although Cybear
maintains insurance for its business, it cannot guarantee that its insurance
will be adequate to compensate it for all losses that may occur or to provide
for costs associated with business interruptions.

     To succeed, Cybear must be able to operate dr.cybear 24 hours a day, seven
days a week, without interruption. To operate without interruption, Cybear's
service and content providers must guard against:

     o damage from fire, power loss and other natural disasters;

     o communications failures;

     o software and hardware errors, failures or crashes;

     o security breaches, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems; and

     o other potential interruptions.

     dr.cybear may be required to accommodate a high volume of traffic and
deliver frequently updated information. Cybear's users may experience slower
response times or system failures due to increased traffic on its site or for a
variety of other reasons. Cybear also depends on service application providers
to provide information and data feeds on a timely basis. dr.cybear could
experience disruptions or interruptions in service due to the failure or delay
in the transmission or receipt of this information. Any significant
interruption in Cybear's operations could have a material adverse effect on its
business, financial condition and operating results.

     If Cybear is unable to manage growth, its business may suffer.

     Cybear's inability to manage growth effectively would have a material
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and operating results.
Cybear must continue to implement and improve its operational, financial and
information systems, and expand, train and manage its employee base. Cybear may
not be able to effectively manage expansion of its operations, and its
facilities, systems, procedures or controls may not be adequate to support its
operations.

     Cybear's ability to implement its business plan depends on its ability to
attract and retain key personnel to implement its business plan.

     Cybear needs to attract and retain highly qualified technical, sales,
customer service and managerial personnel in order to implement its business
plan. Cybear particularly needs these personnel to continue product development
and marketing. Competition for personnel in these areas is intense, and Cybear
cannot guarantee that it will be able to attract or retain a sufficient number
of highly qualified employees in the future. If Cybear is unable to hire and
retain personnel in key positions, its business, financial condition and
operating results could be materially adversely affected.

     Cybear's inability to protect its intellectual property could adversely
impact the acceptance of the dr.cybear product and its financial condition.

     Cybear regards its patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets
including methodologies, practices and tools and other intellectual property
rights as critical to its success. To protect Cybear's rights in these various
forms of intellectual property, it relies on a combination of patent, trademark
and copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements and
other contractual arrangements with its employees, affiliates, clients,
strategic partners, acquisition targets and others. Cybear's inability to
protect its intellectual property adequately could have a material adverse
effect on the acceptance of the dr.cybear brand and on its business, financial
condition and operating results.

     Cybear cannot guarantee that its actions to protect its proprietary rights
will be adequate, that third parties will not infringe or misappropriate
intellectual property, or that it will be able to detect unauthorized use of
its intellectual property and take appropriate steps to enforce its rights. It
is possible that Cybear's competitors or others will adopt product or service
names similar to its, thereby impeding its ability to build brand identity and
possibly leading to customer confusion. Moreover, because domain names derive
value from the individual's ability to remember these names, Cybear cannot
guarantee that its domain name will not lose its value if, for example, users
begin to rely on mechanisms other than domain names to access online resources.
In addition, Cybear cannot guarantee that other parties will not assert
infringement claims against it.

     Litigation, whether to enforce or defend Cybear's intellectual property
rights, would divert management resources, be expensive and may not effectively
enable it to protect its intellectual property.

     Cybear's growth might be limited if its Internet activities become subject
to sales or other taxes.

     The tax treatment of the Internet and e-commerce is currently unsettled. A
number of proposals have been made at the federal, state and local level and by
certain foreign governments that could impose taxes on the sale of goods and
services and certain other Internet activities. Cybear cannot predict the
effect of current attempts at taxing or regulating commerce over the Internet.
Any legislation that substantially impairs the growth of e-commerce could have
a material adverse effect on Cybear's business, financial condition and
operating results.

     Government regulation of Internet communications may adversely impact
Cybear's business.

     Cybear could become subject to regulation by the Federal Communications
Commission or another regulatory agency as a provider of basic
telecommunications services. Changes in the regulatory environment relating to
the application of access charges and other support payments to Internet and
Internet telephony providers, regulation of Internet services, including
Internet telephony, and other regulatory changes that directly or indirectly
affect costs imposed on Internet or Internet telephony providers,
telecommunications costs or increase in the likelihood or scope of competition,
could make its communications infrastructure more expensive to operate and have
a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition and operating
results.

     Government regulation of healthcare may adversely impact Cybear's
business.

     The impact of regulatory developments in the healthcare industry is
complex and difficult to predict, and Cybear cannot guarantee that it will not
be materially adversely affected by existing or new regulatory requirements or
interpretations. Participants in the healthcare industry are subject to
extensive and frequently changing regulation under numerous laws administered
by governmental entities at the federal, state and local levels. Many current
laws and regulations, when enacted, did not anticipate the methods of
healthcare communication that Cybear is developing. Cybear believes, however,
that these laws and regulations may nonetheless be applied to its healthcare
communications business. Accordingly, Cybear's healthcare communications
business may be affected by current regulations as well as future regulations
specifically targeted to this new segment of the healthcare industry.

     Current laws and regulations that may affect the healthcare communications
business include:

     o the regulation of confidential patient medical record information;

   o laws relating to the electronic transmission of prescriptions from
      physicians' offices to pharmacies;

   o regulations governing the use of software applications in the diagnosis,
      cure, treatment, mitigation or prevention of disease; and

     o laws or regulations relating to the relationships between or among
healthcare providers.

     There may also be future legislation and regulation in these areas, both
at the state and federal level.

Risks Related to Andrx

     Andrx's business is subject to substantial litigation which could expose
Andrx to unfavorable claims.

     Andrx has and continues to face substantial patent infringement litigation
with respect to the manufacture, use and sale of its products. To date, actions
have been filed against Andrx in connection with substantially all of Andrx's
Abbreviated New Drug Applications or ANDAs. When Andrx files an ANDA, Andrx
usually certifies that it believes the proposed product will not infringe an
unexpired patent which has been listed with the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or FDA, as covering the brand name product and/or that such
patent is invalid or unenforceable. Andrx anticipates that additional actions
may be filed as Andrx or Andrx's collaborative partners file additional ANDAs.
Patent litigation may also be brought against Andrx in connection with certain
other products that Andrx may pursue.

     The timing and outcome of this type of litigation is difficult to predict
because of the uncertainties inherent in patent litigation. There can be no
assurance that any of Andrx's products will be commercialized immediately
following FDA's approval of their sale, as Andrx will launch Andrx's products
only after it is both lawful and Andrx determines that it appears prudent to do
so. Andrx's business and financial results could be materially harmed by the
delays in marketing Andrx's products as a result of litigation, an unfavorable
outcome in any litigation or the expense of litigation whether or not it is
successful.

     Andrx is subject to antitrust litigation and an FTC administrative
proceeding relating to a stipulation Andrx entered into with Aventis, S.A.
which, if adversely determined, would harm Andrx's business and financial
results.

     Class and individual actions have been filed against Andrx in a number of
state and federal courts relating to a stipulation Andrx entered into with
Aventis. In each of these suits, Andrx and Aventis and some of Andrx's
affiliates, have been named as co-defendants. Andrx entered into the
stipulation with Aventis in connection with patent infringement litigation that
Aventis brought against Andrx. In the stipulation, Andrx agreed to maintain the
status quo, which included not commencing to market Andrx's bioequivalent
version of Cardizem CD until the earlier of final resolution of the Aventis
litigation or the occurrence of certain other events. Aventis agreed, among
other matters, not to seek a preliminary injunction against Andrx in the
then-pending litigation, granted Andrx the right to obtain a license to the
relevant Aventis' patents at various times and made certain payments to Andrx.
The complaint in each of these actions alleges that by entering into the
stipulation, Andrx and Aventis violated certain antitrust, restraint of trade
and other laws which allegedly gave Aventis and Andrx a monopoly in the U.S.
market for Cardizem CD and a bioequivalent version of that product. The
complaints in each of the class actions seek compensatory damages on behalf of
each class member in an unspecified amount and, in some cases, treble damages,
as well as costs and counsel fees, disgorgement, injunctive relief and other
remedies.

     An adverse outcome in the class actions, individual actions and the
expense to Andrx of defending such actions, whether or not there is an adverse
outcome, could materially harm Andrx's business and financial results.

     On March 16, 2000, Andrx was named as a respondent by the FTC Commission
in an administrative action seeking a cease and desist order against future
agreements similar to the stipulation and other remedies. The complaint in the
administrative proceeding does not seek any monetary remedies from Andrx of any
kind. On November 28, 2000, an order was entered in the administrative
proceeding withdrawing the matter from the adjudicative part of the agency for
the purpose of permitting the FTC to consider a proposed consent agreement
resolving the matter. Andrx does not know when the FTC will consider the
proposed settlement or whether it will be accepted.

     Biovail Corporation International has recently advised Andrx that Andrx's
sale of Cartia XT, Andrx's generic version of Cardizem CD, breaches an
agreement made between Andrx and Aventis to settle patent infringement
litigation over Cartia XT. Biovail claims a right to enforce that agreement
because of its acquisition of the Cardizem line from Aventis and contends that
product allegedly manufactured by Andrx is not in conformity with the agreement
and should be withdrawn from the market. Having investigated the matter, Andrx
believes that Biovail's contention is wholly without merit.

     Andrx's future results of operations will be adversely affected if Andrx
is unable to market new pharmaceutical products and Andrx existing products.

     Andrx's future results of operations will depend significantly upon its
ability to develop and market new pharmaceutical products and its existing
ones, since Andrx only has a limited number of commercialized products and
these and other products typically have declining revenues over their product
life. To date, the FDA has approved the marketing of only four of Andrx's
products. The FDA has tentatively approved three additional products Andrx
developed. These products and other products Andrx may develop typically have
declining revenues over their product lives. Andrx cannot assure you that its
products under development or products submitted to the FDA will be approved
for sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities.

     Andrx's operating results may vary significantly on an annual or quarterly
basis depending on the timing of, and Andrx's ability to obtain, FDA approvals
for Andrx's new products. Newly introduced bioequivalent pharmaceuticals with
limited or no competition are typically sold at higher selling prices,

often resulting in higher gross profit margins. Competition from other
manufacturers typically results in a decline in selling prices and gross profit
margins. The timing of Andrx's future operating results may also be affected by
a variety of additional factors, including the results of future patent
challenges and market acceptance of Andrx's new products.

     Andrx is subject to stringent governmental regulation and a costly and
time consuming approval process for its products.

     Drug manufacturers are required to obtain FDA approval before marketing
their new drug product candidates. The FDA approval requirements are costly and
time consuming. Andrx cannot assure you that Andrx's bioequivalence or clinical
studies and other data will result in FDA approval to market Andrx's new drug
products. Andrx believes that the FDA's ANDA procedures will apply to its
bioequivalent versions of controlled-release drugs. Andrx cannot assure you
that any of its bioequivalent versions of controlled-release drugs will be
suitable for, or approved as part of, abbreviated applications. Moreover, once
a drug is approved under either procedure, Andrx cannot assure you that it will
not have to withdraw such product from the market if it is not manufactured in
accordance with FDA standards or Andrx's own internal standards.

     Some abbreviated application procedures for bioequivalent
controlled-release drugs and other products are presently the subject of
petitions filed by brand name drug manufacturers, which seek changes from the
FDA in the approval requirements for particular bioequivalent drugs. Andrx
cannot predict at this time whether the FDA will make any changes to Andrx's
abbreviated application requirements as a result of these petitions or the
effect that any changes may have on Andrx. Any changes in FDA regulations or
policies may make abbreviated application approvals more difficult and thus may
materially harm Andrx's business and financial results.

     In order to market a new drug that does not qualify for the FDA's
abbreviated application procedures, Andrx must conduct extensive clinical
trials to demonstrate product safety and efficacy and submit a new drug
application on NDA. The process of completing clinical trials and preparing an
NDA may take several years and requires substantial resources. Andrx has never
submitted an NDA. Andrx cannot assure you that Andrx's studies and filings will
result in FDA approval to market Andrx's new drug products or the timing of any
approval.

     Patent certification requirements for bioequivalent controlled-release
drugs and for some new drugs could also result in significant delays in
obtaining FDA approval if patent infringement litigation is initiated by the
holder or holders of the brand name patents. Delays in obtaining FDA approval
of abbreviated applications and some new drug applications can also result from
a marketing exclusivity period and/or an extension of patent terms.

     Proposed FDA regulations and guidelines may result in Andrx's
bioequivalent products not being able to fully utilize the 180-day marketing
exclusivity period which will affect Andrx's results of operations.

     Any inability to fully use the 180-day marketing exclusivity period for
any of Andrx's products will affect Andrx's results of operations. In August
1999, the FDA proposed to amend its regulations relating to 180-day marketing
exclusivity for which certain bioequivalent drugs may qualify. Andrx cannot
predict whether or what changes the FDA may make to those regulations. In March
2000, the FDA issued new guidelines regarding the timing of approval of ANDAs
following a court decision in patent infringement actions and the start of the
180-day marketing exclusivity period provided for in the Waxman-Hatch
amendments applicable to generic pharmaceuticals. These guidelines could result
in Andrx not being able to utilize all or any portion of the 180-day marketing
exclusivity period on ANDA products Andrx was the first to file on, depending
on the timing of court decisions in patent litigation. Andrx is unable to
predict what impact, if any, the FDA's new guidelines may have on its business
or financial condition.

     Andrx faces uncertainties related to clinical trials which could result in
delays in product development and commercialization.

     Andrx must demonstrate through clinical trials that Andrx's brand name
products under development are safe and effective for use prior to seeking FDA
approval for the commercial sale of these products. There are a number of
difficulties associated with clinical trials and Andrx has limited experience
in conducting and supervising clinical trials. Difficulties with clinical
trials include the possibility that the results may not be indicative of
results that would be obtained from large-scale testing and that patients can
die, suffer adverse medical effects or artificially affect the clinical trial
results. Moreover, Andrx cannot assure you that its clinical trials will
demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain FDA approval. A number of
companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in
advanced clinical trials even after promising results in pre-clinical studies.
These failures have often resulted in decreases in stock prices. If any of
Andrx's products under development are not shown to be safe and effective in
clinical trials, Andrx's business and financial results could be materially
harmed by any resulting delays in developing other compounds and conducting
related clinical trials.

     Andrx's business and results of operations could be materially harmed if
Andrx does not comply with the restrictive FDA regulations governing the
manufacturing and distribution of Andrx's products.

     The FDA also regulates the development, manufacture, distribution,
labeling and promotion of prescription drugs, requires that certain records be
kept and reports be made, mandates registration of drug manufacturers and
listing of their products and has the authority to inspect manufacturing
facilities for compliance with Current Good Manufacturing Practices or cGMP
standards. As a wholesale distributor of bioequivalent pharmaceuticals, Andrx
is subject to state licensure and other requirements pertaining to the
wholesale distribution of prescription drugs. Andrx's business and financial
results could be materially harmed by any failure to comply with licensing and
other requirements.

     Other requirements exist for controlled drugs, such as narcotics, which
are regulated by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration or DEA and comparable
state-level agencies. The FDA also has the authority to withdraw approvals of
previously approved drugs for cause, to request recalls of products, to bar
companies and individuals from future drug application submissions and, through
action in court, to seize products, institute criminal prosecution or close
manufacturing plants in response to violations. The DEA has similar authority
and may also pursue monetary penalties. Andrx's business and financial results
could be materially harmed by these requirements or FDA or DEA actions.

     Andrx's business could suffer if Andrx is unable to increase its
manufacturing capacity.

     Andrx's approximately 35,000 square foot commercial manufacturing facility
is currently being used to manufacture Cartia XT and Diltia XT and is expected
to be only sufficient for these products and for certain of Andrx's other
products. Andrx is in the process of expanding Andrx's manufacturing capacity
in order to be able to manufacture all of the products Andrx intends to develop
and manufacture. If Andrx is unable to do so in a timely manner, Andrx's
business will suffer.

     Andrx's manufacturing facilities must comply with stringent FDA and other
regulatory requirements.

     Andrx's new manufacturing facilities, once completed, will need to be in
compliance with cGMP and inspected. Andrx cannot assure you that such approvals
will be obtained or will be obtained in time to manufacture each of its
additional products as they are approved. Andrx's facilities will be subject to
periodic inspections by the FDA and Andrx cannot assure you that the facilities
will continue to be in compliance with cGMP or other regulatory requirements.
Failure to comply with

such requirements could result in significant delays in the development,
approval and distribution of Andrx's planned products, and may require Andrx to
incur significant additional expense to comply with cGMP or other regulatory
requirements. Andrx's business and financial results could be materially harmed
by an adverse determination by the FDA as a result of any such inspection.
Further, Andrx will depend on other companies to manufacture certain of the
product candidates under development.

     The DEA also periodically inspects facilities for compliance with
security, record keeping, and other requirements that govern controlled
substances. Andrx's business and financial results could be materially harmed
by an adverse determination by the DEA as a result of any such inspection.

     Andrx's business will suffer if Andrx is unable to manage its rapid
growth.

     Andrx's business and financial results will be materially harmed if it
fails to manage growth effectively or to develop a successful marketing
approach. Andrx has experienced rapid growth of its operations. This growth has
required Andrx to expand, upgrade and improve its administrative, operational
and management systems, controls and resources. Andrx anticipates additional
growth in connection with the development, manufacturing and marketing of its
products.

     Andrx faces intense competition in the pharmaceutical industry from both
brand-name and bioequivalent manufacturers, wholesalers and distributors that
could severely limit its growth.

     The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and many of Andrx's
competitors have longer operating histories and greater financial, research and
development, marketing and other resources than Andrx. Andrx is subject to
competition from numerous other entities that currently operate or intend to
operate in the pharmaceutical industry, including companies that are engaged in
the development of controlled-release drug delivery technologies and
pharmaceuticals and other manufacturers that may decide to undertake in-house
development of these products. Andrx's bioequivalent products may be subject to
competition from competing bioequivalent products marketed by the patent
holder. In Andrx's pharmaceutical distribution business, Andrx competes with a
number of large wholesalers and other distributors of pharmaceuticals. Andrx
cannot assure you that it will be able to continue to compete successfully with
these companies.

     Andrx depends on its patents and trade secrets and Andrx's future success
is dependent on its ability to protect these secrets and not infringe on the
rights of others.

     Andrx believes that patent and trade secret protection is important to its
business and that its future success will depend in part on its ability to
obtain patents, maintain trade secret protection and operate without infringing
on the rights of others. Andrx has been issued a number of U.S. patents and
have filed additional U.S. and various foreign patent applications relating to
Andrx's drug delivery technologies. Andrx expects to apply for additional U.S.
and foreign patents in the future. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive
as to Andrx's validity or as to the enforceable scope of the claims of the
patent. Andrx cannot assure you that:

     o Andrx's processes or products will not infringe upon the patents of
      third parties;

   o Andrx's patents or any future patents will prevent other companies from
      developing similar or functionally equivalent products or from
      successfully challenging the validity of Andrx's patents;

     o any of Andrx's future processes or products will be patentable; or

     o any pending or additional patents will be issued in any or all
appropriate jurisdictions.

     Andrx's business and financial results could be materially harmed if Andrx
fails to avoid infringement of the patent or proprietary rights of others or to
protect its patent rights.

     Andrx also relies on trade secrets and proprietary knowledge, which Andrx
generally seeks to protect by confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements
with employees, consultants, licensees and pharmaceutical companies. Andrx
cannot assure that these agreements will not be breached, that it will have
adequate remedies for any breach or that its trade secrets will not otherwise
become known by competitors.

     Andrx will need an effective sales organization to market and sell its
future brand products and Andrx's failure to have an effective sales
organization may harm its business.

     Andrx does not have an established sales organization to market and sell
its brand products that it may develop or acquire. Andrx cannot assure you that
prior to the time these products are available for commercial launch, Andrx
will be able to license its products to pharmaceutical companies with sales
organizations, enter into a favorable co-promotion or contract sales
arrangement, or build an effective sales organization. Andrx's inability to
enter into satisfactory sales and marketing arrangements in the future may
materially harm its business and financial results. Andrx may have to rely on
collaborative partners to market its products. These partners may not have the
same interests as Andrx in marketing the products and Andrx may lose control
over the sales of these products.

     Decreases in healthcare reimbursements could limit Andrx's ability to sell
its products or decrease its revenues.

     Andrx's ability to maintain profitability in Andrx's distribution business
or to commercialize its product candidates depends in part on the extent to
which reimbursement for the cost of pharmaceuticals will be available from
government health administration agencies, private health insurers and other
organizations. In addition, third party payors are attempting to control costs
by limiting the level of reimbursement for medical products, including
pharmaceuticals, which may adversely affect the pricing of Andrx's product
candidates. Moreover, healthcare reform has been, and may continue to be, an
area of national and state focus, which could result in the adoption of
measures which could adversely affect the pricing of pharmaceuticals or the
amount of reimbursement available from third party payors. Andrx cannot assure
you that healthcare providers, patients or third party payors will accept and
pay for Andrx's pharmaceuticals. In addition, there is no guarantee that
healthcare reimbursement laws or policies will not materially harm Andrx's
ability to sell its products profitably or prevent it from realizing an
appropriate return on its investment in product development.

     Andrx may be subject to product liability claims and may not have adequate
insurance.

     The design, development and manufacture of Andrx's products or the product
Andrx distributes involve a risk of product liability claims and Andrx cannot
assure you that the coverage limits of its insurance will be sufficient to
cover potential claims. Andrx has obtained product liability insurance and
believe that it is adequate for its current operations, but may seek to
increase its coverage prior to the commercial introduction of its new product
candidates. Product liability insurance is expensive and difficult to obtain
and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms or in sufficient
amounts, if available at all. Andrx's business and financial results could be
materially harmed by a successful claim against Andrx in excess of its
insurance coverage.

Risks Associated With Having Two Classes of Common Stock

     Financial effects on one class could adversely affect the other class.

     Holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock are common
stockholders of Andrx Corporation, and will continue to be subject to all of
the risks of an investment in Andrx Corporation and all of its businesses,
assets and liabilities. The assets attributed to one class may be subject to
the

liabilities of the other class, even if these liabilities arise from lawsuits,
contracts or indebtedness attributed to the other class. If Andrx Corporation
is unable to satisfy one classes' liabilities with the assets attributed to it,
Andrx Corporation may satisfy those liabilities with assets it has attributed
to the other class.

     Financial effects on one class that affect the consolidated results of
operations or financial condition of Andrx Corporation could, if significant,
affect the results of operations or financial condition of the other class and
the market price of the common stock relating to the other class. In addition,
net losses of either class and dividends and distributions on, or repurchases
of, either class of common stock will reduce the funds that can be paid as
dividends on each class of common stock under Delaware law. For these reasons,
you should read Andrx Corporation's consolidated financial information
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

     Holders of each class of common stock will have only limited class
stockholder rights.

     Holders of Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock generally will
not have stockholder rights specific to their corresponding groups. Rather,
stockholders will have customary stockholder rights relating to Andrx
Corporation as a whole. For example, holders of Andrx common stock and the
Cybear tracking stock will vote as a single class to approve a disposition of
all or substantially all of Andrx Corporation's assets and holders of both
classes are entitled to receive a percentage of all of Andrx Corporation's
assets in the case of a liquidation. Holders of either Andrx common stock or
the Cybear tracking stock will have the following rights with respect to their
class of common stock:

   o an opportunity to receive dividends, if any, when, as and if declared by
      Andrx Corporation's board of directors;

   o an opportunity to have the Cybear tracking stock redeemed or converted
      into Andrx common stock upon the disposition of all or substantially all
      of the assets of Cybear; and

   o a right to vote separately as a class only on matters which are set forth
      in the Andrx Corporation certificate of incorporation or as may be
      required under Delaware law under the rules of any exchange or electronic
      trading system.

     Andrx Corporation will not hold separate meetings for holders of Cybear
tracking stock or Andrx common stock.

     The aggregate voting power of all of the outstanding shares of the Cybear
tracking stock is limited to 25% of the total voting power of all of the
outstanding shares of both classes of Andrx Corporation's common stock.

     Except for limited matters on which a separate class vote may be required,
the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock will vote together as a
single class on all matters requiring a stockholder vote. Matters on which the
Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock will vote together may involve
an apparent or real divergence of interests between the holders of each class
of common stock in the aggregate. The aggregate voting power of all of the
outstanding shares of the Cybear tracking stock is limited to 25% of the total
voting power of all of the outstanding shares of both classes of Andrx
Corporation common stock. Consequently, the aggregate voting power of all of
the outstanding shares of Andrx common stock will represent a majority of the
outstanding voting power of all of the outstanding shares of both classes of
common stock. To the extent that matters come before the stockholders on which
the holders of Andrx common stock and the holders of the Cybear tracking stock
have a divergence of interests but vote as a single class, the holders of Andrx
common stock, to the extent they vote in a similar manner, will be able to
control the vote. These matters may include mergers or other extraordinary
transactions. In addition, the issuance or repurchase of shares of either class
of common stock could cause changes in the relative voting power of the groups,
subject to the 25% limitation on the voting power of the Cybear tracking stock
described above.

     In limited circumstances where a separate class vote is required, the
class of common stock with less than majority voting power can block action.

     If Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation, Delaware law or
market rules require a separate vote on any matter by the holders of either the
Andrx common stock or the Cybear tracking stock, those holders could prevent
approval of the matter, even if the holders of a majority of the total number
of votes cast or entitled to be cast, voting together as a class, were to vote
in favor of it.

     Holders of either class of common stock could be adversely affected by a
conversion of the Cybear tracking stock.

     At any time or upon the occurrence of certain tax-related events, Andrx
Corporation's board of directors, in its sole discretion and without
stockholder approval, could determine to convert shares of the Cybear tracking
stock into shares of Andrx common stock, including a conversion at a time when
either or both classes of common stock may be considered to be overvalued or
undervalued. Any conversion at a premium would dilute the interests of the
holders of the Andrx common stock in Andrx Corporation. Any conversion would
also preclude holders of both classes of common stock from retaining their
investment in a security that is intended to reflect separately the performance
of the groups. It may also give holders of shares of converted Cybear tracking
stock a greater or lesser consideration than any consideration a third-party
buyer would pay for all or substantially all of the assets of Cybear.

     Stockholders may not have any remedies for breach of fiduciary duties if
any action by directors and officers has a disadvantageous effect on either
class of common stock.

     Stockholders may not have any remedies if an action or decision of Andrx
Corporation's board of directors or its officers has a disadvantageous effect
on the Andrx common stock or the Cybear tracking stock compared to the other
class of common stock. Recent cases in Delaware Court involving tracking stocks
have indicated that decisions by directors or officers involving differing
treatment of tracking stocks should be judged under the business judgment rule,
unless self-interest is established. The business judgment rule provides that
an informed director or officer will be deemed to have satisfied his or her
fiduciary duties if that person acts in a manner he or she believes in good
faith to be in the best interests of Andrx Corporation. Because of the
application of the business judgment rule, holders of one group's stock who are
disadvantaged by an action of Andrx Corporation's board of directors or
officers may not be able to successfully make claims that a decision involving
different treatment of the Andrx common stock or the Cybear tracking stock was
wrongful, absent a showing of self-interest by directors or officers.

     Stock ownership could cause directors and officers to favor one group over
the other.

     The directors and officers of Andrx Corporation currently own more shares,
including shares subject to stock options, of Andrx common stock than Cybear
tracking stock. As a policy, Andrx Corporation's board of directors
periodically monitors the ownership of shares of Andrx common stock and shares
of Cybear tracking stock by its directors and executive officers and its option
grants to them so that their interests are generally aligned with the two
classes of common stock and with their duty to act in the best interests of
Andrx Corporation and its stockholders as a whole. However, because the actual
value of their interests in Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock
currently varies significantly, it is possible that they could favor one group
over the other due to their stock and option holdings.

     Numerous potential conflicts of interests exist between classes of common
stock which may be difficult to resolve by Andrx Corporation's board of
directors or which may be resolved adversely to one of the classes.

     The existence of different classes of common stock could give rise to
occasions when the interests of holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear
tracking stock diverge, conflict or appear to diverge or conflict.

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors may pay more or less dividends on
one group's common stock than if that group was a separate company.

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors has the authority to declare and
pay dividends on each class of common stock in any amount and could, in its
sole discretion, declare and pay dividends exclusively on Andrx common stock,
exclusively on the Cybear tracking stock, or on both, in equal or unequal
amounts. Andrx Corporation's board of directors will not be required to
consider the amount of dividends previously declared on each class, the
respective voting or liquidation rights of each class or any other factor. The
performance of one group may cause Andrx Corporation's board of directors to
pay more or less dividends on the common stock relating to the other group than
if that other group was a stand-alone corporation. In addition, Delaware law
and the Andrx Corporation certificate of incorporation may impose limitations
on the amount of dividends which may be paid on each class of common stock.

     Proceeds of mergers or consolidations may be allocated unfavorably.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not contain
any provisions governing how consideration to be received by holders of Andrx
common stock or the Cybear tracking stock in connection with a merger or
consolidation involving Andrx is to be allocated among holders of each class of
common stock. Andrx Corporation's board of directors will make that
determination. That determination could favor the holders of one class of
common stock at the expense of the holders of the other class of common stock.

     Allocation of corporate opportunities could favor Andrx or Cybear over the
other.

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors may be required to allocate
corporate opportunities between Andrx and Cybear. In some cases, the directors
could determine that a corporate opportunity, such as a business that Andrx may
be acquiring, should be shared by Cybear. Any such decisions could favor one
class at the expense of the other.

     Andrx and Cybear may compete with each other to the detriment of their
businesses.

     The existence of two separate classes of common stock will not prevent
Andrx and Cybear from competing with each other. Any competition between Andrx
and Cybear could be detrimental to the businesses of either or both of them.
Under a policy of the Andrx Corporation board of directors, Andrx and Cybear
will generally not engage in the principal businesses of the other. However,
Andrx Corporation's board of directors will permit indirect competition between
Andrx and Cybear based on a good faith business judgment that such competition
is the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of its stockholders as a
whole. In addition, Andrx and Cybear may compete in a business that is not a
principal business of the other.

     Andrx and Cybear may finance each other on unfavorable terms.

     It is possible that Andrx Corporation will transfer cash and other
property between Andrx and Cybear to finance each of their business activities.
The party providing the financing will be subject to the risks relating to the
party receiving the financing. Andrx Corporation will account for those
transfers in one of the following ways:

     o as a short-term or long-term loan between groups or as a repayment of a
previous borrowing;

     o as an increase or decrease in the equity interest; or

     o as a sale of assets between the two groups.

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors has not adopted specific criteria
for determining when it will transfer cash or other property as a loan or
repayment, an increase or decrease in equity interest or a sale of assets.
These determinations, including the terms of any transactions accounted for as
debt, could be unfavorable to either the party transferring or the party
receiving the cash or other property. Andrx Corporation's board of directors
expects to make these determinations, either in specific instances or by
setting generally applicable policies, after considering the financing
requirements and objectives of the receiving party, the investment objectives
of the transferring party and the availability, cost and time associated with
alternative financing sources, prevailing interest rates and general economic
conditions.

     Andrx and Cybear cannot assure you that any terms that are fixed for debt
will approximate those that could have been obtained by the borrower if it were
a stand-alone corporation.

     Cybear may not be fully reimbursed for Andrx's use of its tax benefits and
could pay higher future taxes than if it were a stand-alone taxpayer.

     A tax sharing agreement entered into between Andrx and Cybear provides
that tax benefits generated but not used by Cybear in the year generated may be
used by other members of Andrx Corporation's consolidated group. Such other
group members are not required to compensate Cybear for the use of Cybear's tax
attributes. Accordingly, on a cash basis, any tax benefits generated by Cybear
and utilized by other members of the consolidated group will not be available
as a carry-forward to reduce Cybear's future tax liabilities. This could result
in Cybear reporting higher corporate tax liability in the future than would
have been the case if Cybear had retained its tax benefits.

     Holders of the Cybear tracking stock may receive less consideration upon a
sale of all or substantially all of its assets than if the group was a separate
company.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation provides that if a
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Cybear occurs, Andrx
Corporation must, subject to certain exceptions:

   o distribute to holders of the Cybear tracking stock an amount equal to the
      net proceeds of such disposition, or

   o convert at a 110% exchange ratio the Cybear tracking stock into shares of
      the Andrx common stock.

If Cybear tracking stock was a separate, independent company and its shares
were acquired by another person, certain costs of that disposition, including
corporate level taxes, might or might not be payable in connection with that
acquisition. As a result, stockholders of a separate, independent company might
receive a greater amount than the net proceeds that would be received by
holders of Cybear tracking stock if the assets of Cybear were sold. In
addition, Andrx Corporation cannot assure

you that the net proceeds per share of Cybear tracking stock will be equal to
or more than the market value per share of Cybear tracking stock prior to or
after announcement of a disposition.

     Provisions governing the two classes of common stock could discourage a
change of control and the payment of a premium for shares.

     The existence of two classes of common stock could present complexities
and could pose obstacles, financial or otherwise, to a person seeking to
acquire control of Andrx Corporation. In addition, provisions of Delaware law
and Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws may also deter
hostile takeover attempts. If Andrx and Cybear were separate, independent
publicly traded companies, any person interested in acquiring either group
without negotiating with the other group's management could seek control of
that entity by obtaining control of its outstanding voting stock by means of a
tender offer or proxy contest. A person interested in acquiring only one group
would still be required to seek control of the majority of the voting power
represented by all the outstanding stock of Andrx.

     Investors may not value the common stock based on group financial
information and policies.

     Andrx Corporation cannot assure you that investors will value the Andrx
common stock and the Cybear tracking stock based on the reported financial
results and prospects of Andrx and Cybear or the dividend policies established
by the board of directors with respect to the groups.

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors may change or make exceptions to
the management and allocation policies to the detriment of one group without
stockholder approval.

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors has adopted management and
allocation policies to govern the relationship between the Andrx common stock
and the Cybear tracking stock. Andrx Corporation's board of directors may
modify or rescind, or make exceptions to, the policies with respect to the
allocation of corporate opportunities, financing arrangements, shared corporate
services, competition between the groups, taxes, debt, interest and other
matters, or may adopt additional policies, in its sole discretion without
stockholder approval. A decision to modify, rescind or make exceptions to these
policies or adopt additional policies, could have different effects on the
holders of the Andrx common stock and the holders of the Cybear tracking stock
or could adversely affect the holders of one class of common stock compared to
the holders of the other class of common stock.

     The anti-takeover provisions of Andrx Corporation's charter documents and
Delaware law could affect stockholders.

     Certain provisions of Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a
takeover attempt of Andrx Corporation. Andrx Corporation is also subject to the
anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which will prohibit Andrx Corporation from engaging in a "business
combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years after
the date of the transaction in which the persons became an interested
stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner. The application of Section 203 also could have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of Andrx Corporation.

                   NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult caution readers that certain important
factors may affect their actual results and could cause such results to differ
materially from any forward-looking statements which may be deemed to have been
made in this proxy statement/prospectus or which are otherwise made by them or
on their behalf. For this purpose, any statements contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed
to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, words such as "may", "will", "expect", "believe", "anticipate",
"intend", "could", "would", "estimate", or "continue" or the negative other
variations thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Factors which may affect Andrx Corporation's
results include, but are not limited to, those set forth in this document or
detailed from time to time in Andrx Corporation's filings with the SEC.

                      WHO CAN HELP ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS

                   If you have additional questions about the
                        merger or would like additional
                            copies of this document
                              you should contact:

                             Mediconsult.com, Inc.
                             560 White Plains Road
                           Tarrytown, New York 10591
                         Attention: E. Michael Ingram
                         Phone Number: (914) 332-6100

                               Andrx Corporation
                               4955 Orange Drive
                             Davie, Florida 33314
                            Attention: Scott Lodin
                         Phone Number: (954) 584-0300

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Andrx Corporation files annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. Andrx Corporation's SEC filings
are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's website at http://
www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document Andrx Corporation files at
the SEC's public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W. Washington, D.C.
20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the
public reference room.

     The SEC allows Andrx Corporation to "incorporate by reference" the
information Andrx Corporation files with it, which means that Andrx Corporation
can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents.
The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and information that Andrx Corporation files later with
the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information.

     Andrx Corporation incorporates by reference the documents listed below and
any future filings it makes with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

   o The Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-33822), as
      filed with the SEC on March 31, 2000, and as subsequently amended on
      April 28, 2000 and May 24, 2000,

     o Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999
      of Andrx,

     o Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999
      of Cybear Inc.,

   o Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2000, June
      30, 2000 and September 30, 2000 of Andrx,

   o Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2000 and
      June 30, 2000 of Cybear Inc., and

     o Current Report on Form 8-K of Andrx Corporation dated January 17, 2001.

     You should rely only on the information incorporated by reference or
provided in this document. We have not authorized anyone else to provide you
with different information. You should not assume that the information in this
proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on
the front of this document.

        PRICE RANGE OF EXISTING COMMON STOCKS AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     For the calendar quarters indicated, the table below sets forth the high
and low closing prices per share of Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult
common stock as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board and the Nasdaq National
Market, as applicable. Quotations from the OTC Bulletin Board were
over-the-market quotations and, accordingly, reflected inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may have not represented
actual transactions.

     The Cybear tracking stock has been listed for trading on the Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol "CYBA" since September 7, 2000. Prior to
Andrx's September 2000 reorganization, Cybear's common stock was listed for
trading on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "CYBA" and had been
since June 18, 1999. From January 28, 1999 to June 17, 1999, Cybear's common
stock was traded on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "CYBR."
Mediconsult's common stock has been listed for trading on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "MCNS" since April 6, 1999. From October 15, 1996 to
April 5, 1999, Mediconsult's common stock was traded on the OTC Bulletin Board
under the symbol "MCNS."

                                                                Mediconsult Common
                                   Cybear Tracking Stock              Stock
                                      Market Price ($)           Market Price ($)
                               ------------------------------   ------------------
                                    High             Low          High       Low
                               --------------   -------------   --------   -------

First Quarter ..............                                      2.09      1.00
Second Quarter .............                                      1.91      1.25
Third Quarter ..............                                      1.69      0.64
Fourth Quarter .............                                      9.56      0.49

First Quarter ..............        53.00(1)         3.25(1)     22.63      6.19
Second Quarter .............        41.00           13.88        19.69      9.69
Third Quarter ..............        23.25            5.88        13.75      6.25
Fourth Quarter .............        10.00            5.47        11.25      4.63

First Quarter ..............        12.25            4.38         7.81      2.75
Second Quarter .............         5.88            2.60         3.94      1.50
Third Quarter ..............         4.88            0.75         1.78      0.44
Fourth Quarter .............         1.44            0.19         0.94      0.06

First Quarter (through
 February 12, 2001) .........         1.00            0.19         0.22      0.09

- ----------------
(1) Commencing January 28, 1999.

     Neither Mediconsult nor Andrx Corporation has ever paid any dividends on
its respective common stock. On February 12, 2001, the most recent practicable
date prior to the filing of this document, the closing price per share as
reported by the Nasdaq National Market of the Cybear tracking stock was $0.4375
and the last closing price per share of the Mediconsult common stock was
$0.0938. We urge stockholders to obtain current quotations.

     In November 2000, Nasdaq notified Mediconsult that the Mediconsult common
stock is not in compliance with the continued listing requirements of the
Nasdaq National Market because the Mediconsult common stock failed to maintain
a bid price of $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days. In addition, Nasdaq
recently notified Mediconsult that the Mediconsult common stock is not in
compliance with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq National
Market because Mediconsult no longer met a minimum net tangible asset
requirement. Mediconsult's failure to comply

with the continued listing requirements may result in the Mediconsult common
stock being delisted. Mediconsult has appealed Nasdaq's decision, delaying the
delisting of the Mediconsult common stock until a decision has been rendered on
Mediconsult's appeal.

     Nasdaq also recently notified Andrx Corporation that the Cybear tracking
stock is not in compliance with the continued listing requirements of the
Nasdaq National Market because the Cybear tracking stock failed to maintain a
bid price of $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days. If the Cybear tracking
stock does not meet the minimum bid price requirement on or prior to February
21, 2001, Andrx Corporation intends to file an appeal with Nasdaq.

                           THE STOCKHOLDERS MEETING

     We are furnishing this document to the Mediconsult stockholders in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by Mediconsult's board of directors
at a special meeting of its stockholders, and at any adjournments or
postponements of the meeting.

The Mediconsult Special Meeting

Where and When the Mediconsult Special Meeting Will be Held

     The special meeting will be held at the offices of Mediconsult, whose
address is 560 White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591 starting at 10:00
A.M., local time on March 20, 2001.

What Will be Voted Upon

     At the special meeting, the Mediconsult stockholders will consider and
vote upon a proposal to adopt a merger agreement.

Only Mediconsult Stockholders of Record on January 31, 2001 Are Entitled to
Vote

     Currently, the only outstanding voting securities of Mediconsult are
shares of Mediconsult common stock. Only holders of record of Mediconsult
common stock on the record date, January 31, 2001, are entitled to notice of
and vote at the Mediconsult special meeting. Each holder of record, as of the
record date, of Mediconsult common stock is entitled to cast one vote per
share.

     On the record date, there were 55,690,636 shares of Mediconsult common
stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Mediconsult special meeting.
These outstanding shares are held by approximately 305 Mediconsult stockholders
of record.

Required Quorum and Vote for Approval

     The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common
stock must be present, in person or by proxy, at the special meeting for there
to be a quorum. The favorable vote of a majority of the shares of Mediconsult
common stock outstanding on the Mediconsult record date is required for
adoption of the merger agreement. On the record date, directors and executive
officers of Mediconsult owned and were entitled to vote 15,383,752 shares of
Mediconsult common stock, or approximately 27.2% of the shares of Mediconsult
common stock outstanding on the Mediconsult record date. Robert A. Jennings, a
principal stockholder and director of Mediconsult, and JHC Limited, an entity
controlled by Mr. Jennings, together representing 12,597,752 shares of
Mediconsult common stock or 22.6% of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult
common stock, have already contractually agreed to vote in favor of the merger.

     If you fail to vote or abstain from voting, it has the effect of a vote
against the merger.

Voting of Proxies

     All shares of Mediconsult common stock represented by proxies properly
received prior to or at the Mediconsult special meeting and not revoked, will
be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated in such proxies. If
stockholders do not indicate any instructions on a properly executed and
returned proxy, that proxy will be voted FOR the approval of the merger.

     If any other matters are properly presented at the special meeting for
consideration, the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy, and acting
under that proxy, will have discretion to vote on such matters in accordance
with their best judgment, unless authorization to use that discretion is
withheld. If a proposal to adjourn the special meeting is properly presented,
the persons named in the enclosed form of proxy will not have discretion to
vote shares voted against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

     Any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person
giving it at any time before it is voted. Proxies may be revoked by:

   o filing, including by telegram or telecopy, with Mediconsult's Secretary,
     before the taking of the vote at the meeting, a written notice of
     revocation bearing a later date than the date of the proxy or a
     later-dated proxy relating to the same shares; or

     o attending the meeting and voting in person.

     In order to vote in person at the special meeting, the Mediconsult
stockholders must attend the meeting and cast their votes in accordance with
the voting procedures established for the meeting. Attendance at a meeting will
not in and of itself constitute a revocation of a proxy. Any written notice of
revocation or subsequent proxy must be sent so as to be delivered at or before
the taking of the vote at the meeting as follows to: Mediconsult.com, Inc., 560
White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591, Telecopy: (914) 332-6448,
Attention: Secretary.

     It is the policy of Mediconsult to keep confidential proxy cards, ballots
and voting tabulations that identify individual stockholders, except where
disclosure is mandated by law and in other limited circumstances.

     Mediconsult stockholders who require assistance in changing or revoking a
proxy should contact the person at the address or phone number provided in this
document under the caption "Who Can Help Answer Your Questions."

Abstentions; Broker Non Votes

     Adoption of the merger agreement requires a favorable vote of the majority
of all outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock, so an abstention will
have the effect of a vote against the merger. The failure of a Mediconsult
stockholder to return a proxy will have the effect of not being counted for
purposes of determining the presence of a quorum.

     Under applicable rules, brokers who hold shares in street name for
customers have the authority to vote on some routine proposals when they have
not received instructions from beneficial owners. Under applicable rules, these
brokers are precluded from exercising their voting discretion with respect to
the approval and adoption of non-routine matters like the merger, and, thus,
absent specific instructions from the beneficial owner of shares held in street
name, brokers are not empowered to vote these shares with respect to the
adoption of the merger, i.e., broker non-votes. Therefore, a broker non-vote
will not be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but
it will otherwise have the same effect as an abstention.

Solicitation of Proxies

     Mediconsult shall pay the cost of soliciting proxies. In addition to
solicitation by mail, arrangements will be made with brokerage houses and other
custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to send the proxy materials to beneficial
owners, and Mediconsult will, upon written request, reimburse those brokerage
houses and custodians for their reasonable expenses in so doing. Mediconsult
may retain a proxy solicitor to aid in the solicitation of proxies and to
verify records related to the solicitations. Each proxy solicitor will receive
customary fees and expense reimbursement for their services. To the extent
necessary in order to ensure sufficient representation at its meeting,
Mediconsult may request by telephone or telegram the return of proxy cards. The
extent to which this will be necessary depends entirely upon how promptly
proxies are received. We urge stockholders to vote proxies without delay.

Stock Certificates

     Mediconsult stockholders should not send in any stock certificates with
their proxy cards. A transmittal letter with instructions for the surrender of
certificates representing shares of Mediconsult common stock will be mailed to
the Mediconsult stockholders as soon as practicable after the consummation of
the merger.

                      THE MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Description of the Merger

     The merger agreement provides that a wholly-owned a subsidiary of Andrx
Corporation will merge with and into Mediconsult, which shall be the surviving
corporation of the merger and, as a result thereof, become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Andrx Corporation. Each share of Mediconsult common stock issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger shall be
canceled and extinguished and be converted automatically into the right to
receive 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to adjustment as
provided in the merger agreement. In addition, options and warrants to purchase
shares of Mediconsult common stock that are outstanding immediately before the
effective time of the merger will be assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted
into options and warrants to purchase shares of Cybear tracking stock at the
rate of 0.1430, subject to adjustment, shares of Cybear tracking stock for each
share of Mediconsult common stock into which the option or warrant is
convertible. If the merger agreement is adopted at the special meeting, all
required consents and approvals are obtained and all other conditions of the
obligations of the parties to consummate the merger are either satisfied or
waived, the merger will be consummated.

Background of the Merger

     During the last several years, Mediconsult has held conversations with a
number of companies to evaluate possible business combinations or strategic
alliances. In the third quarter of 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors
began considering alternatives to maximize stockholder value and raise
additional capital.

     Mediconsult's advisors contacted a number of companies that they and
Mediconsult had identified as candidates for a possible business combination or
strategic alliance with Mediconsult. In the last week of August 2000, Robert A.
Jennings, the then Chairman of Mediconsult, received an indication of interest
from a third party regarding a possible strategic transaction or business
combination between the two companies.

     Beginning the first week in September 2000, Ian Sutcliffe, Chief Executive
Officer of Mediconsult, and E. Michael Ingram, Chief Financial Officer of
Mediconsult, had several telephone conversations with the senior management of
the third party who had expressed an interest in Mediconsult to explore the
possibility of a strategic transaction between the companies.

     An initial meeting with senior management of this third party was held on
Monday, September 18, 2000, to discuss potential terms for a transaction
between the two companies. Meetings between the two parties continued through
the balance of September and into October 2000.

     On October 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss possible strategic transactions. At the meeting, Mr. Ingram
disclosed that Mediconsult had been approached by a third party about a
possible transaction between the two companies, a nondisclosure agreement had
been signed by the two companies and due diligence on the third party had
begun.

     At the October 4, 2000 board meeting, Mr. Ingram informed the board of
directors that Mediconsult and its advisors had contacted several other parties
that might be interested in participating in a transaction with Mediconsult.
After contacting the parties, Mediconsult received five responses, of which two
parties declined to engage in discussions. During October, Mediconsult's
management met with three of the parties.

     On October 9, 2000, an initial meeting was held with Timothy Nolan,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Cybear Inc., Andrx Corporation's
wholly-owned subsidiary. Attending for Mediconsult were Messrs. Sutcliffe and
Ingram. This meeting was followed by subsequent meetings in

October and November 2000, attended by additional members of the Cybear and
Mediconsult senior management teams, including complete mutual due diligence
and presentations of corporate strategies and financial plans.

     On October 24, 2000, Mediconsult engaged McFarland Dewey as its financial
advisor.

     On November 2, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss the status of any possible strategic transactions. During
the meeting, Mr. Sutcliffe reported that after exploring options with a number
of potential parties, he believed that only the third party who had approached
Mediconsult in August presented a viable alternative at that time.
Mediconsult's senior management and legal advisors then presented the principal
terms of the proposed combination with the third party who had approached
Mediconsult in August to its board of directors for discussion.

     In the first week of December 2000, Andrx Corporation, via Cybear Inc.,
submitted a proposal to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of
Mediconsult in a stock-for-stock acquisition, or a tax-free exchange offer, in
exchange for Cybear tracking stock. On December 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board
of directors held a special meeting to discuss the terms of Cybear's proposal
with Mediconsult's senior management and legal and financial advisors. After
some discussion, the Mediconsult board of directors proposed several
modifications to Cybear's proposal. On December 6, 2000, a term sheet was
signed, including a 21-day exclusivity period.

     On December 8, 2000, Andrx Corporation submitted a draft merger agreement
to Mediconsult. Over the course of the next month, representatives of Andrx
Corporation and Mediconsult and their respective advisors completed their due
diligence investigations and proceeded to negotiate the terms of the final
merger agreement.

     On January 3, 2001, senior executives of both Andrx Corporation and Cybear
made a presentation to the Mediconsult board of directors regarding each of
their respective businesses and the possible benefits of combining Mediconsult
and Cybear.

     On January 4, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss with its financial and legal advisors the details of the
proposed transaction with Cybear, including the consideration of 43%-45% of the
outstanding Cybear tracking stock to be received by Mediconsult's stockholders,
management and certain of Mediconsult's debtors after the merger and a brief
outline of the terms of the $2,000,000 of interim financing that Cybear agreed
to provide to fund Mediconsult's operating costs between the signing and
closing of the proposed transaction. In addition, representatives of Covington
& Burling, Mediconsult's outside legal advisors, made a presentation to the
Mediconsult board of directors regarding their legal due diligence on Cybear
and Andrx Corporation and representatives of McFarland Dewey, financial
advisors to Mediconsult, made a presentation regarding their analysis of the
financial terms of proposed transaction and discussed the results of the
negotiations with the two companies.

     On January 9, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to vote on the proposed transaction with Andrx Corporation and Cybear.
At this meeting, Mr. Ingram summarized the principal terms of the merger
agreement, including the credit agreement and related loan documents. McFarland
Dewey then followed up with a brief review of the presentation they made to the
Mediconsult board of directors at the January 4, 2001 meeting and expressed its
opinion that the exchange ratio was fair to the holders of Mediconsult common
stock, from a financial point of view. Following these presentations and
discussions, the Mediconsult board of directors unanimously approved the merger
agreement. After the close of business that day, Andrx Corporation and
Mediconsult executed the merger agreement and issued a joint press release
announcing the merger on the morning of January 10, 2001.

Opinion of Mediconsult's Financial Advisor

     The board of directors of Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey to deliver
an opinion in connection with the merger. On January 9, 2001, McFarland Dewey
delivered to the Mediconsult

board of directors an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated January 9, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date, and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in the opinion,
the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Mediconsult shares.

     The full text of the definitive written McFarland Dewey opinion, dated
January 9, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, the procedures
followed, the matters considered and the limitations on the scope of the review
undertaken by McFarland Dewey in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex B
to this proxy statement/prospectus. Mediconsult's stockholders are urged to
read the McFarland Dewey opinion carefully and in its entirety. The summary of
the McFarland Dewey opinion set forth in this proxy statement/prospectus is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.
Mediconsult's stockholders should note that:

   o The opinion does not address the merits of the underlying decision of the
     Mediconsult board of directors to proceed with or effect the merger and
     does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
     stockholder should vote with respect to the merger agreement.

   o McFarland Dewey was not engaged by Mediconsult to participate in or
     advise with respect to the negotiation of the terms of the merger or any
     other alternative transaction and has not done so. Without limiting the
     foregoing, although in connection with the preparation of the opinion,
     McFarland Dewey did not assist Mediconsult in soliciting indications of
     interest from third parties for the acquisition of Mediconsult, McFarland
     Dewey considered the limited market check conducted by Mediconsult's
     previous financial advisor.

   o McFarland Dewey does not express an opinion as to the terms of any
     transaction related to or ancillary to the merger, financial or otherwise,
     such as the financings contemplated by Mediconsult in the form of loan(s)
     from Cybear in connection with the merger.

     The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete description
of the analyses underlying the McFarland Dewey opinion or the presentation made
by McFarland Dewey to the Mediconsult board of directors. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various determinations
as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore,
such an opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. In arriving at its opinion, McFarland Dewey did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor. Accordingly, McFarland Dewey believes that its analysis must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analysis, without
considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion.

     In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of McFarland
Dewey, Mediconsult, Cybear or Andrx Corporation. Any estimates contained in the
analyses performed by McFarland Dewey are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than suggested by such analyses. Additionally, estimates of the value of
businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which such businesses or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, such analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty. In addition, as described above, the McFarland Dewey opinion was
among several factors taken into consideration by the Mediconsult board of
directors in making its determination to approve the merger. Consequently, the
McFarland Dewey analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative

of the decision of the Mediconsult board of directors or Mediconsult's
management with respect to the fairness of the exchange ratio of the merger.

     In arriving at its opinion, McFarland Dewey, among other things:

   o reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
     relating to Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear which McFarland
     Dewey deemed to be relevant;

   o reviewed certain confidential information, including financial forecasts
     furnished to McFarland Dewey by Mediconsult, relating to the business,
     earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of each of
     Mediconsult and Cybear;

   o conducted discussions with members of senior management and
     representatives of Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear concerning
     the matters described in the clauses above, as well as their respective
     businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to the merger;

     o visited the facilities of both Mediconsult and Cybear;

   o reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for Mediconsult shares
     of outstanding common stock and Cybear shares of outstanding tracking
     stock and compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies
     which McFarland Dewey deemed to be relevant;

   o reviewed the results of operations of Mediconsult and Cybear and compared
     them with those of certain publicly traded companies which McFarland Dewey
     deemed to be relevant;

   o compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
     terms of certain other transactions which McFarland Dewey deemed to be
     relevant;

   o reviewed the impact of the merger on the combined company which reflected
     the impact of purchase accounting;

     o reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated January 5, 2001; and

   o reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into account
     such other matters as McFarland Dewey deemed relevant, including McFarland
     Dewey's assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

     In preparing its opinion, McFarland Dewey assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to McFarland Dewey, discussed with or reviewed by McFarland Dewey, or
publicly available. McFarland Dewey did not assume any responsibility for
independently verifying such information. McFarland Dewey has not undertaken an
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of
Mediconsult or Cybear or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.

     Additionally, McFarland Dewey assumed that:

   o Mediconsult would be unable to secure alternative financing in sufficient
     time to provide working capital to continue operations, and that if such
     financing was not obtained, Mediconsult would be unable to continue as a
     going concern in the absence of the consummation of the merger and would
     likely seek protection from creditors under the bankruptcy laws;

   o based on time constraints and Mediconsult's current circumstances, the
     merger is the best available transaction or course of action practically
     available that would address Mediconsult's liquidity and other financial
     concerns;

   o the information furnished to or discussed with McFarland Dewey by
     Mediconsult or Cybear has been prepared on a reasonable basis in
     accordance with industry practice and, with respect to financial planning
     data, reflects the best currently available estimates and judgment of
     Mediconsult's or Cybear's management as to the expected future financial
     performance of Mediconsult or Cybear, and that the management of
     Mediconsult or Cybear is not aware of any information or facts that would
     make the information provided to McFarland Dewey incomplete or misleading;

   o there have been no material changes in Mediconsult's assets, financial
     condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the date of
     the last financial statements or information made available to McFarland
     Dewey;

   o the merger will be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted
     accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free
     reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

   o that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially
     similar to the last draft reviewed by McFarland Dewey.

     The McFarland Dewey opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of
such opinion. Other than as set forth in the draft merger agreement reviewed by
McFarland Dewey, McFarland Dewey assumed that no material third party approvals
regarding Mediconsult or Cybear with respect to any contracts or otherwise will
be necessary.

     McFarland Dewey reviewed and analyzed the proposed terms of the merger,
and observed that:

     o Following the merger, Mediconsult would be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Andrx Corporation;

   o As a result of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of common
     stock of Mediconsult would be converted into the right to receive 0.1430
     shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to the adjustment provided for in
     the merger agreement. If the maximum adjustment was made, the exchange
     ratio would be reduced to 0.1144.

     o Mediconsult had negative working capital of approximately $7,179,000 as
     of December 31, 2000;

   o Upon signing of the merger agreement, Cybear agreed to loan Mediconsult
     up to $2,000,000 with a maturity date of July 15, 2001;

   o Mediconsult's shares of common stock outstanding as of the consummation
     of the merger will increase to approximately 82,056,000 shares due to the
     conversion of existing Mediconsult liabilities to common stock; and

   o Total transaction value, based on 82,056,000 shares of outstanding
     Mediconsult common stock, was approximately $6,556,000.

     The following is a brief summary of the material analyses prepared by
McFarland Dewey in connection with the rendering of the McFarland Dewey
opinion.

     Stock Price History. To provide contextual data and comparative market
data, McFarland Dewey examined the history of the trading prices for both
Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult common stock and their relative
relationships to each other for the latest twelve months and compared the
results to the NASDAQ Index and S & P 500 Index. This information was prepared
solely to provide background information regarding the stock prices of
Mediconsult and Cybear over the periods indicated below as both companies
similarly under-performed the two indices.

     Comparison of Selected Comparable Companies. McFarland Dewey compared the
trading multiples for Mediconsult to corresponding multiples of a select group
of e-health companies

consisting of Allscripts Inc, drkoop.com Inc., Drugstore.com Inc,
HealthCentral.com, HealthGate Data Corporation, Healthstream Inc,
Medicalogic/Medscape Inc, PlanetRX.com, Sciquest.com Inc, WebMD Corporation,
and Cybear. Based on its analysis, McFarland Dewey derived a summary reference
range of implied enterprise values of Mediconsult.

     The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's company
comparable analyses.

                                            Implied Mediconsult
                                                 Multiple                   Comparable Company Multiples
                                          -----------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                                                                          Adjusted
                                              Low         High        Low      Median     Average        High
                                          ----------   ----------   -------   --------   ---------   -----------

Exchange Ratio                              0.1144       0.1430
- ---------------------------------------     ------       ------
Transaction Value/Book Value ..........       0.04x        0.05x    0.05x      0.22x        0.27x       290.94x
Transaction Value/LTM Revenue .........       0.30x        0.33x    0.26x      1.20x        1.78x         7.83x
Transaction Value/Last QTR
 Annualized ...........................       0.23x        0.25x    0.22x      0.79x        1.52x         6.96x
Revenue ...............................
Transaction Value/Estimated 2000
 Revenue ..............................       0.29x        0.32x    0.21x      0.74x        1.39x         5.47x
Transaction Value/Estimated 2001
 Revenue ..............................       0.31x        0.34x    0.12x      0.32x        0.60x         3.06x

     The analysis indicated that, with the exception of Transaction Value to
Book Value, Mediconsult's implied multiples exceeded the low end of the range
of comparable multiples but were well below the adjusted average and median
multiples. None of the comparable companies is identical to Mediconsult.
Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that could
ultimately affect the value of Mediconsult.

     Analysis of Selected Comparable Transactions. McFarland Dewey reviewed
certain publicly available information regarding fifty-four select e-health
related acquisitions and calculated transaction value to last twelve months
sales multiples for such transactions. Due to the significant downturn in the
public markets at the end of March 2000, the fifty-four transactions were
separated into two groups; pre- and post-market downturn. Based on
Mediconsult's last twelve months negative EBIT and net income, McFarland Dewey
did not consider EBIT and net income to be a useful comparison.

     The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's analysis
of transactions comparable to the merger.

                                                Implied Mediconsult
                                                     Multiple                 Comparable Transaction Multiples
                                              -----------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                                                                              Adjusted
                                                  Low         High        Low      Median     Average        High
                                              ----------   ----------   -------   --------   ---------   -----------

Exchange Ratio                                  0.1144       0.1430
- -------------------------------------------     ------       ------
Transaction Value to LTM Sales:
Pre-April Public Market Downturn ..........       0.30x        0.33x    0.77x      6.05x       6.67x         32.23x
Post-April Public Market Downturn .........       0.30x        0.33x    0.95x      4.28x       4.83x        116.01x

     The analysis indicated that Mediconsult's implied multiples were below the
low end of the range of comparable multiples. No company or transaction used in
the above analysis as a comparison was identical to Mediconsult. Accordingly,
an analysis of the results of the comparison is not purely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
historical and projected financial and operating characteristics of the
comparable acquired companies and other factors that could affect the
acquisition value of such companies and Mediconsult.

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. As the future viability of Mediconsult as a
going concern is assumed to be in question beyond March 2001, McFarland Dewey
believes that a discounted cash flow analysis would not be a meaningful measure
of value or reference for comparative value.

     Earnings Per Share Analysis And Balance Sheet Effect. McFarland Dewey
reviewed the accretion or dilution that the merger would have on pro forma
earnings per share indicated by the projections prepared by the managements of
Mediconsult and Cybear and by the total annual expense reduction for the fiscal
year 2001, resulting from the merger. McFarland Dewey also reviewed the impact
that the merger would have on the projected pro forma balance sheet.

     McFarland Dewey has, in the past, provided financial advisory services to
Mediconsult in connection with its merger with Physicians' Online as well as in
connection with other transactions and received compensation for such services.
Pursuant to a letter dated December 26, 2000, Mediconsult has agreed to pay
McFarland Dewey a cash fee of $250,000 and 500,000 shares of Mediconsult common
stock upon the rendering of the fairness opinion. McFarland Dewey may provide
such services to the surviving corporation in the merger and/or its affiliates
and may receive fees for the rendering of such services.

     Additionally, Mediconsult agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
fees and disbursements of its legal counsel. Mediconsult has also agreed to
indemnify McFarland Dewey and certain related persons for certain liabilities
related to or arising out of its engagement, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

     Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey based upon McFarland Dewey's
experience and expertise. McFarland Dewey, as part of its investment banking
business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, competitive bids, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

Recommendation of Mediconsult's Board of Directors

     Mediconsult's board of directors believes that the merger is advisable,
fair to and in the best interests of Mediconsult and its stockholders and
unanimously recommends to its stockholders that they vote "FOR" the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement.

Interests of Certain Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger

     Other than as described herein, no director or executive officer of
Mediconsult, and no associate of any such person, has any substantial interest,
direct or indirect, in the merger, other than an interest arising from the
ownership of Mediconsult common stock, in which case the director or officer
receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all
other holders of Mediconsult common stock.

     Certain members of Mediconsult's management and board of directors may be
deemed to have interests in the merger in addition to their interests as
stockholders of Mediconsult generally. In each case, the Mediconsult board of
directors either was aware of these factors or, with respect to interests that
arose subsequent to the signing of the merger agreement, was aware of their
potential, and considered them, among other matters, in approving the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

     Indemnification. The merger agreement provides that Andrx Corporation
shall for a period of four years after the effective time of the merger
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, each present and former director, officer, employee, trustee
and agent of Mediconsult or any of its subsidiaries, including each person
controlling any of the foregoing persons, for any acts or omissions, or alleged
acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such to

the extent they were indemnified by Mediconsult on the date of the merger
agreement. Andrx Corporation shall also maintain Mediconsult's existing
directors' and officers' liability insurance policies, or policies providing
terms at least as favorable as the existing policies, for a period of four
years after the effective time of the merger.

Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock

     Under Andrx Corporation's current capital structure, there are two classes
of common stock-- Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock. Specifically,
the Cybear tracking stock is common stock of Andrx that, unlike typical common
stock, is designed to track the financial performance of a specific group of
Andrx Corporation's business operations and related allocated assets, rather
than operations and assets of the entire company. For instance, operations and
assets dedicated to Andrx Corporation's Internet assets are referred to as
Cybear. Therefore, the Cybear tracking stock is not stock of Cybear, but rather
a class of Andrx Corporation's common stock containing special provisions
intended to tie the value of that stock primarily to the operations and assets
that it attributes to Cybear.

     The chief mechanism intended to cause the Cybear tracking stock to "track"
the financial performance of Cybear are special provisions in Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation governing dividends and
distributions. The provisions governing dividends provide that Andrx
Corporation's board of directors has discretion to decide if and when to
declare dividends subject to certain limitations. Those limitations are
dependent, in part, upon the excess of earnings and paid-in capital or of the
fair value of the net assets allocated to Cybear over the outstanding Cybear
tracking stock's combined par value and amounts needed to satisfy preferences
and debt obligations allocated to the related division. Within these and other,
general limitations under the certificate of incorporation and Delaware law,
the amount of any dividend payment will be at the Andrx Corporation's board of
directors' discretion. When deciding whether to declare a dividend, and for how
much, the board of directors would consider, among other things, the earnings,
financial condition, capital requirements and level of indebtedness of Andrx or
Cybear, as the case may be. To date, Andrx Corporation has never paid or
declared a cash dividend on shares of any of its series of common stock, nor
does Andrx Corporation anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Unless
declared, dividends do not accrue on the Cybear tracking stock.

     Andrx Corporation aids investors in evaluating the net worth and earnings
performance of each of its groups by:

     o defining in its certificate of incorporation, those assets that will
initially comprise the group; and

   o publishing quarterly financial statements that break out the assets and
     liabilities and results of operations of each group for the reported
     periods.

The financial statements include audited annual and unaudited quarterly
financial statements and separate management's discussions and analysis for
each group division and Andrx Corporation. Andrx Corporation manages and
accounts for transactions between the groups and with third parties, and any
resulting re-allocations of assets and liabilities, by applying consistently
between the groups a detailed set of policies established by its board of
directors. The policies appear in Annex D of this proxy statement/prospectus.
With some exceptions contained in the policies, Andrx Corporation's board of
directors retains the discretion to revise the policies at any time, subject to
its fiduciary duties to stockholders.

     The separate financial statements do not represent any physical
segregation of assets among divisions or separate division accounts. They are
an accounting presentation only, for the purpose of permitting investors to
assess the financial performance of the operations and assets allocated to each
group.

     While the common stocks are designed to reflect a group's performance,
they remain common stocks of the entire company. Therefore, a holder of Cybear
tracking stock is a common stockholder

subject to the risks of investing in the business, assets and liabilities of
Andrx Corporation as a whole. For instance, the assets allocated to any group
are nonetheless subject to company-wide claims of creditors, product liability
plaintiffs and stockholder litigation. Also, in the event of Andrx
Corporation's liquidation, insolvency or similar event, a holder of Andrx
Corporation common stock would have no direct claim against the assets
allocated to the corresponding tracked group; a holder of common stock would
only have the rights of a common stockholder in the combined assets of Andrx
Corporation, subject also to Andrx Corporation's allocation of liquidation
units as discussed below under the heading "Liquidation."

     If the merger is approved, you will be exchanging your Mediconsult common
stock for Cybear tracking stock. A summary of the material terms of the Andrx
capital stock is set forth below. The summary is not complete. We encourage you
to read the certificate of incorporation which is attached as Annex C.

Authorized and Outstanding Shares

     The certificate of incorporation authorizes Andrx Corporation to issue
151,000,000 shares of capital stock as follows: 100,000,000 shares of a class
of common stock, designated as Andrx common stock, 50,000,000 shares of a class
of common stock, designated as Cybear tracking stock, and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock. Shares of each class of stock will have a par value of $0.001
per share. The board of directors will be able to issue shares of preferred
stock in series, without stockholder approval. As of February 9, 2001,
69,642,251 shares of Andrx common stock, 15,207,250 shares of the Cybear
tracking stock, and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding.

Dividends

     Dividends on the Andrx common stock and dividends on the Cybear tracking
stock are limited to an amount not greater than the Available Dividend Amount
as defined in the certificate of incorporation for the relevant group.

     Delaware law limits the amount of distributions on capital stock to the
legally available funds, which are determined on the basis of the entire
company, and not only the respective groups. As a result, the amount of legally
available funds will reflect the amount of any net losses of each group, any
distributions on Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or any preferred
stock and any repurchases of Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or
certain preferred stock. Dividend payments on the Andrx common stock and on the
Cybear tracking stock could be precluded because legally available funds are
not available under Delaware law, even though the Available Dividend Amount
test for the particular relevant group was met. Andrx Corporation cannot assure
stockholders that there will be an Available Dividend Amount for either group.

     Subject to the prior payment of dividends on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock and the limitations described above, the board of directors is
able, in its sole discretion, to declare and pay dividends exclusively on the
Andrx common stock, exclusively on the Cybear tracking stock or on both, in
equal or unequal amounts. In making its dividend decisions, the board of
directors will not be required to take into account the relative Available
Dividend Amounts for the two groups, the amount of prior dividends declared on
either class, the respective voting or liquidation rights of either class or
any other factor.

Conversion and Redemption

     The certificate of incorporation permits the conversion or redemption of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.

     Mandatory Dividend, Redemption or Conversion of Common Stock If
Disposition of Cybear Assets Occurs. If Andrx Corporation sells, transfers,
assigns or otherwise disposes of, in one

transaction or a series of related transactions, all or substantially all of
the properties and assets attributed to Cybear, Andrx Corporation is required,
except as described below, to:

   o pay a dividend in cash and/or securities or other property to the holders
     of the Cybear tracking stock having a fair value equal to the net proceeds
     of the disposition;

   o if the disposition involves all, but not merely substantially all, of
     such properties and assets, redeem all outstanding shares of the Cybear
     tracking stock for cash and/or securities or other property having a fair
     value equal to the net proceeds of the disposition;

   o if the disposition involves substantially all, but not all, of such
     properties and assets, redeem or exchange that number of whole shares of
     the class of Cybear tracking stock as have in the aggregate an average
     market value, during the period of ten consecutive trading days beginning
     on the 26th trading day immediately succeeding the consummation date,
     closest to the net proceeds of the disposition; and the redemption price
     will be cash and/or securities or other property having a fair value equal
     to such net proceeds; or

   o convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock to a number of
     shares of Andrx common stock equal to 110% of the ratio of the average
     market value of one share of Cybear tracking stock to the average market
     value of one share of Andrx common stock during the 10-trading day period
     beginning on the 26th trading day following the disposition date.

     Andrx Corporation may only pay a dividend or redeem shares of common stock
as set forth above if it has legally available funds under Delaware law and the
amount to be paid to holders is less than or equal to the Available Dividend
Amount for the Cybear Group. Andrx Corporation is required to pay this dividend
or complete a redemption or conversion on or prior to the 95th trading day
following the disposition.

     For purposes of determining whether a disposition has occurred,
"substantially all of the properties and assets" attributed to Cybear means a
portion of such properties and assets:

   o that represents at least 80% of the then fair value of the properties and
     assets attributed to Cybear; or

   o from which were derived at least 80% of the aggregate revenues of Cybear
     for the immediately preceding 12 fiscal quarterly periods.

     The "net proceeds" of a disposition means an amount equal to what remains
of the gross proceeds of the disposition after any payment of, or reasonable
provision is made as determined by the board of directors for:

   o any taxes payable by Andrx Corporation or which would have been payable
     but for the utilization of tax benefits attributable to Andrx, in respect
     of the disposition or in respect of any resulting dividend or redemption;

   o any transaction costs, including, without limitation, any legal,
     investment banking and accounting fees and expenses; and

   o any liabilities of or attributed to Cybear, including, without
     limitation, any liabilities for deferred taxes, any indemnity or guarantee
     obligations incurred in connection with the disposition or otherwise, any
     liabilities for future purchase price adjustments and any preferential
     amounts plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends in respect of the
     preferred stock attributed to Cybear.

     Andrx Corporation may elect to pay the dividend or redemption price in
connection with a disposition either in the same form as the proceeds of the
disposition were received or in any other

combination of cash, securities or other property that the Andrx Corporation
board of directors determines will have an aggregate market value of not less
than the fair value of the net proceeds.

     The following illustration demonstrates the provisions requiring a
mandatory dividend, redemption or conversion if a disposition occurs. If:

   o 60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares of Cybear
     tracking stock were outstanding,

   o the net proceeds of the disposition of substantially all, but not all, of
     the assets of Cybear equals $50 million,

   o the average market value of the Cybear tracking stock during the
     10-trading day valuation period was $2 per share and

   o the average market value of the Andrx common stock during the same
     valuation period was $100 per share,

then Andrx Corporation could do any of the following:

     (1) pay a dividend to the holders of shares of Cybear tracking stock equal
to:

                 net proceeds                 =     $50 million      =     $1.66 per share
- -------------------------------------------         --------------
       number of outstanding shares of               30 million
            Cybear tracking stock

     (2) redeem for $2 per share a number of shares of Cybear tracking stock
equal to:

         net proceeds         =     $50 million      =     25,000,000 shares
- ---------------------------         --------------
   average market value of            2 million
    Cybear tracking stock

     (3) convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock into a number
of shares of Andrx common stock equal to:

            Average market value of
  1.1 x      Cybear tracking stock      =     1.1 x     $  2 per share     =     0.022 shares
            -------------------------                   ----------------
            Average market value of                     $100 per share
               Andrx common stock

     Exceptions to the Dividend, Redemption or Conversion Requirement if a
Disposition Occurs.  Andrx Corporation is not required to take any of the above
actions for any disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and
assets of Cybear in a transaction or series of related transactions that
results in Andrx Corporation receiving for such properties and assets primarily
equity securities of any entity which:

   o acquires such properties or assets or succeeds to the business conducted
     with such properties or assets or controls such acquiror or successor; and

   o is primarily engaged or proposes to engage primarily in one or more
     businesses similar or complementary to the businesses conducted by Cybear
     prior to the disposition, as determined by the board of directors.

     The purpose of this exception is to enable Andrx Corporation technically
to "dispose" of properties or assets of Cybear to other entities engaged or
proposing to engage in businesses similar or complementary to those of Cybear
without requiring a dividend on, or a conversion or redemption

of, Cybear tracking stock, so long as Andrx Corporation holds an equity
interest in that entity. A joint venture in which Andrx Corporation owns a
direct or indirect equity interest is an example of such an acquiror. Andrx
Corporation is not required to control that entity, whether by ownership or
contract provisions.

     Andrx Corporation is also not required to effect a dividend, redemption or
conversion if the disposition is:

   o of all or substantially all of its properties and assets in one
     transaction or a series of related transactions in connection with its
     dissolution, liquidation or winding up and the distribution of its assets
     to stockholders;

   o on a pro rata basis, such as in a spin-off, to the holders of all
     outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock; or

     o made to any person or entity controlled by it, as determined by the
board of directors.

     Notices If Disposition of Group Assets Occurs. Not later than the 20th
trading day after the consummation of a disposition, Andrx Corporation will
announce publicly by press release:

     o the estimated net proceeds of the disposition;

     o the number of outstanding shares of the Cybear tracking stock; and

   o the number of shares of Cybear tracking stock into or for which
     convertible securities are then convertible, exchangeable or exercisable
     and the conversion, exchange or exercise price thereof.

     Not earlier than the 36th trading day and not later than the 40th trading
day after the consummation of the disposition, Andrx Corporation will announce
publicly by press release whether it will pay a dividend or redeem shares of
common stock with the net proceeds of the disposition or convert the Cybear
tracking stock into the Andrx common stock.

     Andrx Corporation is required to cause to be mailed to each holder of
shares of the Cybear tracking stock the additional notices and other
information required by the certificate of incorporation.

     Conversion of Cybear Tracking Stock at Andrx Corporation's Option at Any
Time. The Andrx Corporation board of directors may at any time after September
8, 2001, or at any time after a tax event occurs, convert each share of Cybear
tracking stock into a number of shares of Andrx common stock equal to a
percentage as set forth below of the ratio of the average market values of the
Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx common stock over a 20-trading day period.

 Any conversion date occurring after the following   Percentage of market value ratio of
 anniversary of the September 2000 reorganization    Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx
 and on or prior to the next such anniversary        common stock
- ---------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
 First ...........................................                   125%
 Second ..........................................                   120%
 Third ...........................................                   115%
 Fourth and Thereafter ...........................                   110%

     Andrx Corporation will calculate the ratio as of the fifth trading day
prior to the date it mails the conversion notice to holders. However, if a tax
event occurs at any time subsequent to the effective date, a factor of 100%
rather than the above percentages will be applied to the ratio of the average
market values. This means that the holders of the Cybear tracking stock will
not receive any premium in such conversion.

     "Tax event" means the receipt by Andrx Corporation of an opinion of its
tax advisors that, as a result of:

   o any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations interpreting such
     laws of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing
     authority, including any announced proposed change by an applicable
     legislative committee or its chair in such laws or by an administrative
     agency in such regulations, or

   o any official or administrative pronouncement, action or judicial decision
     interpreting or applying such laws or regulations,

it is more likely than not that for United States federal income tax purposes:

   o Andrx Corporation or its stockholders are, or, at any time in the future,
     will be subject to tax upon the issuance of shares of either Andrx common
     stock or Cybear tracking stock, or

   o Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock is not or, at any time in the
     future, will not be treated solely as stock of Andrx Corporation.

     These provisions allow Andrx Corporation the flexibility to recapitalize
the two classes of common stock into one class of common stock that would,
after such reorganization, represent an equity interest in all of its
businesses. The optional conversion or redemption could be exercised at any
future time if the Andrx Corporation board of directors determines that, under
the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure consisting of
two classes of common stock was no longer in the best interests of all of its
stockholders. Such exchange could be exercised, however, at a time that is
disadvantageous to the holders of one of the classes of common stock.

     Many factors could affect the market values of the Andrx common stock or
the Cybear tracking stock, including the results of operations of Andrx
Corporation and those of each of the groups, trading volume and general
economic and market conditions. Market values could also be affected by
decisions by the board of directors or management that investors perceive to
affect differently one class of common stock compared to the other. These
decisions could include changes to the management and allocation policies,
transfers of assets between groups, allocations of corporate opportunities and
financing resources between the groups and changes in dividend policies.

     The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number of
shares issuable upon conversion of Cybear tracking stock into shares of Andrx
common stock at Andrx Corporation's option between the second and third
anniversaries of the reorganization. If:

     o a tax event has not occurred,

   o 30 million shares of Cybear tracking stock and 60 million shares of Andrx
     common stock were outstanding immediately prior to a conversion,

   o the average market value of one share of the Cybear tracking stock over
     the 10-trading day valuation period was $2, and

   o the average market value of one share of Andrx common stock over the same
     valuation period was $100, then each share of Cybear tracking stock could
     be converted into 0.02 shares of Andrx common stock based on the following
     calculation:

  1.2 x     $  2      =     0.02 shares
            ----
            $100

     Redemption in Exchange for Stock of Subsidiary. The Andrx Corporation
board of directors may redeem on a pro rata basis all of the outstanding shares
of Andrx common stock or Cybear

tracking stock for shares of the common stock of one or more of its
wholly-owned subsidiaries which own all of the assets and liabilities
attributed to the relevant group. If at the time of any such redemption of
Andrx common stock, Andrx is entitled to Number of Cybear Designated Shares, as
defined in the certificate of incorporation, it will also issue an equal number
of shares of Cybear tracking stock either to (1) the holders of the Andrx
common stock or (2) one or more of those Andrx Corporation subsidiaries. Andrx
Corporation may redeem shares of common stock for subsidiary stock only if it
has legally available funds under Delaware law.

     These provisions are intended to give Andrx Corporation increased
flexibility with respect to spinning-off the assets of one of the groups by
transferring the assets of that group to one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries
and redeeming the shares of common stock related to that group in exchange for
stock of such subsidiary or subsidiaries. As a result of any such redemption,
holders of each class of common stock would hold securities of separate legal
entities operating in distinct lines of business. Such a redemption could be
authorized by the board of directors at any time in the future if it determines
that, under the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure
comprised of the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock is no longer
in the best interests of all of the stockholders as a whole.

     Selection of Shares for Redemption. If less than all of the outstanding
shares of a class of common stock are to be redeemed, Andrx Corporation will
redeem such shares proportionately from among the holders of outstanding shares
of such common stock or by such method as may be determined by its board of
directors to be equitable.

     Fractional Interests; Transfer Taxes. Andrx Corporation will not be
required to issue fractional shares of any capital stock or any fractional
securities to any holder of either class of common stock upon any conversion,
redemption, dividend or other distribution described above. If a fraction is
not issued to a holder, Andrx Corporation will pay cash instead of such
fraction.

     Andrx Corporation will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or
transfer taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of any
shares of capital stock and/or other securities on conversion or redemption of
shares.

Voting Rights

     The certificate of incorporation provides that the entire voting power of
the stockholders will be vested in the holders of common stock, who will be
entitled to vote on any matter on which stockholders are entitled to vote,
except as otherwise required by the board of directors or provided by law or
stock exchange rules, by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock or by any
provision of the certificate of incorporation restricting the power to vote on
a specified matter to other stockholders. Holders of common stock will vote as
a single class on each matter on which holders of common stock are generally
entitled to vote.

     On all matters as to which both classes of common stock vote together as a
single class:

     o each share of Andrx common stock will have one vote; and

   o each share of Cybear tracking stock will have a number of votes equal to
     the quotient of the average market value of a share of Cybear tracking
     stock over the 20-trading day period ending on the 10th trading day prior
     to the record date for determining the holders of common stock entitled to
     vote, divided by the average market value of a share of Andrx common stock
     over the same period; provided, however, in the event the holders of the
     Cybear tracking stock shall hold in excess of 25% of the total voting
     power, the vote of Cybear tracking stock shall be reduced to represent 25%
     of the total voting power.

     Accordingly, the relative per share voting rights of the Andrx common
stock and the Cybear tracking stock will fluctuate depending on changes in the
relative market values of shares of such classes of common stock.

     The Andrx common stock currently has and Andrx Corporation expects that it
will continue to have a substantial majority of the voting power because it
expects that the aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of Andrx
common stock will be substantially greater than the aggregate market value of
the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock. As of the record date, the
holders of the Cybear tracking stock have less than 1% of the total voting
power of Andrx Corporation common stock.

     Andrx Corporation will set forth the number of outstanding shares of Andrx
common stock and Cybear tracking stock in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and
its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act. Andrx
Corporation will disclose in any proxy statement for a stockholders' meeting
the number of outstanding shares and per share voting rights of the Andrx
common stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

     If shares of only one class of common stock are outstanding, each share of
that class will have one vote. If either class of common stock is entitled to
vote as a separate class with respect to any matter, each share of that class
will, for purpose of such vote, have one vote on such matter.

     Fluctuations in the relative voting rights of the Andrx common stock and
the Cybear tracking stock could influence an investor interested in acquiring
and maintaining a fixed percentage of the voting power of the stock to acquire
such percentage of both classes of common stock, and would limit the ability of
investors in one class to acquire for the same consideration relatively more or
less votes per share than investors in the other class.

     The holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will not have
any rights to vote separately as a class on any matter coming before the Andrx
Corporation stockholders, except for certain limited class voting rights
provided under Delaware law. In addition to the approval of the holders of a
majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock voting together as a
single class, the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Andrx
common stock or the Cybear tracking stock, voting as a separate class, would be
required under Delaware law to approve any amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that would change the par value of the shares of the class or
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of such
class so as to affect them adversely. As permitted by Delaware law, the
certificate of incorporation provides that an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that increases or decreases the number of authorized shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will only require the approval of
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock,
voting together as a single class, and will not require the approval of the
holders of the class of common stock affected by such amendment, voting as a
separate class.

     The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number of
votes each share of Cybear tracking stock would be entitled on all matters on
which holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock vote as a single
class.

     If the average market value for the 20-trading day valuation period was $2
for the Cybear tracking stock and $100 for the Andrx common stock, each share
of Andrx common stock would have one vote and each share of Cybear tracking
stock would have 0.02 votes based on the following calculation:

  $  2      =     0.02 votes
- ------
  $100

     Assuming 60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares of
Cybear tracking stock were outstanding, the shares of Andrx common stock would
represent approximately 99% of the total voting power and the shares of Cybear
tracking stock would represent approximately 1% of the total voting power.

Liquidation

     Currently, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or termination,
after payment, or provision for payment, of its debts and other liabilities and
the payment of full preferential amounts to which the

holders of any preferred stock are entitled, holders of existing Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock are entitled to share equally in their
remaining net assets.

     The certificate of incorporation provides that in the event of a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, after payment or provision for payment
of the debts and other liabilities and full preferential amounts to which
holders of any preferred stock are entitled, regardless of the group to which
such shares of preferred stock were attributed, the holders of Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock will be entitled to receive the assets
remaining for distribution to holders of common stock on a per share basis in
proportion to the liquidation units per share of such class. Each share of
Andrx common stock has one liquidation unit. Each share of Cybear tracking
stock will have a number of liquidation units equal to the quotient of the
average market value of a share of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading
day period ending on the 40th trading day after the effective date of the
reorganization, divided by the average market value of a share of Andrx common
stock over the same period.

     After the number of liquidation units to which each share of Cybear
tracking stock is entitled has been calculated in accordance with this formula,
that number will not be changed without the approval of holders of the class of
common stock adversely affected. As a result, after the date of the calculation
of the number of liquidation units to which the Cybear tracking stock is
entitled, the liquidation rights of the holders of the respective classes of
common stock may not bear any relationship to the relative market values or the
relative voting rights of the two classes. Andrx Corporation's financial
advisors believe that, in general, these liquidation provisions are immaterial
to trading in the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

     No holder of Andrx common stock has any special right to receive specific
assets of Andrx and no holder of Cybear tracking stock has any special right to
receive specific assets of Cybear in the case of the dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of Andrx Corporation.

     If Andrx Corporation subdivides or combines the outstanding shares of
either class of common stock or declare a dividend or other distribution of
shares of either class of common stock to holders of such class of common
stock, the number of liquidation units of either class of common stock will be
appropriately adjusted, as determined by the board of directors, to avoid any
dilution in the aggregate, relative liquidation rights of any class of common
stock.

     Neither a merger nor consolidation of Andrx Corporation into or with any
other corporation, nor any sale, transfer or lease of all or any part of its
assets, will, alone, be deemed a liquidation or winding up of Andrx
Corporation, or cause its dissolution for purposes of these liquidation
provisions.

Determinations by the Board of Directors

     Any determinations made in good faith by the Andrx Corporation board of
directors under any provision described under "Description of Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock," and any determinations with respect to any
group or the rights of holders of shares of either class of common stock, will
be final and binding on all of Andrx Corporation's stockholders, subject to the
rights of stockholders under applicable Delaware law and under the federal
securities laws.

Preemptive Rights

     Neither the holders of the Andrx common stock nor the holders of the
Cybear tracking stock have any preemptive rights or any rights to convert their
shares into any other securities of Andrx Corporation.

Cybear Designated Shares

     Andrx, in the future, may hold an equity interest in Cybear in the form of
"Number of Cybear Designated Shares" as a result of future contributions of
cash or property to Cybear described below.

The Andrx Corporation board of directors could create Number of Cybear
Designated Shares if it determines that (1) Cybear requires additional equity
capital to finance its business and (2) Andrx should supply that capital.

     Number of Cybear Designated Shares are authorized shares of Cybear
tracking stock that are not issued and outstanding, but which the board of
directors, pursuant to the management and allocation policies, may from time to
time issue without allocating the proceeds or other benefits of such issuance
to Cybear. The Number of Cybear Designated Shares are not eligible to receive
dividends and can not be voted.

     The Number of Cybear Designated Shares will initially be zero but from
     time to time will be:

   o adjusted as appropriate to reflect subdivisions and combinations of the
     Cybear tracking stock and dividends or distributions of shares of Cybear
     tracking stock to holders of Cybear tracking stock and other
     reclassifications of Cybear tracking stock;

   o increased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the
     fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Andrx that is
     contributed to Cybear to increase the Number of Cybear Designated Shares
     by (2) the average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the
     20-trading day period immediately prior to the date of transfer;

   o decreased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the
     fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Cybear that is
     contributed to Andrx to reduce the Number of Cybear Designated Shares by
     (2) the average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading
     day period immediately prior to the date of contribution; and

   o decreased by the number of newly issued shares of Cybear tracking stock,
     the proceeds of which have been allocated to Andrx, or issued as a
     dividend or distribution or by reclassification, exchange or otherwise to
     holders of Andrx common stock.

Preferred Stock

     The Andrx Corporation board of directors is authorized to issue shares of
preferred stock at any time, without stockholder approval. It has the authority
to determine all aspects of those shares, including the following:

     o the designation and number of shares;

   o the dividend rate and preferences, if any, which dividends on that series
     of preferred stock will have compared to any other class or series of
     Andrx Corporation capital stock;

     o the voting rights, if any;

     o the conversion privileges, if any, applicable to that series;

   o the redemption price or prices and the other terms of redemption, if any,
     applicable to that series;

     o sinking fund provisions; and

     o the voluntary and involuntary liquidation preferences.

     Any of these terms could have an adverse effect on the availability of
earnings for distribution to the holders of Cybear tracking stock or for other
corporate purposes. Voting rights of holders of preferred stock could adversely
affect the voting power of stockholders of Cybear tracking stock,

Andrx common stock or both and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or
impeding a change of control of Andrx Corporation. This could protect the
continuity of Andrx Corporation's management and possibly deprive stockholders
of an opportunity to sell their shares at prices higher than the prevailing
market prices.

Description of Management and Allocation Policies

     Andrx Corporation's board of directors established policies to address a
number of issues with respect to the financing of Andrx and Cybear, competition
between groups, inter-group business transactions, corporate opportunities and
the allocation of debt, corporate overhead, interest, taxes and other charges
between the two groups. These policies establish charges between the two groups
on an objective basis and, except as described below, to ensure that
transactions between Andrx and Cybear are made on terms that approximate the
terms that could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties. We have included
these policies as Annex D.

     A summary of the management and allocation policies that are currently in
place are set forth below.

Policies Subject to Change without Stockholder Approval

     The board of directors may modify, rescind or make exceptions to these
policies, or may adopt additional policies, in its sole discretion without
stockholder approval. However, the board of directors has no present plans to
do so. A board of directors' decision to modify or rescind such policies, or
adopt additional policies could have different effects upon holders of Andrx
common stock and holders of Cybear tracking stock or could result in a benefit
or detriment to one class of stockholders compared to the other class. The
board of directors would make any such decision in accordance with its good
faith business judgment that such decision is in the best interests of Andrx
Corporation and all of its stockholders as a whole.

Interests to be Attributed to the Groups

     It is Andrx Corporation's intent to attribute to Cybear all of its
interests worldwide in Internet business related to the healthcare industry
other than any Internet business related to the marketing, manufacture,
purchase, warehousing, developing, sale and distribution of pharmaceuticals.
Accordingly, upon completion of the merger, Mediconsult will become part of
Cybear. All other of Andrx Corporation's interests not allocated to Cybear are
allocated to Andrx.

Fiduciary and Management Responsibilities

     Under Delaware law, absent an abuse of discretion, a director or officer
will be deemed to have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to Andrx
Corporation and its stockholders if that person is disinterested and acts in
accordance with his or her good faith business judgment in the interests of
Andrx Corporation and all of the stockholders as a whole. The board of
directors in establishing policies with regard to intracompany matters such as
business transactions between groups and allocations of assets, liabilities,
debt, corporate overhead, taxes, interest, corporate opportunities and other
matters, will consider various factors and information which could benefit or
cause detriment to the stockholders of the respective groups and will make
determinations in the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of the
stockholders as a whole.

Common Stock Ownership of Directors and Senior Officers

     As a policy, the Andrx Corporation board of directors will periodically
monitor the ownership of shares of Andrx common stock and shares of Cybear
tracking stock by its directors and senior officers and the options granted to
them so that their interests are generally aligned with the two classes of
common stock and with their duty to act in the best interests of Andrx
Corporation and the

stockholders as a whole. However, because of the differences in trading values
between Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock, the actual value of their
interests in Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will vary
significantly. Accordingly, it is possible that directors or senior officers
could favor one group over the other due to their stock and option holdings.

Financing Activities

     Most financial and treasury activities are managed on a centralized basis.
These activities include but are not limited to the issuance and repayment of
short-term and long-term debt and the issuance and repurchase of any preferred
stock. If a transfer of cash or other property allocated to one group to the
other group occurs, Andrx Corporation will account for such transfer in one of
the following ways, as determined by its board of directors except as set forth
in a tax sharing agreement entered into by Andrx and Cybear:

   o As a short-term or long-term loan from one group to the other, or as a
     repayment of a previous borrowing, as described under "Inter-Group Loans"
     below;

   o As an increase or decrease in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares, as
     described under "Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear
     Tracking Stock Designated Shares" below; or

     o As a sale of assets between the two groups.

     The board of directors has not adopted specific criteria to determine
which of the foregoing will be applied to a particular transfer of cash or
property from one group to the other. The board of directors will make these
determinations, either in specific instances or by setting applicable policies
generally, in the exercise of its business judgment based on all relevant
circumstances. All transfers of material assets from one group to the other
will be made on a fair value basis for the foregoing purposes, as determined by
the board of directors. See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups."

     Although debt and preferred stock may be allocated between groups, the
debt and preferred stock will remain obligations of Andrx Corporation and all
of its stockholders will be subject to the risks associated with those
obligations.

     Debt. Debt will be allocated between the groups or, in its entirety to a
particular group. If debt for a particular financing is allocated in its
entirety to one group, the interest rate, amortization, maturity, redemption
and other terms shall be on then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation
could borrow such funds. Any expense related to debt that is allocated in its
entirety to a group will be allocated in whole to that group.

     Preferred Stock. Preferred stock, if issued, will be allocated between the
groups or, if the board of directors so determines, in its entirety to a
particular group. If Andrx Corporation allocates preferred stock for a
particular financing in its entirety to one group, that group will be charged
the dividend cost. If the dividend cost is higher than Andrx Corporation's
actual cost, the other group will receive a credit for an amount equal to the
difference as compensation for the use of its credit capacity. Any expense
related to preferred stock that is allocated in its entirety to a group will be
allocated in whole to that group.

     Inter-Group Loans. Cash or other property that is allocated to one group
that is transferred to the other group, could, if so determined by the board of
directors, be accounted for either as a short-term loan or as a long-term loan.
The board of directors will establish the terms on which short-term and
long-term loans between the groups will be made, including interest rate,
amortization schedule, maturity and redemption terms. The terms, however, shall
reflect the then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation could borrow the
funds.

     Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear Tracking Stock
Designated Shares. Cash or other property allocated to Andrx that is
contributed as additional equity to Cybear will increase the

Number of Cybear Designated Shares. Cash or other property allocated to Cybear
that is transferred to Andrx will, if so determined by the Andrx Corporation
board of directors, decrease the Number of Cybear Designated Shares.

     Equity Issuances and Repurchases and Dividends. All financial effects of
issuances and repurchases of shares of Andrx common stock or shares of Cybear
tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the financial statements of that
group except as described in the next sentence. All financial effects of
issuances of additional shares of Cybear tracking stock, which have been
reflected as a reduction in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares, will be
reflected entirely in the financial statements of Andrx Corporation. Financial
effects of dividends or other distributions on, and purchases of, shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the
respective financial statements of Andrx and Cybear.

Competition Between Groups

     Neither Andrx nor Cybear will engage in each other's principal businesses,
except for joint transactions with each other. Joint transactions may include
joint ventures or other collaborative arrangements to develop, market, sell and
support new products and services. Third parties may also participate in such
joint transactions. See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups--Joint
Transactions." The terms of any joint transactions will be determined by the
Andrx Corporation board of directors.

     The Andrx Corporation board of directors will make decisions whether to
permit indirect competition between the groups. Indirect competition could
occur if and when:

   o one group uses products of third parties in that group's products rather
     than using the other group's products;

   o a third party uses a product of one group in the third party's products
     which compete with the other group's products; or

   o a group licenses technology allocated to that group to a third party that
     is a competitor of the other group.

     The groups may compete in a business which is not a principal business of
the other group.

Transfers of Assets Between Groups

     The certificate of incorporation permits the transfer of assets between
groups without stockholder approval. All such transfers will be made at fair
value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's board of directors, except as
described below. The consideration for such transfers may be paid by one group
to the other in cash or other consideration, as determined by the board of
directors.

     The board of directors has adopted specific policies for the sale of
products and services between groups and joint transactions with each other and
third parties as set forth below.

     Sales of Products and Services Between Groups. A group will sell products
or services to the other group on terms that would be available from third
parties in commercial transactions. If terms for such transactions are not
available from a third party, the purchasing group will (1) pay for such
products at fair value as determined by the board of directors and (2) pay for
such services at fair value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's board of
directors, or at the cost, including overhead, of the selling group.

     Joint Transactions. The groups may from time to time engage in
transactions jointly, including with third parties, as described under
"Competition Between Groups." Research and development and other services
performed by one group for a joint venture or other collaborative arrangement
will be charged at fair value, as determined by the board of directors.

Review of Corporate Opportunities

     The board of directors reviews any matter which involves the allocation of
a corporate opportunity to either the Andrx common stock or the Cybear tracking
stock or in part to the Andrx common stock and in part to the Cybear tracking
stock. In accordance with Delaware law, the board of directors will make its
determination with regard to the allocation of any such opportunity and the
benefit of such opportunity in accordance with its good faith business judgment
of the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of its stockholders as a
whole. Among the factors that the board of directors may consider in making
this allocation is whether a particular corporate opportunity is principally
related to the business of Andrx or Cybear; whether one group, because of its
managerial or operational expertise, will be better positioned to undertake the
corporate opportunity; and existing contractual agreements and restrictions.

Financial Statements

     Andrx Corporation prepares financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, consistently
applied, for Andrx and Cybear, and these financial statements, taken together,
comprise all of the accounts included in our corresponding consolidated
financial statements. The financial statements of each of Andrx and Cybear
reflect the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
businesses included therein.

Allocation Matters

     Group financial statements also include allocated portions of Andrx
Corporation's debt, interest corporate overhead and costs of administrative
shared services and taxes. Andrx Corporation makes these allocations for the
purpose of preparing each group's financial statements; however, holders of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will continue to be subject to all
of the risks associated with an investment in Andrx Corporation and all of its
businesses, assets and liabilities.

     In addition to allocating debt and interest as described above under
"Financing Activities" and assets as described above under "Transfers of Assets
Between Groups," Andrx Corporation's board of directors has adopted the
following allocation policies:

   o Direct Charges. Andrx Corporation allocates direct expenses incurred on
     behalf of a group to that group.

   o Corporate Overhead and Administrative Shared Services. Andrx Corporation
     allocates a portion of the corporate overhead to Andrx and Cybear based
     upon the use of services by that group. Corporate overhead includes costs
     of our executive management, payroll, human resources, legal, auditing,
     tax, mergers and acquisitions, treasury, and strategic planning functions.
     Andrx Corporation allocates in a similar manner a portion of the costs of
     administrative shared services, such as information technology services.
     Where determinations based on use alone are not practical, Andrx
     Corporation uses other methods and criteria that it believes is equitable
     and provides a reasonable estimate of the cost attributable to the groups.

   o Taxes. Andrx Corporation allocates the federal income tax provisions and
     related tax payments and refunds between the groups based on a tax sharing
     agreement.

Capital Stock Committee

     Andrx Corporation established a capital stock committee of the board of
directors as part of the September 2000 reorganization. Timothy Nolan was also
appointed as Cybear's designee on Andrx Corporation's board of directors.
Provided Mr. Nolan is a member of the board of directors, he will be a member
of the capital stock committee, however, in the event that he is a member of
the capital stock committee, the capital stock committee will have at least one
other member. The capital stock committee will have authority to:

   o Interpret, make determinations under, and oversee the implementation of
     these policies in order to resolve potential and actual conflicts between
     the groups.

   o Adopt additional general policies governing the relationship between
     Andrx and Cybear with respect to these policies; and

   o Engage the services of accountants, investment bankers, appraisers,
     attorneys and other service providers to assist in discharging its duties.

     The decisions of the capital stock committee will be subject to ultimate
approval of the board of directors.

Comparison of Stockholder Rights

     Following the merger, the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will
cease to be governed by the existing certificate of incorporation and existing
bylaws of Mediconsult but will continue to be governed by Delaware law.
Instead, the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will be governed by Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

     The following is a brief summary of the material ways in which the rights
of Mediconsult stockholders will change because of the merger.

Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative
vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled
to vote at a meeting to amend its certificate of incorporation, except to amend
the provisions relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders,
stockholder action and bylaws which require a vote of at least two-thirds of
all outstanding shares entitled to vote without a meeting. Mediconsult's
existing certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote at a
meeting to amend its certificate of incorporation, except any amendment
pertaining to the indemnification of officers and directors of Mediconsult,
which requires a vote of at least two-thirds of all outstanding shares entitled
to vote.

Amendments to Bylaws.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws both require
an affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding
shares entitled to vote at a meeting to amend its bylaws, except the provisions
relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders, notice of stockholder
proposals and stockholder action without a meeting, which require a vote of at
least two-thirds of all outstanding share entitled to vote. Mediconsult's
existing certificate of incorporation requires a two-thirds vote of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote to amend the bylaws. Mediconsult's existing
bylaws require the affirmative vote of the majority of directors present at a
meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is present to amend the
bylaws.

Number of Directors.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that
the number of directors will not be less than three and not more than 12. The
certificate of incorporation also provides that the number of directors will be
fixed by resolution of the board of directors. Under Mediconsult's existing
bylaws, the number of directors will not be less than one and not more than 10
and provides that the number of directors will be fixed by resolution of the
board of directors.

Classified Board of Directors.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for
the board of directors to be divided into three classes of directors serving
staggered terms. This results in approximately one-third of the directors being
elected each year. Mediconsult does not have a classified board of directors.

Removal of Directors.

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that a
director may only be removed for cause and by a two-thirds vote of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote. Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that
a director may be removed with or without cause in a manner consistent with
Delaware corporation law.

Filing Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.

     Under Delaware law, Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's bylaws,
whenever a vacancy occurs on the board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an increase in the number of directors, it may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a
quorum of directors, or by the stockholders, unless the certificate of
incorporation provide otherwise.

Business combinations with substantial stockholders.

     Delaware law contains a statutory provision which is intended to curb
abusive takeovers of Delaware corporations. Section 203 of the Delaware
Corporation Law addresses the problem by preventing certain business
combinations of the corporation with interested stockholders within three years
after such stockholders become interested. Section 203 provides, with certain
exceptions, that a Delaware corporation may not engage in any of a broad range
of business combinations with a person or an affiliate, or associate of such
person, who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years from the
date that such person became an interested stockholder unless:

   o the transaction resulting in a person becoming an interested stockholder,
     or the business combination, is approved by the board of directors of the
     corporation before the person becomes an interested stockholder;

   o the interested stockholder acquired 85% or more of the outstanding voting
     stock of the corporation in the same transaction that makes such person an
     interested stockholder (excluding shares owned by persons who are both
     officers and directors of the corporation, and shares held by certain
     employee stock ownership plans); or

   o on or after the date the person becomes an interested stockholder, the
     business combination is approved by the corporation's board of directors
     and by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the corporation's outstanding
     voting stock at an annual or special meeting, excluding shares owned by
     the interested stockholder.

Under Section 203, an "interested stockholder" is defined as any person who is:

     o the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
     corporation; or

   o an affiliate or associate of the corporation and who was the owner of 15%
     or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time
     within the three year period immediately prior to the date on which it is
     sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder.

Indemnification of directors and officers.

     Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation provide that directors or officers be indemnified against any
liability (including any judgment, settlement, penalty or fine) incurred in
connection with any legal proceeding provided the director, officer or employee
acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult,
respectively.

     Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation generally provide that all reasonable expenses of the indemnified
director or officer be paid in advance of the final proceeding to the fullest
extent permitted by law.

Special Meetings of Stockholders.

     Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
corporation's board of directors or by such persons as may be authorized by the
corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

     Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that a special meeting may be called by
the chief executive officer, a majority of the board of directors or 33.3% of
the stockholders entitled to vote. Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that a
special meeting may be called by its president, board of directors, the holders
of not less than one-tenth of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting, or
legal counsel.

Dissenter's Rights.

     Delaware law provides that dissenting stockholders who follow prescribed
statutory procedures are entitled to appraisal rights in the case of a merger
of a corporation, except that such rights are not provided when:

     o no vote of the stockholders is required for the merger; or

   o shares of the corporation are listed on a national securities exchange on
     the record date or held by more than 2,000 stockholders and are to be
     exchanged solely for shares of stock of another corporation which are
     listed on a national securities exchange or held by more than 2,000
     stockholders.

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions

     Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
certain anti-takeover measures which are intended to protect the stockholders
by rendering it more difficult for a person or persons to obtain control of
Andrx Corporation without the cooperation of its management. The anti-takeover
provisions include an advance notice requirement for any stockholder proposals
or nominations for the election of a director and a provision for a staggered
board of directors.

     Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that any stockholder proposals and
nominations for the election of directors be delivered to Andrx Corporation no
less than 60 days nor more than 90 days in advance of a meeting. However, in
the event that less than 70 days notice of the meeting is provided to the
stockholders, the stockholders must provide Andrx Corporation with its notice
no later than 10 days following the date Andrx Corporation's notice was made.
Such stockholder notice must contain (1) a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such
business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and record address of the
stockholder, (3) the class and number of shares of capital stock which are
beneficially owned by the stockholder and (4) any material interest of the
stockholder in such business. Mediconsult's bylaws do not contain such a
provision.

     The inclusion of such "anti-takeover" provisions in the Andrx Corporation
certificate of incorporation may delay, deter or prevent a takeover which the
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests, thereby possibly
depriving holders of Andrx's securities of certain opportunities to sell or
otherwise dispose of their securities at above-market prices, or limit the
ability of stockholders to remove incumbent directors as readily as the
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.

United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

     The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the merger and reflects the opinion of Broad and Cassel.
The discussion is based on the Code, the

Treasury Department regulations promulgated under the Code, published positions
of the IRS, and court decisions now in effect, all of which are subject to
change, potentially with retroactive effect. In particular, Congress could
enact legislation or the Treasury Department could issue regulations affecting
the treatment of stock with characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking
stock.

     This discussion addresses only those stockholders who hold Mediconsult
common stock as a capital asset and will, after the merger, hold Cybear
tracking stock as a capital asset. However, this discussion does not address
the Mediconsult stockholders who were creditors of Mediconsult and have
exchanged their claims against Mediconsult for Mediconsult common stock in
anticipation of exchanging the Mediconsult common stock for Cybear tracking
stock. This discussion does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income
taxation that may be relevant to stockholders in light of their particular tax
circumstances. In particular, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal
income taxation of stockholders subject to special treatment under the Code,
such as the following:

     o Tax-exempt entities;

     o Partnerships, S corporations, or other pass-through entities;

     o Mutual funds and regulated investment companies;

     o Small business investment companies;

     o Insurance companies and other financial institutions;

     o Broker-dealers and dealers in securities;

     o Traders that mark their positions to market;

   o Stockholders who hold their shares as part of a hedge, appreciated
     financial position, straddle, or conversion transaction;

   o Stockholders who acquired their shares through the exercise of options or
     otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan;

     o Individuals who are not citizens or residents of the U.S.;

     o Estates and trusts not subject to U.S. federal income tax; and

     o Foreign corporations and other foreign entities.

     Finally, this discussion does not address any consequences under state,
local or foreign tax laws.

Mediconsult stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors with regard
to the application of the federal income tax laws, as well as to the
applicability and effect of any state, local or foreign tax laws to which you
may be subject.

     Andrx Corporation has obtained an opinion from Broad and Cassel regarding
the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, which is based
on the law in effect on the date this proxy statement/prospectus is filed with
the SEC. The opinion from Broad and Cassel is being filed with the SEC as an
exhibit to this proxy statement/prospectus. The opinion relies on factual
assumptions, including an assumption that there have been no changes in
existing facts, that the Cybear tracking stock will be issued in accordance
with the certificate of incorporation, that cash paid for fractional shares and
to pay dissenting stockholders does not exceed 20% of the total merger
consideration, and that the merger will be completed in accordance with the
merger agreement. The opinion also relies on representations contained in
certificates furnished to Broad and Cassel by

officers of Andrx Corporation in connection with Broad and Cassel rendering its
opinion. If any of these assumptions or representations are inaccurate, the
conclusions contained in the opinion could be affected. Moreover, the opinion
of Broad and Cassel is not binding on the IRS, and there can be no assurance
that views expressed in the opinion, if challenged, would be sustained in
court.

     Broad and Cassel is of the opinion that the Cybear tracking stock should
be treated as voting common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal income
tax purposes.

     No advance ruling has been sought from the IRS on the U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the merger, including the classification of the Cybear
tracking stock. The IRS has announced that it will not issue any advance
rulings on the classification of an instrument that has certain voting and
liquidation rights in an issuing corporation but whose dividend rights are
determined by reference to the earnings of a segregated portion of the issuing
corporation's assets, including assets held by a subsidiary. Broad and Cassel's
opinion is not binding on the IRS. In addition, there are no court decisions or
other authorities that bear directly on the treatment of stock with
characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking stock. It is possible, therefore
that the IRS could successfully take the position that:

   o The Cybear tracking stock is stock of a separate corporation and not
     capital stock of Andrx Corporation.

     o The receipt of Cybear tracking stock is a taxable event to Mediconsult
stockholders.

     The IRS could also attempt to recharacterize certain indebtedness of
Mediconsult as equity, which recharacterization could affect the tax
consequences of the merger. If the IRS were to prevail, the merger may not be
tax-free and each Mediconsult stockholder could recognize gain or loss equal to
the difference between the (i) fair market value of the Cybear tracking stock
received in the transaction (as of the merger date) and (ii) such stockholder's
adjusted tax basis in the Mediconsult common stock surrendered.

     Broad and Cassel, however, is of the opinion that the IRS should not
prevail in any of the above assertions. Accordingly, the discussion below of
the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to Mediconsult
stockholders, assumes that the Cybear tracking stock will be treated as voting
common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that
any debt of Mediconsult will not be recharacterized as equity.

     The material U.S. federal income tax consequences to Mediconsult's
stockholders are as follows:

   o The merger of Andrx Corporation's wholly-owned subsidiary into
     Mediconsult with Mediconsult surviving the merger should qualify as a
     reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a)(1)(A) and (a)(2)(E)
     of Code.

   o Each Mediconsult stockholder should recognize no gain or loss as a result
     of the exchange of Mediconsult common stock solely for shares of Cybear
     tracking stock pursuant to the merger under Section 354(a)(1) of the Code,
     except with respect to any cash received by a Mediconsult stockholder
     instead of a fractional share of Cybear tracking stock.

   o Each Mediconsult stockholder should have a tax basis in the shares of
     Cybear tracking stock received in the merger equal to the tax basis of the
     Mediconsult common stock surrendered in the merger less any tax basis
     attributable to a fractional share of Cybear tracking stock for which cash
     is received.

   o Each Mediconsult stockholder's holding period for shares of Cybear
     tracking stock received in the merger should include the stockholder's
     holding period for the Mediconsult common stock exchanged therefor.

   o If any Mediconsult stockholder receives cash instead of a fractional
     share of Cybear tracking stock, the stockholder should recognize capital
     gain or loss equal to the amount of cash received less the amount of basis
     allocated to the fractional share interest. The gain or loss will be
     long-term capital gain or loss if the share of Mediconsult common stock
     exchanged for the fractional share of Cybear tracking stock was held for
     more than one year at the effective time of the merger, except that if
     Mediconsult is determined to be a "collapsible corporation", any gain
     recognized by a Mediconsult stockholder who directly or indirectly has
     ever owned more than 5% of the outstanding stock of Mediconsult may be
     treated as ordinary income.

   o Any Mediconsult stockholder who receives cash as a result of exercising
     appraisal rights, if any, will generally recognize capital gain or loss
     equal to the amount of cash received less such stockholder's tax basis in
     the Mediconsult common stock provided that such cash payment is not
     treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The gain or
     loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the share of Mediconsult
     common stock was held for more than one year at the effective time of the
     merger, except that if Mediconsult is determined to be a "collapsible
     corporation", any gain recognized by a Mediconsult stockholder who
     directly or indirectly has ever owned more than 5% of the value of the
     outstanding stock of Mediconsult, may be treated as ordinary income.
     Generally, a disposition of Mediconsult common stock pursuant to an
     exercise of appraisal rights will not be treated as a dividend if the
     stockholder exercising such rights does not own, directly or indirectly,
     any Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock immediately after the
     merger.

     The foregoing is not intended to be a complete analysis or description of
all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences or any other consequences of
the merger. In addition, this discussion does not address tax consequences
which may vary with, or are contingent on, your individual circumstances.
Moreover, this discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign,
state or local tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, you are strongly
urged to consult with your tax advisor to determine the particular U.S.
federal, state, local or foreign income or other tax consequences to you of the
merger.

Principal Provisions of the Merger Agreement

     Set forth below is a description of the material terms of the merger
agreement. We urge stockholders to carefully read, in its entirety, the merger
agreement, which we have attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus
and incorporated into this document by reference. If there is any discrepancy
between the terms of the merger agreement and the following summary, the merger
agreement will control.

General

     The merger agreement contemplates that a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx
Corporation will merge with and into Mediconsult, with Mediconsult surviving
the merger and becoming part of Cybear. The merger will become effective on the
date and time that the certificate of merger is filed with the Delaware
Secretary of State or such other date and time specified in the certificate of
merger.

Conversion of Shares and Consideration to be Received in the Merger

     At the effective time of the merger:

   o each issued and outstanding share of Mediconsult common stock, other than
     treasury stock owned by Mediconsult, shares held by Andrx Corporation or
     any of its subsidiaries or shares held by persons entitled to appraisal
     rights, if any, will be converted into the right to receive 0.1430 shares
     of Cybear tracking stock, subject to adjustment as described below;

   o each outstanding stock option under the Mediconsult stock option plans
     and each Mediconsult warrant will be converted into separately exercisable
     options and warrants to acquire the

     number of shares of Cybear tracking stock equal to the product of the
     number of Mediconsult common stock that were issuable upon exercise
     multiplied by 0.1430, subject to adjustment as described below; and

   o the exercise price for the shares of Cybear tracking stock issuable upon
     exercise of the assumed Mediconsult options and warrants will be equal to
     the quotient determined by dividing the existing exercise price of the
     Mediconsult option or Mediconsult warrant by 0.1430, subject to adjustment
     as described below;

Adjustment to the Consideration to be Received in the Merger

     The number of shares the Mediconsult stockholders will receive is subject
to an adjustment. By approving the merger agreement, the Mediconsult
stockholders agree that 20% of the total number of shares of Cybear tracking
stock that may be issued to them will not be issued until after the effective
date of the merger. These shares will be issued, subject to an adjustment, if
any, once a balance sheet as of the closing date of the merger is agreed upon
by Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult. By approving the merger agreement, the
Mediconsult stockholders also agree to appoint Ian D. Sutcliffe as the
representative of the Mediconsult stockholders with respect to the adjustment.

     Within 90 days after the closing date, Andrx Corporation will present to
Mr. Sutcliffe a closing balance sheet as of the closing date audited by Andrx
Corporation's independent certified public accountants. For each $250,000 by
which Mediconsult's stockholder equity amount exceeds the Mediconsult
stockholder equity amount set forth in the merger agreement, the 0.1430
exchange ratio for each share of Mediconsult common stock will be adjusted
downward by 0.0128 of a share of Cybear tracking stock up to a maximum of
0.0286 of a share of Cybear tracking stock. Therefore, the exact number of
shares of Cybear tracking stock the Mediconsult stockholders will receive may
be less than 11,731,459 but not less than 9,385,723.

     Mr. Sutcliffe, as the Mediconsult stockholders' representative, will
handle any and all disputes relating to the adjustment. The remaining shares of
Cybear tracking stock will be distributed to the Mediconsult stockholders once
the adjustment amount has been agreed to.

Representations and Warranties

     The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by Andrx
Corporation and Mediconsult customary for agreements of this nature with regard
to aspects of their respective businesses, financial conditions, structures and
other facts pertinent to the merger. The representations given by Mediconsult
relate to Mediconsult and its subsidiaries and the representations given by
Andrx Corporation relate to Andrx Corporation and the subsidiary that will
merge with and into Mediconsult. The representations made by Mediconsult cover
the following topics:

     o organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

     o capitalization;

     o authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
   transaction agreements;

     o noncontravention;

     o filings and reports with the SEC;

     o financial statements;

     o changes in business since September 30, 2000;

     o undisclosed liabilities;

     o litigation, proceedings and investigations;

     o restrictions on business activities;

     o compliance with laws;

     o title to the properties owned and leased;

     o intellectual property;

     o environmental laws and matters;

     o taxes;

     o employee benefit plans;

     o employee matters;

     o transactions with interested parties;

     o insurance;

   o regulatory matters and compliance with applicable federal, state, local,
     and self-regulatory laws, rules and regulations of governmental entities;

     o material contracts and obligations;

     o options and other rights to acquire securities;

     o opinion of financial advisor;

     o the treatment of the merger as a purchase and as a tax-free merger;

     o completeness of representations and warranties; and

     o brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger.

     The representations given by Andrx Corporation cover the following topics
as they relate to Andrx Corporation:

     o organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

     o capitalization;

     o authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
   transaction agreements;

     o noncontravention;

     o filings and reports with the SEC;

     o financial statements;

     o changes in business since September 30, 2000;

     o undisclosed liabilities;

     o broker's and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

   o accuracy and compliance with securities regulations of the information
     supplied in the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus;

     o litigation, proceedings and investigations;

     o compliance with laws; and

     o the treatment of the merger as a purchase and as a tax-free merger.

     The representations given by Andrx Corporation's subsidiary merging into
Mediconsult cover the following topics:

     o organization, qualification to do business and corporate power;

     o authorization of the merger agreement, the merger and the related
   transaction agreements;

     o undisclosed liabilities; and

     o litigation, proceedings and investigations.

     The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and not easily summarized. We urge you to carefully read the sections in the
merger agreement titled "Representations and Warranties of Mediconsult,"
"Representations and Warranties of Andrx" and "Representations and Warranties
of Merger Sub."

Principal Covenants

     Voting Agreements. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Mediconsult agreed to
obtain an agreement from Robert A. Jennings, a director and principal
stockholder, and JHC Limited, an entity controlled by Mr. Jennings, to vote in
favor of the merger.

     Interim Financing. In connection with the merger agreement, Andrx
Corporation agreed to cause Cybear Inc. to provide Mediconsult with up to
$2,000,000 in interim financing to fund Mediconsult's operating activities
until the closing date or the termination of the merger agreement. See "Interim
Financing" on page 87 for a further discussion of the interim financing.

     Conduct of Business Pending the Merger. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
Mediconsult has agreed that, until the effective time of the merger, subject to
certain exceptions, Mediconsult will carry on business in the same manner as
conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement.

     No Solicitation of Transactions. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
Mediconsult has agreed that it will not solicit, initiate, encourage or take
any action which would facilitate a takeover proposal or engage in negotiations
with or disclose any nonpublic information or give access to its properties,
books of records to any person who is considering making or has made a takeover
proposal. However, Mediconsult's board of directors are not prohibited from
taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position with respect to an
unsolicited tender offer pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

     In addition, Mediconsult may engage in any of the otherwise prohibited
acts referred to above, other than soliciting, initiating or encouraging any
takeover proposal, if:

     o its board of directors receives an unsolicited takeover proposal;

   o its board of directors believes in good faith after receiving advice from
     a reputable financial advisor that the unsolicited takeover proposal is
     reasonably capable of being consummated and

     would, if consummated, be reasonably likely to result in a transaction
     more favorable than the merger to the Mediconsult stockholders;

   o its board of directors determines in good faith that the failure to
     entertain and consider an unsolicited takeover proposal which is believed
     to be superior could reasonably be deemed to be inconsistent with its
     fiduciary duties to the Mediconsult stockholders under applicable law; and

   o it notifies Andrx Corporation of its receipt of a takeover proposal and
     any determination by its board of directors and delivers to Andrx
     Corporation a copy of the proposal, or a summary of any oral proposals,
     and all documents containing or referring to non-public information about
     it that are supplied to the third party making such takeover proposal.

     Mediconsult has also agreed not to agree to endorse, and will not permit
any of its officers, directors, employees or other representatives to agree to
or endorse, any takeover proposal or withdraw its recommendation of the merger
agreement and merger unless its board of directors believes in good faith,
after receiving advice from a reputable financial advisor, that such action is
required in order for its board of directors to comply with its fiduciary
duties to stockholders under applicable law and Mediconsult has terminated the
merger agreement. Mediconsult will also notify Andrx Corporation within 24
hours after its receipt of any takeover proposal and keep Andrx Corporation
fully informed of the status and details of such takeover proposal.

     Mediconsult has agreed to notify Andrx Corporation of any receipt of any
notice that any person is considering making a takeover proposal or any request
for nonpublic information or access to its properties, books or records by any
person considering making or that has made a takeover proposal and is required
to keep Andrx Corporation fully informed of the status and details of any such
notice, request, correspondence or communications.

     Insurance and Indemnification. The merger agreement provides that Andrx
Corporation, for four years after the effective time of the merger, shall
indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law but no more
than currently provided by Mediconsult, past or current officer, director,
employee, trustee or agent of Mediconsult against all amounts paid in
connection with any claim pertaining to acts or omissions in their capacities
before or after the effective time. In addition, Andrx Corporation shall
reimburse indemnified parties for reasonable fees and expenses in bringing any
action to enforce rights or to collect money due under the merger agreement.

     The merger agreement also provides that, for four years after the
effective time of the merger, Andrx Corporation shall maintain or shall cause
to be maintained, directors and officers liability insurance on terms at least
as favorable as Mediconsult's directors and officers liability insurance
policies in effect prior to the effective date of the merger.

     Assumption of Stock Options. At the effective time of the merger, Andrx
Corporation will assume all outstanding options to purchase Mediconsult common
stock.

     Assumption of Warrants. Prior to the effective time of the merger, Andrx
Corporation will assume all outstanding Mediconsult warrants.

     Other Covenants. The merger agreement contains additional covenants,
including covenants relating to:

     o notices and consents;

     o preparation, filing and distribution of this proxy statement/prospectus;

     o cooperation regarding filings with governmental and other agencies and
   organizations;

     o coordination of the Mediconsult stockholders' meeting;

     o access to information;

     o notice of developments;

     o tax filings and tax opinions; and

     o press releases.

     In addition, the merger agreement contains a general covenant requiring
each party to use its reasonable best efforts to effect the consummation of the
merger.

     Conditions. The merger will be completed only if certain conditions are
satisfied or waived, including the following:

   o the merger agreement has been adopted by the vote of the holders of a
     majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;

   o the SEC shall have declared the registration statement on Form S-4
     effective and no stop order suspending its effectiveness shall have been
     issued and no proceeding for that purpose, and no similar proceeding, with
     respect to this proxy statement/prospectus shall have been initiated or
     threatened in writing by the SEC; and

     o there shall be no court order that prohibits the merger.

     Andrx Corporation's obligation to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

   o Mediconsult's representations and warranties must be true and correct
     when made and as of the closing of the merger.

   o Mediconsult must have complied with and performed in all material
     respects all of its covenants under the merger agreement;

     o there shall not have been a material adverse effect on Mediconsult;

   o Andrx Corporation must have been provided with a certificate executed on
     behalf of Mediconsult that all representations are true and correct in all
     respects of any as of the closing date; the merger agreement has been
     adopted by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
     of Mediconsult common stock; Mediconsult has performed and complied with
     all of its covenants under the merger agreement in all material respects
     through the closing; there is no action pending or threatened before any
     court or administrative agency that would (i) prevent the consummation or
     cause the recession of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, (ii) adversely affect the right of the surviving corporation to
     succeed to Mediconsult or (iii) adversely affect the right of any former
     subsidiary of Mediconsult to own its assets and to operate its business;
     and there is no material adverse effect on Mediconsult;

   o Mediconsult shall have amended its lease agreements with Reckson
     Operating Partnership, L.P. and Brandywine Realty Services Corporation to
     Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

   o Mediconsult shall have terminated its lease agreements with 320 Front
     Portfolio, Inc. and Addiscott Investments Limited and been released from
     all liability for these two leases to Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

   o Mediconsult shall have resolved its dispute with the International
     Counsel on Infertility Information Dissemination to Andrx Corporation's
     satisfaction;

   o Mediconsult shall have amended its education services agreement with
     Bristol-Myers Squibb Company;

   o Mediconsult shall have amended its employment arrangement with several of
     its employees and entered into agreements with its accountants, lawyers
     and McFarland & Dewey to Andrx Corporation's satisfaction;

   o Mediconsult shall have received agreements from holders of Mediconsult
     options representing no less than 85% of the outstanding Mediconsult
     capital stock underlying the Mediconsult options to terminate the options,
     other than holders whose employment was terminated prior to the signing of
     the merger agreement;

   o Mediconsult shall have converted its outstanding obligations to its note
     holders and Accenture (f/k/a Andersen Consulting LLP) into Mediconsult
     common stock, except for $200,000 in cash to be paid to Accenture;

   o Mediconsult's average monthly unique user base shall not have decreased
     by more than 25% from its unique user base during the 90 days prior to the
     date of the merger agreement;

   o Except for Mediconsult.com, Limited, a Bermuda corporation,
     Mediconsult.com (US) Ltd., a Delaware corporation, 3542491 Canada Inc.,
     Physicians' Online and such other subsidiaries designated by Andrx
     Corporation, none of Mediconsult's subsidiaries shall have any assets,
     operations or employees;

     o Mediconsult shall have terminated its 401(k) plan;

   o Mediconsult shall have delivered to Andrx Corporation audited
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2000;
     and

   o Dissenter's rights shall not have been exercised by the holders of more
     than 10% of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult.

     Mediconsult's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the following additional conditions before
completion of the merger:

   o Andrx Corporation's and Merger Sub's representations and warranties must
     be true and correct when made and as of the closing of the merger;

   o Andrx Corporation and Merger Sub must have complied and performed in all
     material respects with all of their respective covenants under the merger
     agreement;

   o Mediconsult must have been provided with a certificate executed on behalf
     of Andrx Corporation that all representations are true and correct in all
     material respects at and as of the closing date; the merger agreement has
     been adopted by the votes of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
     shares of Mediconsult common stock; the registration statement has become
     effective and there is no stop threatening or proceeding suspending or
     stop order threatening to suspend its effectiveness; Andrx Corporation and
     Merger Sub each have performed and complied with all of its covenants
     under the merger agreements in all material respects through the closing;
     there is no action pending or threatened before any court or
     administrative agency that would (i) prevent the consummation or cause the
     recission of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
     (ii) adversely effect the right of Andrx Corporation or the surviving
     corporation to succeed to Mediconsult, or (iii) adversely affect the

     right of any former subsidiary of Mediconsult to own its assets and to
     operate its business; and there is no material adverse effect on Andrx
     Corporation ; and

     o There shall not have been a material adverse effect on Andrx
Corporation.

     Termination of the Merger Agreement. At any time prior to the completion
of the merger, the merger agreement may be terminated under the following
circumstances if the terminating party is authorized to do so by its board of
directors:

     o By mutual written consent of Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult;

     o By either Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult, if:

     o Without any fault on the part of the terminating party, the closing
        does not occur on or before May 15, 2001;

     o There shall be a final nonappealable order of a court preventing the
        consummation of the merger or there shall be a law, statute, rule,
        regulation or order enacted or issued which has the effect of making
        the merger illegal;

     o The merger agreement has not been adopted by the vote of the holders of
        a majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock;

     o By Andrx Corporation, if:

     o Mediconsult breaches any of its representations, warranties or
        covenants to the extent that it would cause the conditions to closing
        not to be satisfied, and the breach is not cured within 30 days of the
        receipt by Mediconsult of notice of the breach;

     o The Mediconsult board of directors withdraws or modifies its
        recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in a manner
        adverse to Andrx Corporation or resolves to do so;

     o The Mediconsult board of directors recommends, endorses, accepts or
        agrees to a takeover proposal or resolves to do so; or

     o Mediconsult solicits, initiates, encourages or agrees to any takeover
        proposal or engages in any negotiations with, discloses any non-public
        information relating to Mediconsult or any of its subsidiaries to, or
        affords access to the properties, books or records of Mediconsult to,
        any person that has advised Mediconsult that it may be considering
        making, or that has made, a takeover proposal, or Mediconsult otherwise
        breaches the non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement.

     o By Mediconsult, if:

     o Andrx Corporation breaches any of its representations, warranties or
        covenants to the extent that it would cause the conditions to closing
        not to be satisfied, and the breach is not cured within 30 days
        following the receipt by Andrx Corporation of written notice of the
        breach; or

     o After receiving the unsolicited takeover proposal, Mediconsult's board
        of directors, in compliance with the procedures set forth in the merger
        agreement, determines in good faith that such takeover proposal is
        superior to the merger and that it is required by its fiduciary duty to
        accept such takeover proposal and advises Andrx Corporation of such
        action.

     Payment of Fees and Expenses. Whether or not the merger is consummated,
subject to certain exceptions discussed in this proxy statement/prospectus, all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
merger will be paid by the party incurring the expense except that expenses
incurred in connection with filing and printing the proxy statement/prospectus
and the registration statement, and registration and filing fees incurred in
connection with the proxy statement/
prospectus and the registration statement shall be shared equally.

     If the merger agreement is terminated because:

   o of fraud or the willful or intentional breach or failure to perform by
     Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult of any of its representations, warranties
     or covenants in the merger agreement or the breakup warrant, the purpose
     of which is to terminate the merger agreement;

then the breaching party will pay the other party a termination fee of $750,000
within five business days from the termination of the merger agreement.

     If the merger agreement is terminated because:

   o The closing does not occur on or before May 15, 2001 because Mediconsult
     fails to satisfy a closing condition;

   o The merger agreement has not been adopted by the vote of the holders of a
     majority of the outstanding shares of Mediconsult common stock; or

   o After receiving an unsolicited takeover proposal, Mediconsult's board of
     directors, in compliance with the procedures set forth in the merger
     agreement, determines in good faith that such takeover proposal is
     superior to the merger and that it is required by its fiduciary duty to
     accept such takeover proposal and advises Andrx Corporation of such
     action; or

   o the Mediconsult board of directors changes or withdraws or modifies its
     recommendation of the merger agreement or the merger in an adverse manner;
     and

   o by January 9, 2002, (i) Mediconsult sells the capital stock of its
     wholly-owned subsidiary, Physicians' Online, Inc. or substantially all of
     Physicians' Online's assets, or (ii) the transaction substantially
     contemplated by the superior proposal is consummated, or (iii) Mediconsult
     closes a financing transaction or series of financing transactions with
     net proceeds equal to or greater than $7,500,000;

then Mediconsult will pay Andrx Corporation a termination fee of $1,000,000,
and will issue a breakup warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then
outstanding capital stock of Mediconsult within five business days of the
consummation of any transaction described above. For so long as the Mediconsult
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market, the maximum number of
shares of Mediconsult common stock issuable pursuant to the breakup warrant,
the warrant issued in connection with the interim financing discussed below,
and upon conversion of the note below, is limited to 19.9% of Mediconsult's
issued and outstanding common stock. The breakup warrant is exercisable at a
price of $0.125 per share and is exercisable at any time after Mediconsult
becomes obligated to pay the $1,000,000 termination fee until one year from the
termination of the merger agreement.

     If the merger agreement is terminated because:

   o Either party breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants
     or obligations in the merger agreement to the extent that the breach
     causes a condition to closing not to be satisfied and the breach is not
     cured within 30 days following receipt by the other party of written
     notice of the breach;

then the breaching party will pay to and reimburse the non-breaching party for
all actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the non-breaching party in
connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement within five business days from the breaching party's receipt of
a statement from the non-breaching party indicating the amount of such
out-of-pocket expenses that have been incurred. In addition, if the merger
agreement is terminated as a result of a nonwillful material breach or failure
to perform related to one of the foregoing reasons for termination by the
breaching party, the non-breaching party will have the right to recover any
damages arising from such non-willful material breach or failure to perform.

Interim Financing

     On January 9, 2001, Mediconsult and Physicians' Online entered into a
credit agreement with Cybear Inc. whereby Cybear Inc. agreed to provide
Mediconsult with interim financing not to exceed $2,000,000. The interim
financing is to be used by Mediconsult to fund its and Physicians' Online's
operating activities until the closing date. The credit agreement shall be due
and payable on July 15, 2001 and contains the customary representations,
warranties, covenants, conditions and events of default.

     The interim financing is evidenced by a note. If the merger agreement is
terminated, the note is convertible into Mediconsult common stock at a
conversion price equal to $0.125 at any time. If the Mediconsult common stock
is still listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market, the note is
convertible into no more than 19.9% of the then outstanding shares of
Mediconsult common stock. The note contains registration rights and
antidilution adjustments, including adjustments for issuances of shares at less
than the conversion price.

     The interim financing is secured by a pledge of all of Physicians'
Online's outstanding common stock as evidenced by a pledge agreement and a
security interest in all of Physicians' Online's assets as evidenced by a
security agreement.

     In connection with the credit agreement, Mediconsult issued to Cybear Inc.
a warrant to purchase 8,926,502 shares of Mediconsult common stock at an
exercise price of $0.125 per share. The warrant is only exercisable in the
event the merger agreement is terminated and will be exercisable until January
9, 2006. The warrant contains registration rights and the customary
antidilution adjustments, including adjustments for issuances of shares at less
than the exercise price.

Appraisal Rights

     Mediconsult is a Delaware corporation. If the Cybear tracking stock is not
listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of the
merger, Mediconsult's stockholders will have the right to an appraisal of the
value of their Mediconsult common stock. If the Cybear tracking stock is listed
for trading on the Nasdaq National Market on the effective date of the merger,
the Mediconsult stockholders will have no appraisal rights.

     If appraisal rights exist under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, any holder of Mediconsult common stock who does not wish to
accept the merger consideration may dissent from the merger and elect to have
the fair value of the stockholder's shares of Mediconsult common stock
(exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger) judicially determined and paid to the stockholder in
cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, provided that the
stockholder complies with the provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law. The following discussion is not a complete statement of the
law pertaining to appraisal rights under Delaware law, and is qualified in its
entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is provided in its entirety as
Annex E to this proxy statement/prospectus and assumes appraisal rights exist.
All references in Section 262 and in this summary to a "stockholder" are to the
record holder of the shares of Mediconsult common stock as to which appraisal
rights are asserted. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of common
stock held of record in the name of another person,

such as a broker or nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to
follow properly the steps summarized below and in a timely manner to perfect
appraisal rights.

     Under Section 262, where a proposed merger is to be submitted for approval
at a meeting of stockholders, as in the case of the special meeting, the
corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of
its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that the appraisal rights are
available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy
statement/prospectus shall constitute the notice to the holders of common
stock, and the applicable Delaware law provisions are attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E. Any stockholder who wishes to exercise
appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve the right to do so should review
carefully the following discussion and Annex E to this proxy
statement/prospectus because failure to comply with the procedures specified in
Section 262 timely and properly will result in the loss of appraisal rights.
Moreover, because of the complexity of the procedures for exercising the right
to seek appraisal of the common stock, Mediconsult believes that stockholders
who consider exercising these rights should seek the advice of counsel.

     Any holder of common stock wishing to exercise the right to dissent from
the merger and demand appraisal under Section 262 must satisfy each of the
following conditions:

   o The stockholder must deliver to Mediconsult a written demand for
     appraisal of the stockholder's shares before the vote on the merger
     agreement at the special meeting, which demand will be sufficient if it
     reasonably informs Mediconsult of the identity of the stockholder and that
     the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of the holder's
     shares.

   o The stockholder must not vote its shares of common stock in favor of the
     merger agreement. Because a proxy which does not contain voting
     instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the merger
     agreement, a stockholder who votes by proxy and who wishes to exercise
     appraisal rights must vote against the merger agreement or abstain from
     voting on the merger agreement.

   o The stockholder must continuously hold the shares from the date of making
     the demand through the effective time of the merger. Accordingly, a
     stockholder who is the record holder of shares of common stock on the date
     the written demand for appraisal is made but who thereafter transfers the
     shares prior to the effective time of the merger will lose any right to
     appraisal in respect of that stockholder's shares. Neither voting (in
     person or by proxy) against, abstaining from voting on or failing to vote
     on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement will constitute a written
     demand for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262. The written demand
     for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any such proxy or
     vote.

     Only a holder of record of shares of common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger is entitled to assert
appraisal rights for the shares of common stock registered in that holder's
name. A demand for appraisal should be executed by or on behalf of the
stockholder of record, fully and correctly, as that stockholder's name appears
on the stock certificates, should specify the stockholder's name and mailing
address, the number of shares of common stock owned and that the stockholder
intends thereby to demand appraisal of the stockholder's common stock. If the
shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, execution of the demand should be made in that capacity,
and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person as in a joint
tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of
all owners. An authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may
execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a stockholder; however, the agent
must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact that,
in executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the owner or owners.
A record holder such as a broker who holds shares as nominee for several
beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held
for one or more beneficial owners while not exercising these rights with
respect to the shares held for other beneficial owners; in that case, the
written demand should set forth the number of shares as to

which appraisal is sought, and where no number of shares is expressly mentioned
the demand will be presumed to cover all shares held in the name of the record
owner. Stockholders who hold their shares in brokerage accounts or other
nominee forms and who wish to exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult
with their brokers to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a
demand for appraisal by a nominee.

     A stockholder who elects to exercise appraisal rights under Section 262
should mail or deliver prior to the special meeting a written demand to:
Mediconsult.com, Inc., 560 White Plains Road, Tarrytown, New York 10591,
Attention: Secretary.

     Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation must send a notice as to the effectiveness of the merger to each
former Mediconsult stockholder who has made a written demand for appraisal in
accordance with Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the merger
agreement. Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, but not
thereafter, either the surviving corporation or any dissenting stockholder who
has complied with the requirements of Section 262 may file a petition in the
Delaware Chancery Court demanding a determination of the value of the shares of
common stock held by all dissenting stockholders. Mediconsult is under no
obligation to and has no present intent to file a petition for appraisal, and
stockholders seeking to exercise appraisal rights should not assume that the
surviving corporation will file such a petition or that the surviving
corporation will initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of
such shares. Accordingly, stockholders who desire to have their shares
appraised should initiate any petitions necessary for the perfection of their
appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in
Section 262. Inasmuch as Mediconsult has no obligation to file such a petition,
the failure of a stockholder to do so within the period specified could nullify
that stockholder's previous written demand for appraisal. In any event, at any
time within 60 days after the effective time (or at any time thereafter with
the written consent of Mediconsult), any stockholder who has demanded appraisal
has the right to withdraw the demand and to accept payment of the merger
consideration. Under the merger agreement, Mediconsult has agreed that, except
with the prior written consent of Andrx Corporation, it will not voluntarily
make any payment with respect to, or offer to settle, or settle, any such
purchase demand.

     Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any stockholder
who has complied with the provisions of Section 262 to that point in time will
be entitled to receive from the surviving corporation, upon written request, a
statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of
the merger agreement and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been
received and the aggregate number of holders of these shares. The surviving
corporation must mail the statement to the stockholder within 10 days of
receipt of the request or within 10 days after expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisals under Section 262, whichever is later.

     A stockholder timely filing a petition for appraisal with the Delaware
Chancery Court must deliver a copy to the surviving corporation, which will
then be obligated within 20 days to provide the Delaware Chancery Court with a
duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who
have demanded appraisal of their shares. After notice to these stockholders,
the Delaware Chancery Court is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition
to determine which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights. The Delaware
Chancery Court may require stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for
their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency
of the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to comply with the
requirement, the Delaware Chancery Court may dismiss the proceedings as to that
stockholder.

     After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Delaware
Chancery Court will appraise the "fair value" of their shares, exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger,
together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount
determined to be the fair value. The costs of the action may be determined by
the Delaware Chancery Court and taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Chancery
Court deems

equitable. Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the Delaware Chancery
Court may also order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be
charged pro rata against the value of all of the shares entitled to appraisal.

     Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair
value of their shares as determined under Section 262 could be more than, the
same as or less than the merger consideration they would receive under the
merger agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their shares. Stockholders
should also be aware that investment banking opinions are not opinions as to
fair value under Section 262.

     In determining fair value and, if applicable, a fair rate of interest, the
Delaware Chancery Court is to take into account all relevant factors. In
Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that
could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding,
stating that "proof of value by any techniques or methods that are generally
considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in
court" should be considered, and that "fair price obviously requires
consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company." The
Delaware Supreme Court stated that, in making this determination of fair value,
the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings
prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other facts that could be
ascertained as of the date of the merger that throw any light on future
prospects of the merged corporation. In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court
stated that "elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise,
that are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the
product of speculation, may be considered." Section 262 provides that fair
value is to be "exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger."

     Any stockholder who has duly demanded an appraisal in compliance with
Section 262 will not, after the effective time of the merger, be entitled to
vote the shares subject to the demand for any purpose or be entitled to the
payment of dividends or other distributions on those shares (except dividends
or other distributions payable to holders of record of shares as of a record
date prior to the effective time of the merger).

     Any stockholder may withdraw its demand for appraisal and accept the
merger consideration by delivering to the surviving corporation a written
withdrawal of the stockholder's demand for appraisal, except that (1) any such
attempt to withdraw made more than 60 days after the effective time of the
merger will require written approval of the surviving corporation and (2) no
appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Chancery Court shall be dismissed as to
any stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Chancery Court, and such
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Chancery Court
deems just. If the surviving corporation does not approve a stockholder's
request to withdraw a demand for appraisal when such approval is required or if
the Delaware Chancery Court does not approve the dismissal of an appraisal
proceeding, the stockholder would be entitled to receive only the appraised
value determined in any such appraisal proceeding, which value could be lower
than the value of the merger consideration.

     If, after the effective time of the merger, the shares of a dissenting
stockholder shall lose their status of dissenting share, Andrx Corporation
shall issue and deliver, upon surrender by such stockholder of the certificates
representing shares of Mediconsult common stock, the number of shares of Cybear
tracking stock to which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled to under
the merger agreement.

     Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures set forth in Section
262 will result in the loss of a stockholder's statutory appraisal rights, if
available. Consequently, any stockholder wishing to exercise appraisal rights
is urged to consult legal counsel before attempting to exercise such rights.

Accounting Treatment

     The acquisition of Mediconsult will be accounted for by Andrx Corporation
as a purchase of a business. Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of Mediconsult acquired will be recorded at their fair value, and
any excess of Andrx Corporation's purchase price over the fair value will be
accounted for as goodwill, which will be amortized over no more than five years
years and allocated to Cybear.

Stock Exchange Listings

     Cybear tracking stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CYBA." Mediconsult common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "MCNS." Both Cybear tracking stock and Mediconsult common
stock may, however, be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market for failure to
meet the requirements for continued listing. See "Price Range of Existing
Common Stocks and Dividend Information" on pages 47 to 48.

Stock Transfer and Exchange Agent

     American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the transfer agent for the Cybear
tracking stock, will act as the exchange agent for the merger.

Exchange Procedures

     Upon consummation of the merger, the transfer agent will mail to all
holders of outstanding Mediconsult common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for surrendering their stock certificates of Mediconsult common
stock. Upon proper surrender of such stock certificates, the Mediconsult common
stock will be exchanged for 80% of the shares of Cybear tracking stock to be
issued to the Mediconsult stockholders. Shortly after the merger, the
Mediconsult stockholders will be mailed stock certificates representing their
shares of Cybear tracking stock. Once Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult agree
on a balance sheet dated as of the closing date of the merger and any resulting
adjustment, stockholders will be mailed stock certificates representing their
remaining Cybear tracking stock shares, if any.

Financial Advisor

     McFarland Dewey is acting as Mediconsult's sole advisor with respect to
the merger. Mediconsult agreed to pay McFarland Dewey a fee of $250,000 and
500,000 shares of Mediconsult common stock.

     Mediconsult has also agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the fees and expenses of their
lawyers, and to indemnify them against liabilities under the Securities Act and
certain other liabilities.

               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF CONDITION
                   AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF MEDICONSULT

Introduction

     Mediconsult uses the Internet to educate and connect doctors and patients.
Its Web communities and interactive solutions educate physicians, educate
patients and enable more effective doctor-patient relationships. Mediconsult
provides relevant tools, reliable services and quality medical information,
that save doctors time and improve health outcomes for their patients.

     Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
responsible for the majority of healthcare spending. By fostering communities
centered on prevalent medical conditions and health issues, Mediconsult
believes that it creates significant opportunities for pharmaceutical and other
healthcare companies to effectively reach physician and patient audiences using
Internet-based educational, marketing and sponsorship programs.

Background

     For the period from the inception of Mediconsult's operations in April
1996 through January 1997, its operating activities related primarily to the
initial development of the mediconsult.com website and operating
infrastructure, and the recruitment of employees. Since the launch of
mediconsult.com in 1996, Mediconsult focused on developing and organizing
content in an easy to navigate format, and improving the functionality of
mediconsult.com. During that time, Mediconsult added new sites through
subsequent acquisitions including cyberdiet.com and heartinfo.com, and new
Internet-based healthcare tools through the acquisition of Mood Sciences.

     In the third quarter of 1999, Mediconsult expanded its focus on long-term
strategic relationships with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to include
other Internet-based initiatives in addition to marketing programs. The initial
relationship in this new strategic direction was entered into with
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in which Mediconsult is working with Bristol-Myers
to develop innovative new approaches to electronic medical education.

     In December 1999, Mediconsult expanded its focus to include a secure
physicians-only service through the acquisition of Physicians' Online, Inc.
Physicians' Online is an Internet online service that provides medical
information, communications, and a transactions network for physicians. It is a
secure, physicians-only environment featuring access to medical databases,
daily medical news, continuing medical education credits, clinical symposia,
e-mail accounts, Internet, discussions with colleagues, secure prescription
transactions, market research and recruiting services, among other services.
Membership is free.

     In February 2000, Mediconsult acquired Web Northstar Interactive, Corp., a
company that specializes in research evaluation. As consideration for the
acquisition, Mediconsult issued approximately 435,000 shares of common stock
for an aggregate price of $2.8 million.

     In March 2000, Mediconsult acquired Storknet, a company dedicated to
pregnancy and parenting issues. As consideration for the acquisition it issued
approximately 34,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate price of $0.2
million.

     In July 2000, Mediconsult announced expense reductions resulting in a
restructuring plan targeted primarily at its consumer website operations as
part of an overall evaluation of potential cost savings. This restructuring
plan highlights Mediconsult's shift toward building its physician community and
developing product offerings for its pharmaceutical clients. Management
believes that the reductions will result in savings of approximately $1 million
per month. The majority of expense reductions are targeted at those business
units that are stand-alone consumer channels. The expense reductions reduced
Mediconsult's headcount by approximately 100 employees, about 45% of the total
workforce at September 30, 2000.

Revenue Sources

     Mediconsult's main sources of revenue have historically been through
services related to the development and support of online education marketing
and sponsorship programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies.
These services continue to be a source of revenue for Mediconsult and typically
include the design, development and management of customized websites relating
to particular pharmaceutical or other health-related products. These services
also include marketing research, focus group testing and online testing of
visitors' preferences. Revenue from these services is recognized on the basis
of contractual commitments over the period of each engagement using the
percentage-of-completion method, based on labor hours and costs incurred as the
measure of progress towards completion. Revenue from support services,
principally the management of websites that Mediconsult develops for its
clients, is recognized ratably over the periods services are provided,
generally on a monthly basis. Payments received from clients prior to the
performance of client services are recorded as unearned revenue.

     Mediconsult also provides advertising services involving the sale of
advertising space on certain websites it owns, manages or sponsors. These
services can be provided separately or as part of a more comprehensive suite of
services provided to its clients. Advertising services include banner
advertisements, polls, surveys, registration programs, coupons and other
interactive forms of advertising. Revenue from advertising sales is recognized
ratably over the period in which the advertisement is displayed, if no
significant obligations remain. In certain cases, advertising revenue from the
sale of advertising space is related to the delivery of impressions or
click-throughs from pages viewed by visitors to its websites. In these cases,
Mediconsult may guarantee a minimum number of impressions or click-throughs by
visitors over a specific period of time. To the extent that revenue is related
to the number of impressions or click-throughs, Mediconsult defers recognition
of this revenue until the required impressions or click-throughs are achieved.
Payments received from advertisers prior to displaying their advertisements are
recorded as deferred revenue. Mediconsult does not recognize revenue from
barter transactions with respect to its advertising services.

     As noted above, in the third quarter Mediconsult expanded its focus on
long term strategic relationships with major pharmaceutical manufacturers to
include other Internet-based initiatives in addition to marketing programs. The
initial relationship in this new strategic direction was entered into with
Bristol-Myers Squibb in which Mediconsult is working with Bristol-Myers to
develop innovative new approaches to electronic medical education. Mediconsult
is currently in the proposal stages for similar relationships with additional
major pharmaceutical companies.

     Mediconsult also derives revenue from licensing content and providing
website support to healthcare and other organizations. These client
organizations make Mediconsult content available to visitors to its websites or
to websites of their clients. Revenue from content licensing is recognized over
the period of the license. In certain cases, Mediconsult designs and develops
these websites. The portion of licensing revenue related to up-front customized
design work is recognized over the period that the work is performed. In
certain cases, Mediconsult realizes additional revenue from management of the
website or its content. Revenue from management services is recognized ratably
over the period the services are performed, generally on a monthly basis.
Mediconsult may also retain the right to place advertising on a website that
hosts its content.

     Although Mediconsult has certain electronic commerce alliances with
merchants of healthcare-oriented books and products, revenue from these
revenue-sharing arrangements has not been material. Revenue from Mediconsult's
share of the proceeds from electronic commerce partners' sales is recognized by
Mediconsult upon notification from its commerce partners of sales attributable
to its websites.

Marketing and Sales Initiatives

     In late 1997, Mediconsult initiated its first significant marketing and
advertising program. Mediconsult was engaged by Novartis Consumer Health Canada
to develop a comprehensive on-line smoking cessation program for its Habitrol
brand, focused on Canadian consumers. Mediconsult developed the website for
this program during early 1998, for which it received payment as services were
performed. Mediconsult receives revenue for maintaining and upgrading this
program, beginning with its launch in June 1998, and receives monthly
advertising revenue for referring visitor traffic to the Habitrol website.
Mediconsult recently expanded the Habitrol program to provide French and
professional healthcare versions of the website.

     Mediconsult has also generated revenue from developing programs for a
number of branded pharmaceutical products for Novartis Pharma, the worldwide
pharmaceutical division of Novartis. Mediconsult is developing a custom version
of an electronic medical education product for Bristol-Myers Squibb. In 1998,
revenue from Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb represented $0.7 million or 65%
total revenue. In the twelve months ended December 31, 1999, revenue from
Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb represented $5.0 million or 76% of
Mediconsult's total revenue. In the nine months ended September 30, 2000,
revenue from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Eli Lilly Company represented $12.5
million or 72% of our total revenue. The loss of Bristol-Myers Squibb as a
customer or any changes to the existing relationship that are less favorable to
Mediconsult, or any significant reduction in traffic on or through the
Physicians' Online website, will materially and adversely affect Mediconsult's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

     To date, Mediconsult's revenue has been generated primarily by its own
internal sales organization, Pharma Marketing, LLC and, to a lesser extent, by
third party advertising representatives. As of September 30, 2000, Mediconsult
had an internal marketing, sales, program design and product development
organization of 87 professionals. Mediconsult believes that it needs to
increase further the size of its internal marketing and sales organization in
order for it to execute successfully its growth strategy and, accordingly,
Mediconsult intends to hire additional marketing and sales professionals in
2001.

Visitor Traffic

     To improve the depth and breadth of Mediconsult's medical content and to
increase visitor traffic, in 1998 through September 2000, Mediconsult completed
strategic initiatives to purchase, manage or sponsor the following websites and
companies:

   o PharmInfo.com, a leading website providing information on pharmaceutical
     products and clinical trials for pharmacists, physicians and consumers.

     o Inciid.org, a website providing information on infertility.

     o Cyberdiet.com, a website providing tailored nutritional information and
     programs.

   o Heartinfo.org, a leading website that provides high quality content and
     tools focused on heart disease and related areas that have attracted a
     large and growing number of visitors to the www.heartinfo.com website.

   o Mood Sciences, Inc., a company that specializes in mental health disease
     management innovations.

   o POL.net, the flagship site of Physicians' Online, a company with more
     authenticated doctor-users than any other medical website.

     o Web Northstar Interactive Corp., a company specializing in online
research products.

     o Storknet, a website dedicated to pregnancy and parenting issues.

     As a consequence of the July 2000 decision to discontinue its consumer
businesses, Mediconsult initiated efforts in the third quarter of 2000 to sell
its consumer oriented assets. To date, Mediconsult has successfully sold
substantially all of the assets of Cyber-Tech, Inc., Cyberdiet, Inc., and the
Storknet Website. The sale of the Mood Sciences, Inc. assets is currently
pending.

Corporate

     Mediconsult was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of
Colorado in October 1989. In April 1996, it purchased Mediconsult.com Limited,
a Bermuda corporation, through a merger in which Mediconsult.com Limited became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mediconsult. In December 1996, Mediconsult
consummated a reincorporation merger pursuant to which it became a Delaware
corporation.

     Mediconsult conducts business primarily through Mediconsult.com Limited,
its Bermudan subsidiary. In addition to Mediconsult.com Limited, Mediconsult
has established subsidiaries in the United States, Canada and the United
Kingdom. Mediconsult's operations are conducted by Mediconsult.com Limited,
which has obtained an exemption from all Bermudan income taxes until the year
2016. Mediconsult.com Limited has, however, entered into service agreements
with other subsidiaries of Mediconsult for their employees to provide services
to Mediconsult.com Limited. These subsidiaries will be subject to income taxes
in their jurisdictions. Mediconsult.com Limited may be deemed to be doing
business in the United States and thereby become subject to US taxation.

Stock Options and Warrants

     Mediconsult expenses stock options granted to employees over their vesting
period, based on their fair value at the date of grant, under Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 "Accounting For Stock-Based
Compensation." The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees
for services provided are expensed over the period the services are performed
in accordance with EITF 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are
Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling,
Goods or Services."

     Pursuant to an agreement dated July 28, 1998 with Arnhold and S.
Bleichroeder, Inc. to provide Mediconsult with investment advisory services,
Mediconsult has issued to Arnold and S. Bleichroeder 100,000 shares of common
stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 shares of common stock
with an exercise price of $1.22 per share, which was the closing price of
Mediconsult's common stock on the contract date. Of this amount, warrants for
200,000 shares of common stock were delivered upon the initial filing of a
prospectus and warrants for 200,000 shares of common stock were deliverable in
2000, if certain conditions were met. Warrants for 100,000 shares were
delivered on March 15, 2000. Delivery of the warrants will result in the
recognition of an expense in the statement of operations equal to the fair
value of the warrants on the date of delivery in accordance with EITF 96-18
"Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for
Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services." At September 30,
2000, Mediconsult determined that the final 100,000 warrant shares will not
vest.

     On March 23, 2000 the Company and Accenture, formerly known as Andersen
Consulting LLP, entered into a warrant agreement under which Mediconsult issued
Accenture warrants to purchase 1,503,425 shares of Mediconsult's common stock
at an exercise price of $3.8125 per share in connection with consulting
services rendered by Accenture to Mediconsult under a consulting services
agreement signed on September 10, 1999. The warrants have a term of five years
and vest over time,

based upon consulting services performed by Accenture on Mediconsult's behalf.
In connection with the issuance of these warrants, Mediconsult reserved
1,503,425 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants.

     During the quarter ended September 30, 2000, Mediconsult offered employees
an opportunity to cancel existing option grants in exchange for new, re-priced
option awards. The re-pricing offer was for the same number of shares
cancelled; however, vesting of the re-priced options began at the new grant
date, and vesting of the new options does not automatically accelerate upon a
change in control of Mediconsult. Of those eligible for the re-pricing, 3
accepted the offer, representing 104,500 option shares. The re-pricing was
effective August 7, 2000. The net affect on the second quarter option expense
as a result of the re-pricing was an increase of $3,641.

     As a result of Mediconsult's restructuring, many participants in
Mediconsult's employee stock option plan were no longer eligible to participate
in the plan, and some or all of those employees' outstanding option grants were
forfeited. The expense previously incurred relative to the issuance of these
option grants which were forfeited by certain employees was reversed in the
same period of the employees' termination, resulting in a credit balance for
the quarter ended September 30, 2000.

Results of Operations

     Revenue. Revenue consists of fees received for the design, development and
implementation of online marketing and advertising programs, including website
development and implementation, advertising services, licensing our content and
website support. Revenue was $0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1997,
$1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 233% over the
prior year, and $6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase
of 540% over the prior year. Revenue was $17.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 and $3.7 million for the nine months ended September
30, 1999, an increase of 365%. The period-to-period growth in revenue was
primarily attributable to acquisitions, an increase in the number of clients,
the number of marketing and advertising programs developed and implemented for
those clients and Mediconsult's newly introduced initiatives focused on the
delivery of electronic medical education over the Internet.

     Product And Content Development. Product and content development costs
include expenses incurred by Mediconsult to develop, enhance, manage, monitor
and operate its websites and to develop new products such as electronic medical
education and related products. Prior to 1997, these costs consisted primarily
of third party software development expenses, which were deferred and amortized
over the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1998. From 1997 onwards, these costs
have consisted primarily of salaries and fees paid to employees and consultants
to develop and maintain the software and information contained on Mediconsult's
websites. For the year ended December 31, 1997, these costs were $0.8 million,
for the year ended December 31, 1998, these costs were $1.3 million, an
increase of 63% over the prior year, and for the year ended December 31, 1999
these costs were $7.6 million, an increase of 485% over the prior year. Total
product and content development costs increased from $4.6 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999 to $19.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000. For 1997 and 1998, these costs related primarily to the
development of healthcare content. In 1999 and 2000 these activities were
supplemented by both internal and third party expenses incurred for the
development of new products, such as electronic medical education as well as
costs incurred relating to acquisitions.

     Marketing, Sales And Client Services. Marketing, sales and client services
costs include expenses incurred by Mediconsult to obtain and maintain client
relationships. These costs included salaries and fees paid to employees and
consultants, and programming costs. In 1997, marketing, sales and client
services costs were $1.1 million and for the year ended December 31, 1998,
marketing, sales and client services costs were $1.8 million, an increase of
64% over the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 1999, these costs were
$11.9 million, an increase of 561% over the prior year, consisting primarily of
costs associated with the development and implementation of specific client
marketing programs and of new prototype marketing and advertising programs. A
substantial portion of the increase was attributable to acquisitions and a
marketing agreement entered into with Pharma

Marketing, LLC which resulted in sales and marketing efforts being
significantly increased. Total marketing, sales and client service costs
increased from $7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to
$12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30,2000. These costs
increased during this nine month period as Mediconsult's activities in
sponsorships and its medical educational programs increased.

     General And Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related costs for general corporate
functions, including finance, accounting and legal expenses, and fees for other
professional services. For the year ended December 31, 1997, general and
administrative expenses were $0.8 million. These expenses were $1.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 25% over the prior year, and
$7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 610% over the
prior year. Total general and administrative expenses increased from $3.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $5.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2000. The increase in general and
administrative expenses was attributable to increased salaries and related
expenses associated with acquired companies and hiring additional personnel to
support the growth of Mediconsult's operations. In addition, we opened offices
in New York and Toronto in 1999.

     Depreciation And Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense
includes depreciation of tangible assets and software, using the straight line
method, over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Amortization expense
includes intangible assets such as goodwill. For the year ended December 31,
1997, depreciation and amortization expense was $0.1 million. These expenses
were $0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 100%
over the prior year, and $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, an
increase of 1800% over the prior year. The increases were primarily due to the
growth of Mediconsult, and the acquisitions completed in 1999, principally the
amortization of intangibles arising from the Physicians' Online transaction.
Depreciation and amortization expense increased from $1.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999 to $32.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000. These nine month period-to-period increases are primarily
due to the amortization of goodwill from the Physicians' Online acquisition
which was completed in December 1999.

     Restructuring. During the third quarter of 2000, Mediconsult initiated a
restructuring program. The restructuring was intended to reduce its cost
structure for website operations and to focus resources on its core businesses
related to educating and connecting physicians and patients. The restructuring
predominantly affected operations in Mediconsult's Canadian location. During
the third quarter of 2000, a charge of approximately $2.8 million was recorded
with respect to the restructuring of Mediconsult's Canadian location and
website operations. Approximately 100 employees were notified of terminations
as operations were curtailed in line with current demands for Mediconsult's
products. As a result, 96 employees were terminated as of September 30, 2000
and the remaining employees were terminated as of December 31, 2000.

     The restructuring plan was adopted due to several related factors,
including the continued difficulty in successfully executing a consumer
oriented business model and the costs associated with maintaining and enhancing
Mediconsult's consumer web properties, including, mediconsult.com,
heartinfo.org, cyberdiet.com, storknet.com, and pharminfo.com. Furthermore, the
capital market's change in valuation of web-based healthcare companies has made
the raising of additional capital more difficult. As a result of these factors
we adopted the described restructuring during the quarter ended September 30,
2000.

     Mediconsult believes that the actions taken in conjunction with the
restructuring will not adversely affect its ability to increase revenue in any
material fashion. The cost savings associated with the restructuring should
speed Mediconsult's transition to profitability and enhance future cash flows.
It is not anticipated that the cost savings realized as a result of the
restructuring will be offset by future cost increase, unless supported by
additional revenue justifying any such future cost increases.

     Of the total restructuring charge, of $2.8 million, payments of $0.8
million were made in the three months ended September 30, 2000. The balance of
$2.0 million will be paid over time, with the final payments being made upon
the expiration of the lease on the Canadian offices on September 30, 2004.

     Impairment Of Long-Lived Assets. As a further consequence of the factors
described in the foregoing discussion of restructuring charge taken in the
third quarter of 2000, in the same period, Mediconsult realized an impairment
of long-lived assets. A charge of approximately $8.3 million was recorded in
this period related to the write-off of the carrying value of goodwill
originally acquired with the purchase of the operations affected by the
restructuring. Mediconsult has determined that there will be no future cash
flows associated with the goodwill. In addition, certain fixed assets used in
the operations affected by the restructuring will be disposed of during the
fourth quarter of 2000 resulting in a charge of approximately $0.3 million to
reflect a reduction in their carrying value to approximate their fair value,
which is the estimated sales price Mediconsult will receive for the fixed
assets. Mediconsult believes that the actions taken in conjunction with
disposal of these assets will not adversely affect its ability to increase
revenue in any material fashion.

     The charge realized for the impairment of long-lived assets is non-cash
and will have no adverse affect on Mediconsult's future cash flows.

     Fair Value Of Options Granted To Employees. Mediconsult has recorded
compensation expense in connection with the vesting of employee stock options
of $40,235 during the year ended December 31, 1997, $0.3 million during the
year ended December 31, 1998, an increase of 646% over the prior year, and $2.0
million during the year ended December 31, 1999, an increase of 567% over the
prior year. In the nine month period ended September 30, 2000 compensation
expense in connection with the vesting of employee stock options increased to
$1.5 million, an increase of $0.4 million or 36.3% over the expense recognized
in the nine month period ended September 30, 1999 of $1.1 million. The
increases are attributable to an increase in the number of employees and the
number of options being granted to employees and an increase in the value of
each stock option granted.

     Fair Value Of Options Granted To Consultants And Warrants Granted To Third
Parties. The fair value of options and warrants granted to non-employees for
services provided are expensed over the period the services are performed in
accordance with EITF 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued
to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or
Services." Mediconsult recorded compensation expense in connection with stock
options and warrants granted to consultants and third parties of $0 during the
year ended December 31, 1997, $1.4 million in the year ended December 31, 1998,
and $1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 1999 (an increase of 29%
over the prior year). The related expense increased from $1.7 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $1.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.

     Compensation expense represents the amortization of deferred compensation
that is measured based on the fair value of the options and warrants granted to
employees, consultants and third parties. These amounts are amortized over the
vesting period of the applicable options. Mediconsult has recorded deferred
compensation for the value of the options granted that have not yet vested of
$0.9 million as of December 31, 1998. $16.1 million as of December 31, 1999 and
$8.3 million as of September 30, 1999.

Quarterly Results of Operations Data

     The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly consolidated
statement of operations data for each of the eight quarters ended December 31,
1999. In Mediconsult's opinion, this data has been prepared on substantially
the same basis as the audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this
report and includes all necessary adjustments, consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments necessary for fair presentation of this data. The
quarterly data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
the notes to these statements appearing elsewhere in this report. The results
of operations for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results of
operations for any future period.

     Mediconsult has limited operating history upon which to evaluate its
business and predict revenue and planned operating expenses. Mediconsult's
quarterly operating results may vary significantly in the foreseeable future
due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside its control. The timing
of its marketing program and electronic medical education product sales are two
of the most significant factors affecting quarterly results. The time between
the date of initial contact with a potential client and the execution of a
contract with the client typically ranges from six weeks for smaller agreements
nine months for larger agreements. These contracts are also subject to delays
over which Mediconsult has little or no control, including customers budgetary
constraints, their internal acceptance reviews whether or when regulatory
approval of their products is given by the Food and Drug Administration or
other regulatory authority, the possibility of cancellation or delay of
projects by clients and any post-approval actions taken by the FDA or other
regulatory authority, including product recalls. During the selling process,
Mediconsult may expend substantial funds and management resources and yet not
obtain adequate revenue. Once a contract is executed, a significant portion of
Mediconsult's revenue may be derived from custom development efforts and
implementation projects, rather than from recurring fees. As a result,
Mediconsult cannot predict with certainty when it will perform the work
necessary to receive payment for these projects. In addition, traffic levels on
websites have typically fluctuated during the summer, and during year-end and
holiday periods, and Mediconsult could experience a decrease in visitor traffic
to its websites during these periods.

                                                                                Quarter Ended
                                                                                 (unaudited)
                                                             ---------------------------------------------------
                                                              Mar. 31,     Jun. 30,     Sept. 30,      Dec. 31,
                                                                1998         1998          1998          1998
                                                             ----------   ----------   -----------   -----------
                                                                               (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................    $   206      $   215       $   238      $    372
                                                              -------      -------       -------      --------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................        250          260           401           405
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................        189          492           234           896
 General and administrative ..............................        171          137           183           435
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................         39          126            45            46
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............         39           30            26           180
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........         --           --            --         1,354
                                                              -------      -------       -------      --------
 Total operating expenses ................................        688        1,045           889         3,317
                                                              -------      -------       -------      --------
Loss from operations .....................................       (482)        (830)         (651)       (2,945)
Interest Income ..........................................         --           --            --            --
                                                              -------      -------       -------      --------
Net loss .................................................    $  (482)     $  (830)      $  (651)     $ (2,945)
Net loss per share .......................................    $ (0.03)     $ (0.05)      $ (0.04)     $  (0.16)
                                                              =======      =======       =======      ========

     In 1999, due to various factors the quarters ended March 31, June 30, and
September 30, 1999, were revised, after the initial filings were made. The
following tables provide the Quarterly Results of Operations Data for each
quarter of 1999, as originally filed and as revised, including the effect of
the revisions.

                                                                     Quarter Ended
                                                                      (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                 Mar. 31,        Mar. 31,
                                                                   1999            1999
                                                             ---------------   ------------
                                                              (as reported)      (revised)
                                                                     (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $    700         $    487
                                                                --------         --------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................           752              905
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................           738              738
 General and administrative ..............................           825              656
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................           119              119
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............           191              152
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
 Total operating expenses ................................         2,625            2,570
                                                                --------         --------
Loss from operations .....................................        (1,924)          (2,083)
Interest income ..........................................            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss .................................................        (1,924)          (2,083)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      $ (1,924)        $ (3,028)
Net loss per share .......................................      $  (0.10)        $  (0.16)
                                                                ========         ========

     The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended March 31, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                        Effect on Net Loss
                                                       -------------------
                                                          (in thousands)

Reduction of Revenue ...............................        $   (214)
Reflect dividends on preferred stock (1) ...........            (946)
Fair value of options granted to employees .........              40
Other net decrease in operating expenses ...........              16
                                                            --------
  Total effect .....................................        $ (1,104)
                                                            ========

- ----------------
(1) Amount is reflected as an increase to net loss attributable to common
shareholders.

                                                                     Quarter Ended
                                                                      (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                 Jun. 30,        Jun. 30,
                                                                   1999            1999
                                                             ---------------   ------------
                                                              (as reported)      (revised)
                                                                     (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $  1,203         $    812
                                                                --------         --------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................         1,368            1,368
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................           837              837
 General and administrative ..............................           649              830
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................           388              388
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............           384              391
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........         2,269            1,498
                                                                --------         --------
 Total operating expenses ................................         5,896            5,312
                                                                --------         --------
Loss from operations .....................................        (4,693)          (4,500)
Interest income ..........................................           576              576
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss .................................................        (4,117)          (3,924)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      $ (4,117)        $ (3,924)
Net loss per share .......................................      $  (0.15)        $  (0.14)
                                                                ========         ========

     The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended June 30, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                           Effect on Net Loss
                                                          -------------------
                                                             Quarter Ended
                                                                06/30/99
                                                          -------------------
                                                             (in thousands)

Reduction of Revenue ..................................         $ (391)
Fair value of options granted to employees ............             (7)
Fair value of warrants granted to consultants .........            771
Other net decrease in operating expenses ..............           (180)
                                                                ------
  Total effect ........................................         $  193
                                                                ======

                                                                     Quarter Ended
                                                                      (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------
                                                                 Sep. 30,        Sep. 30,
                                                                   1999            1999
                                                             ---------------   ------------
                                                              (as reported)      (revised)
                                                                     (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $  1,984         $  2,416
                                                                --------         --------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................         2,369            2,369
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................         2,764            6,087
 General and administrative ..............................         1,225            1,847
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................           885              885
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............         1,120              517
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........            --              210
                                                                --------         --------
 Total operating expenses ................................         8,364           11,915
                                                                --------         --------
Loss from operations .....................................        (6,379)          (9,499)
Interest income ..........................................           592              592
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss .................................................        (5,787)          (8,907)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................            --               --
                                                                --------         --------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      $ (5,787)        $ (8,907)
Net loss per share .......................................      $  (0.20)        $  (0.31)
                                                                ========         ========

     The effect of the revisions in the quarter ended September 30, 1999 was as
follows:

                                                             Effect on Net Loss
                                                            -------------------
                                                               Quarter Ended
                                                                  09/30/99
                                                            -------------------
                                                               (in thousands)

Increase in (reduction of) revenue ......................        $    432
Fair value of options granted to employees ..............             603
Fair value of warrant granted to consultants ............            (210)
Expense amounts related to Pharma Marketing LLC .........          (3,323)
Other net decrease in operating expenses ................            (622)
                                                                 --------
  Total effect ..........................................        $ (3,120)
                                                                 ========

                                                              Quarter Ended
                                                               (unaudited)
                                                              Dec. 31, 1999
                                                             ---------------
                                                              (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................      $   2,647
                                                                ---------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................          2,933
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................          4,273
 General and administrative ..............................          3,723
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................          2,366
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............            970
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........            126
                                                                ---------
 Total operating expenses ................................         14,391
                                                                ---------
Loss from operations .....................................        (11,744)
Interest income ..........................................            374
                                                                ---------
Net loss .................................................        (11,370)
Dividends on preferred stock .............................             --
                                                                ---------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders .............      $ (11,370)
Net loss per share .......................................      $   (0.35)
                                                                =========

                                                                                 Quarter Ended
                                                                                  (unaudited)
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 Mar. 31,           Jun. 30,           Sept. 30,
                                                                   2000               2000               2000
                                                             ----------------   ----------------   ----------------
                                                                                 (in thousands)

Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues .................................................    $   6,224,191      $   4,539,703      $   6,507,105
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
Operating Expenses:
 Product and content development .........................        8,016,917          7,084,828          4,651,665
 Marketing, sales and client services ....................        4,975,119          3,327,309          3,841,144
 General and administrative ..............................        1,998,060         2,0238,218          1,643,070
 Depreciation and amortization ...........................       10,739,314         11,118,802         10,581,923
 Restructuring Charge ....................................               --                 --                 --
 Charge for impairment of long-lived assets ..............               --                 --          8,557,690
 Fair value of options granted to employees ..............          682,344            952,214            (98,212)
 Fair value of warrants granted to third parties .........          493,697          1,090,000            221,650
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
 Total operating expenses ................................       26,905,451         25,611,371         32,229,529
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
Loss from operations .....................................      (20,681,260)       (21,071,668)       (25,722,424)
Interest income (expense), net ...........................          142,689             38,261            (58,578)
                                                              -------------      -------------      -------------
Net loss .................................................    $ (20,538,571)     $ (21,033,407)     $ (25,781,002)
Net loss per share .......................................    $       (0.41)     $       (0.40)     $       (0.48)
                                                              =============      =============      =============

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Since inception, Mediconsult has financed operations primarily through the
public and private placement of equity securities and advances from its
principal stockholder. Mediconsult's most significant financing transaction was
a public offering completed in April 1999 which raised net proceeds to
Mediconsult of $57 million. As of December 31, 1999, Mediconsult had $22.3
million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $0.1 million at December 31,
1998. In May 2000, Mediconsult received $6.5 million in proceeds from a
placement of equity securities to McKesson HBOC, Inc. As of September 30, 2000,
the cash and cash equivalents balance was $0.9 million.

     Mediconsult has incurred substantial costs to design, develop and
implement Internet-based marketing and advertising programs for clients, to
build brand awareness and to grow its business. As a result, Mediconsult has
incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in each
quarter since commencing operations. As of September 30, 2000, Mediconsult had
an accumulated deficit of $102.0 million. These losses have been primarily
funded through the financing activities described above and by advances
aggregating $5.1 million by a stockholder, an entity controlled by Robert A.
Jennings, Mediconsult's former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Approximately $0.5 million of these advances were repaid and $4.3 million
converted to equity in 1999. The balance was repaid in April 2000.

     To date, Mediconsult has experienced negative cash flows from operating
activities. For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash used in operating
activities was $2.5 million. For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
used in operating activities was $2.7 million. For the year ended December 31,
1999, net cash used in operating activities was $14.4 million. Net cash used in
operating activities for these periods was primarily attributable to net losses
during these periods offset by certain non-cash expenses. For the year ended
December 31, 1999, the increase in net cash used in operating activities was
attributable to a net operating loss of $26.3 million, offset by certain
non-cash items of $11.9 million in the aggregate. This amount was comprised of
deferred compensation expense of $3.9 million related to stock options and
warrants granted to employees and consultants, depreciation of $0.6 million,
amortization of intangibles of $3.1 million, amortization of deferred
compensation related to shares issued for services and membership in Pharma
Marketing LLC of $1.5 million and net changes in operating working capital of
$2.8 million. Net cash used in operating activities during the nine months
ended September 30,1999 was $10.3 million, compared to net cash used in
operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 of $21.9
million. This increase in cash used was primarily attributable to net losses
during this period, which were partially offset by certain non-cash items of
$49.6 million. This amount was comprised of depreciation and amortization of
$32.4 million, services rendered in exchange for common stock of $2.0 million,
restructuring charges of $2.8 million, impairment of long-lived assets of $8.6
million, and warrants granted to consultants and employees of $6.7 million. Net
cash used reflected several factors, including (1) increased operating expenses
as our business volume increased; (2) an increase in accounts receivable of
$4.7 million; and (3) decreases in accounts payable of $3.3 million.

     For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash used in investing
activities was $0.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
used in investing activities was $30,225. For the year ended December 31, 1999,
net cash used in investing activities was $23.7 million. Cash used in investing
activities during 1997 and 1998 related to capital expenditures, primarily the
acquisition of equipment. In 1999, the balance was comprised of $2.4 million of
capital expenditures and $21.3 million on acquisition of subsidiaries, net of
cash acquired of $.2 million. Net cash used in investing activities during the
nine months ended September 30,1999 was $15.7 million, compared to net cash
used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 of
$4.0 million. This decrease in cash used was primarily attributable to the
reduction of acquisition activity and was partially offset by increased fixed
asset purchases.

     For the period ended December 31, 1997, net cash provided by financing
activities was $2.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 1998, net cash
provided by financing activities was $2.4 million. For the year ended December
31, 1999, net cash provided by financing activities was $60.3 million. Net cash
proceeds from financing activities in 1997 and 1998 were primarily attributable
to net proceeds received from unsecured advances from a stockholder in the
aggregate amount of $2.6 million in 1997 and $2.2 million in 1998. By December
31, 1999, $4.3 million of the cash advances from a stockholder made prior to
that date had been converted into junior preferred stock. Net cash provided by
financing activities in 1999 comprised $57 million from the issuance of common
stock and $3.2 million from the issuance of senior preferred stock that was
subsequently converted to common stock. We also had net repayments of $0.2
million to a stockholder in 1999 and realized $0.3 million from the exercise of
stock options. Net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 was $4.5 million. The net cash provided by financing
activities in the nine

months ended September 30, 2000 was the result of a $6.5 million private
placement of Mediconsult common stock to McKesson HBOC, Inc. in May 2000.

     As of December 31, 1999, Mediconsult had no principal capital commitments
outstanding. During 2000, Mediconsult expects to repay $5.0 million of notes
payable. In addition, at December 31, 1999 Mediconsult had lease obligations
totaling $1,266,000, as more specifically set forth below:

                Year                    Lease Obligations
- ------------------------------------   ------------------

  2000 .............................       $  434,000
  2001 .............................          227,000
  2002 .............................          227,000
  2003 .............................          218,000
  2004 .............................          160,000
                                           ----------
  Total lease obligations ..........       $1,266,000

     Subsequent to December 31, 1999, Mediconsult has entered into additional
lease agreements which will increase its lease obligations in 2000, 2001, 2002,
2003, and 2004, by $801,567, $915,156, $915,156, $228,789, and $0,
respectively.

     In connection with its sponsorship and management of INCIID.ORG,
Mediconsult has committed to pay INCIID $0.5 million per year beginning in 1999
for three years in equal quarterly installments, in cash or common stock as
Mediconsult determines with respect to each quarter.

     Mediconsult's ability to generate significant revenue is uncertain.
Mediconsult incurred net losses of approximately $2.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 1997, $4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1998 and
$26.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1999. Mediconsult incurred net
losses attributable to common stockholders of approximately $67.4 million and
$15.9 million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2000 and September
30, 1999, respectively. Mediconsult expects losses from operations and negative
cash flow to continue for the foreseeable future and at least through the year
2000 as a result of its expansion plans and expectations that operating
expenses will increase in the next several years. The rate at which these
losses will be incurred may increase from current levels. Although Mediconsult
has experienced revenue growth in recent periods, its revenue may not remain at
current levels or increase in the future. If its revenue does not increase and
if spending levels are not adjusted accordingly, Mediconsult may not generate
sufficient revenue to achieve profitability, which would have a material
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.
Even if Mediconsult achieves profitability, it may not sustain or increase
profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.

     Mediconsult's working capital requirements depend on numerous factors.
Mediconsult has experienced a substantial increase in expenditures since
inception consistent with growth in its operations and staffing, and
anticipates that this will continue for the foreseeable future. Mediconsult
anticipates incurring additional expenses to increase its marketing and sales
efforts, for new product and content development and for technology and
infrastructure development. Additionally, Mediconsult will continue to evaluate
possible investments in businesses, products and technologies, the expansion of
our marketing and sales programs and more aggressive brand promotions. If
Mediconsult experiences a shortfall in revenue in relation to expenses, or if
its expenses precede increased revenue, its business, financial condition and
results of operation and could be materially and adversely affected.

     Mediconsult has incurred significant losses and negative cash flow from
operations during the nine-months ended September 30, 2000 and expects these
conditions to continue for the foreseeable future. In addition, Mediconsult is
in default on notes payable which were due on October 31, 2000. Mediconsult has
negative working capital and needs additional capital to fund operations and
liquidate liabilities in the ordinary course of business during the year ending
December 31, 2001. Management's current plan, which is discussed in greater
detail below, includes merging with Andrx

Corporation. In the event Mediconsult's planned merger with Andrx is not
completed or if it is otherwise unable to obtain needed capital on appropriate
terms, operations would need to be significantly scaled back or discontinued.

     In January 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors approved a merger
agreement with Andrx Corporation, under which Mediconsult will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation.

     Under the merger agreement, each share of Mediconsult common stock, issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will
automatically convert into 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to
adjustment. In addition, options and warrants to acquire Mediconsult common
stock outstanding immediately before the effective time of the merger will be
assumed by Andrx Corporation and converted into options and warrants to acquire
Cybear tracking stock at the rate of 0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock,
subject to adjustment. The Cybear tracking stock is a class of Andrx common
stock designed to track the financial performance of Andrx Corporation's
Internet assets, which are referred to as Cybear.

     In connection with the merger, Mediconsult entered into a credit agreement
with Cybear Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andrx Corporation, whereby,
Cybear Inc. agreed to provide Mediconsult with up to $2.0 million in interim
financing to fund its operating activities until the effective time of the
merger. Amounts borrowed under such credit agreement are due on July 15, 2001,
and collateralized by all of the outstanding common stock of Physicians Online.
In the event that the merger agreement is terminated, the amount due is
convertible into shares of Mediconsult common stock at a conversion price of
$0.125 per share. In addition, Mediconsult issued Cybear Inc. a warrant to
purchase 8,926,502 shares of Mediconsult common stock at an exercise price of
$0.125 per share, exercisable up to January 9, 2006 but only in the event that
the merger agreement is terminated and Mediconsult is obligated to pay the $1.0
million termination fee.

     In the event that the merger is terminated under certain conditions
defined in the agreement, the breaching party will pay the other party a
termination fee of $750,000. In the event that the merger agreement is
terminated certain conditions defined in the merger agreement, Andrx will
receive a termination fee of $1.0 million, in addition to the issuance of a
warrant to purchase up to 19.9% of the then outstanding capital stock of
Mediconsult.

     Although a significant portion of Mediconsult's revenue is derived from
activities conducted outside the United States, fees paid to Mediconsult have
been and are expected to continue to be paid in U.S. dollars. However, a
substantial portion of Mediconsult's payroll is paid, and it is expected that
rent under leases of office facilities outside the United States will be paid,
in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Because its financial results are
reported in U.S. dollars, they are affected by changes in the value of the
various foreign currencies in which Mediconsult makes payments in relation to
the U.S. dollar. Mediconsult does not cover known or anticipated operating
exposures through foreign currency exchange option or forward contracts. The
primary currency for which Mediconsult has foreign currency exchange rate
exposure is the Canadian dollar. Mediconsult's financial instruments, including
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities and advances from shareholder are carried at cost, which
approximates their fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
instruments.

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     Mediconsult's management believes that the future adoption of recently
issued accounting standards will not have a material impact on Mediconsult's
financial statements, except that Mediconsult is currently evaluating the
future impact that Staff Accounting Bulletin 101, "Revenue Recognition," issued
in December 1999 by the Securities and Exchange Commission, will have on its
financial statements.

                            BUSINESS OF MEDICONSULT

Overview

     Mediconsult was founded as a Delaware corporation in 1996. It uses the
Internet to educate and connect doctors and patients. Mediconsult's web
communities and interactive solutions educate physicians, empower patients and
enable more effective doctor-patient relationships. Mediconsult provides
relevant tools, reliable services and quality medical information, that save
doctors time and improve health outcomes for their patients.

     Mediconsult's focus is on the chronic medical conditions that are
responsible for the majority of healthcare spending. By fostering communities
centered on prevalent medical conditions and health issues, Mediconsult
believes it creates significant opportunities for pharmaceutical and other
healthcare companies to effectively reach physician and patient audiences using
Internet-based educational, marketing and sponsorship programs.

     On December 16, 1999, Mediconsult completed the acquisition of Physicians'
Online, Inc., a physicians-only Internet service that provides doctors with
clinically oriented services, tools, and information. It is a secure,
physicians-only environment featuring access to clinical discussion groups,
medical databases, daily medical news, continuing medical education credits,
clinical symposia, e-mail accounts, Internet access, secure prescription
transactions, market research and recruiting services, among other services.
Membership is free so long as the member does not use Physicians' Online as its
Internet Service Provider. Physicians' Online's services are principally
supported by pharmaceutical and direct-to-physician advertising sponsors as
well as subscription fees from its members using it as an Internet Service
Provider and MDDirect, a physician recruitment business.

     Mediconsult address is 560 White Plains Road, 4th Floor, Tarrytown, NY
10591. Its telephone number is (914) 332-6100 and its principal websites are
www.mediconsultinc.com and www.pol.net. Information contained on its websites
is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Industry Background

     As consumers have become more proactive in their personal healthcare
decisions, they have increasingly searched for information about medical
conditions, treatment alternatives and medical outcomes. This trend has also
accelerated the use and acceptance of the Internet by healthcare providers. The
Internet enables individuals, whether patients or healthcare professionals, to
access large quantities of this information quickly and easily. With this
growth in healthcare information available online, and the ubiquity of the
Internet, physicians and other healthcare professionals have begun to accept
the Internet as a tool enabling them to more effectively and efficiently
provide healthcare to their patients.

     The Rapid Growth Of The Internet. The growth of the Internet as a new
means of communicating, accessing information and engaging in commerce has been
rapid and is expected to accelerate. Jupiter Communications estimates that the
number of Internet users worldwide will grow to approximately 250 million by
the end of 2002. This growth is being driven by a number of factors, including
a growing base of personal computers in the home and workplace, improvements in
network infrastructure, more convenient, faster and inexpensive Internet
access, technological advances in PCs and modems, increased quantity and
quality of content available on the Internet and the overall increased public
awareness of the Internet. Due to its large audience, the Internet represents a
significant channel for advertisers.

     The Interactive Nature Of The Internet. The Internet provides an effective
method for individuals to access large quantities of reliable and independent
information on medical conditions, treatment alternatives and medical outcomes.
Mediconsult believes that access to this information,

together with support groups and interaction with medical experts on-line,
leads to a greater understanding of health issues and improved patient
compliance with pharmaceutical protocols. The Internet also provides an
attractive vehicle for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies to
increase consumers' awareness of diagnosed and undiagnosed medical conditions
and treatment options. The Internet allows pharmaceutical companies to easily
provide information targeted to visitors' needs, which may lead to improved
patient compliance with prescribed drug therapies. It has been estimated that
10% of prescriptions are never filled, 33% are not properly refilled and 50%
are not taken as prescribed, resulting in poorer health outcomes for patients
and increased expenditures to the overall healthcare system.

     Advertising On The Internet. The Internet's interactive nature, coupled
with the demographics of the Internet healthcare user, makes the Internet an
attractive vehicle for both direct-to-consumer and direct-to-healthcare
professional advertising of prescription pharmaceuticals. Mediconsult believes
that the Internet will capture an increasing portion of this market as
pharmaceutical companies recognize the value of this medium for their products.

     Delivery Of Medical Education Over The Internet. The Internet's
interactive nature and the ability to access the medium from home, office and
many other locations makes the Internet a viable alternative to existing
methods of delivering medical education to healthcare professionals.
Mediconsult believes that the Internet will capture an increasing portion of
spending for medical education as pharmaceutical companies recognize the
Internet as a reliable, cost-effective alternative to traditional methods of
delivering medical education to healthcare professionals.

The Solution

     Through its websites, Mediconsult addresses physicians and consumers'
needs for healthcare information and provides a targeted marketing and
advertising platform for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies. Key
elements of this solution include:

     High Quality Trusted Content; User-Friendly Environment. Mediconsult
provides its visitors with high quality content on specific medical conditions
and health issues and an easy-to-navigate environment. Its staff searches for
and reviews extensive amounts of health information and selects relevant
material from a wide variety of sources, including medical journals, healthcare
association literature and general periodicals.

     Large, Highly Targeted Audience. Mediconsult's websites are designed to
attract a highly desirable target audience of healthcare professionals and
patients for pharmaceutical manufacturers and other healthcare companies.
Mediconsult has developed a sophisticated, integrated database of demographic
information about healthcare professionals' and patients' needs, habits,
preferences and intentions. Mediconsult is able to identify its visitor traffic
patterns by condition or health issue, which provides relevant information for
clients seeking to target an audience for a particular pharmaceutical product
or condition.

     Broad, Sophisticated Internet Healthcare Marketing And Advertising
Programs. Mediconsult designs, develops, and implements broad, sophisticated
Internet compliance, launch, marketing and direct-to-consumer advertising
programs for pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies and provides ongoing
support services as part of these programs. Mediconsult utilizes its extensive
knowledge of the Internet healthcare user and its high quality, focused content
to effectively design and develop programs focused on a particular product or
health issue. These programs incorporate one or more of a broad spectrum of
Internet-based tools and products ranging from condition diagnosis tools, to
targeted site sponsorships, to customized websites containing relevant content
from its websites. In addition, Mediconsult delivers high quality, real-time
interactive medical education programs via the Internet.

Mediconsult Strategy

     Effective upon its acquisition of Physicians' Online, Mediconsult changed
its business strategy and announced that it would no longer be selling banner
advertisements on its patient-focused websites. Mediconsult is now primarily
focused on physicians as the driving force of most healthcare spending.
Mediconsult operates the first and one of the most active online network of
physicians -- Physicians' Online. Physicians' Online has been operating since
1992. The Physicians' Online network offers a number of services and tools for
physicians that focus on the physician's on-line clinical needs, including:

     o journal articles;
     o medical associations;
     o medical news;
     o practice management tools;
     o continuing medical education;
     o discussion forums;
     o e-mail;
     o Internet access;
     o recruitment services;
     o build-a-website;
     o Rx sample ordering; and
     o e-commerce.

     The Physicians' Online network is accessible only by members that have
been authenticated as practicing U.S.-based physicians prior to their entering
the site. The authentication process requires the physician to provide personal
information that is then matched to the American Medical Association database,
or to provide other appropriate documentation like a medical license, for
example, via fax. Once the physician has been authenticated, Mediconsult
provides him or her with a username and password to use each time they visit
the network.

     Physicians' Online operated an ISP as an additional service to its
members. Historically, approximately half of Physicians' Online's active
members accessed the service through the Physicians' Online ISP. However, in
the Fall of 2000, Mediconsult announced a strategic alliance with AT&T Internet
Services to provide Internet access to the Physicians' Online membership. Since
this announcement, the number of Physicians' Online members accessing the
Physicians' Online Website has declined rapidly as they migrated to other
methods of accessing the Internet. Effective January 31, 2001, the Physicians'
Online ISP will be terminated and all members will be required to access the
site via other ISPs.

     The most popular features of the Physicians' Online site are the clinical
discussion forums, medical literature searches and e-mail. There are more than
35,000 active discussion `threads' on Physicians' Online. Members can post
clinical information about a difficult case and receive advice from their
colleagues.

     As a result of the Physicians' Online merger, Mediconsult has one of the
largest authenticated, physicians-only audiences, combined with one of the
largest patient audiences. This asset allows Mediconsult to focus more intently
on the opportunities in areas such as electronic medical education, as
evidenced by its September 1999 agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb, and
physician programs su