URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/877890/000092701601001538/0000927016-01-001538.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SNgMxkeAScicDRnxmrWPoHnd282eLebAfIkJw7fQns/Rma56Ho72szZ0wIqOW3Oa
 ALrOE6nRkAjQtdIN0IcMMA==

0000927016-01-001538.txt : 20010329

0000927016-01-001538.hdr.sgml : 20010329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000927016-01-001538
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC TO-T
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010328

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001028442
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				521956677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-60469
		FILM NUMBER:		1581672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5457 TWIN KNOLLS RD STE 310
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21045
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4107150208

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITRIX SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000877890
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				752275152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6400 NW 6TH WAY
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9542673000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CITRIX SYSTEMS INC
		STREET 2:		6400 NW 6TH WAY
		CITY:			FL LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33309

SC TO-T

0001.txt

SCHEDULE TO-T

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 UNITED STATES
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                  SCHEDULE TO
                            TENDER OFFER STATEMENT
   UNDER SECTION 14(D)(1) OR 13(E)(1) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                               (AMENDMENT NO.  )

                                ---------------

                         SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION
                      (Name of Subject Company (Issuer))

                                ---------------

                         SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.
                             CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.
                     (Names of Filing Persons (Offerors))

                        COMMON STOCK, $0.001 PAR VALUE
                        (Title of Class of Securities)

                     (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                                ---------------

                              John P. Cunningham
                               6400 N.W. 6th Way
                           Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309
                                (954) 267-3000

                                   Copy to:

                           Jonathan M. Moulton, Esq.
                        Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP
                                125 High Street
                               Boston, MA 02110
                                (617) 248-7000
           (Name, address, and telephone number of person authorized
      to receive notices and communications on behalf of filing persons)

                                ---------------

                           CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

       TRANSACTION VALUATION*                     AMOUNT OF FILING FEE**
            $184,600,000                                 $36,920
- -------
* For purposes of calculating amount of filing fee only. The amount assumes
  the purchase by Soundgarden Acquisition Corp. of 32,768,000 shares of Common
  Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), of Sequoia Software
  Corporation outstanding at March 19, 2001 at a purchase price in cash of
  $5.64 per share, taking into account the conversion of vested and
  exercisable outstanding options and warrants.

** The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of
   the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals 1/50 of 1% of the
   transaction valuation.

[_]Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-
   11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
   previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
   number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

Amount Previously Paid: N/A

Form or Registration No.: N/A

Filing Party: N/A

Date Filed: N/A

[_]Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
   made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

[X]third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

[_]issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

[_]going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

[_]amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the
results of the tender offer: [_]

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") relates to
the offer by Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger
Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Citrix"), to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Sequoia Software
Corporation, a Maryland corporation ("Sequoia"), at a purchase price of $5.64
per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated March 28,
2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal,
copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and
(a)(1)(B). This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of Merger Sub and Citrix.

ITEM 1. SUMMARY TERM SHEET

  The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase under "Questions and
Answers" is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 2. SUBJECT COMPANY INFORMATION

  (a) The issuer is Sequoia Software Corporation, a Maryland corporation, with
its principal executive offices located at 8890 McGaw Road, Columbia, MD
21045; telephone number (410) 715-0206.

  (b) The information set forth in the Introduction of the Offer to Purchase
is incorporated herein by reference.

  (c) The information set forth in Section 6 "Price Range of Shares; Dividends
on the Shares" of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 3. IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSON

  (a), (b) and (c)(1), (c)(2) and (c)(5) The information set forth in Section
9 "Certain Information Concerning Merger Sub and Citrix," and Annex I of the
Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

  (c)(3) To the best knowledge of Merger Sub or Citrix, no person listed in
Annex I of the Offer to Purchase has, during the past 5 years, been convicted
in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar
misdemeanors).

  (c)(4) To the best knowledge of Merger Sub or Citrix, no person listed in
Annex I of the Offer to Purchase has, during the past 5 years, been a party to
any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were
dismissed without sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree
or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting
activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any
violation of federal or state securities laws.

ITEM 4. TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION

  (a)(1)(i) through (v) The information set forth in the Introduction and
Section 1 "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date" of the Offer to Purchase is
incorporated herein by reference.

  (a)(1)(vi) and (vii) The information set forth in Section 3 "Procedures for
Tendering Shares" and Section 4 "Withdrawal Rights" of the Offer to Purchase
is incorporated herein by reference.

  (a)(1)(viii) The information set forth in Section 2 "Acceptance for Payment
and Payment of Shares" of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by
reference.

  (a)(1)(ix), (x), (xi) Not applicable.

  (a)(1)(xii) The information set forth in Section 5 "Certain United States
Federal Income Tax Consequences" of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 5. PAST CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND AGREEMENTS

  (a) and (b) The information set forth in Section 9 "Certain Information
Concerning Merger Sub and Citrix," Section 11 "Background of Offer" and
Section 13 "The Transaction Documents" of the Offer to Purchase is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 6. PURPOSES OF THE TRANSACTION AND PLANS OR PROPOSALS

  (a) and (c)(1) through (7) The information set forth in Section 12 "Purpose
of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for Sequoia," Section 13 "The Transaction
Documents," and Section 14 "Dividends and Distributions" of the Offer to
Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS OR OTHER CONSIDERATION

  (a), (b) and (d) The information set forth in Section 10 "Source and Amount
of Funds" of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE SUBJECT COMPANY

  The information set forth in Section 9 "Certain Information Concerning
Merger Sub and Citrix" and in Section 13 "The Transaction Documents" of the
Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. PERSONS/ASSETS, RETAINED, EMPLOYED, COMPENSATED OR USED

  The information set forth in Section 17 "Fees and Expenses" of the Offer to
Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

  Not applicable because (a) the consideration offered consists solely of
cash, (b) the offer is not subject to any financing condition and (c) the
offer is for all outstanding securities of the subject class. However, the
information set forth in Section 9 "Certain Information Concerning Merger Sub
and Citrix" of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

  (a)(1) Other than as elsewhere disclosed in this statement, none.

  (a)(2) through (5) The information set forth in Section 16 "Certain
Regulatory and Legal Matters" of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein
by reference.

  (b) None or not applicable.

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS

 (a)(1)(A) Offer to Purchase dated March 28, 2001.

 (a)(1)(B) Letter of Transmittal.

 (a)(1)(C) Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

           Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other
 (a)(1)(D) Nominees.

           Letter to Clients for Use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust
 (a)(1)(E) Companies and Other Nominees.

           Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
 (a)(1)(F) Substitute Form W-9.
 (a)(1)(G) Joint Press Release issued by Citrix and Sequoia (incorporated by
           reference herein to Schedule TO-C filed March 21, 2001 by Citrix).

 (a)(1)(H) Summary Advertisement published March 28, 2001.

 (b)       Not applicable.

 (d)(1)    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 20, 2001, by and
           among Citrix Systems, Inc., Soundgarden Acquisition Corp. and
           Sequoia Software Corporation (incorporated by reference herein to
           Exhibit 2 to Schedule 13D filed March 28, 2001 by Citrix and Merger
           Sub ("Schedule 13D")).

 (d)(2)    Transaction Option Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2001, by and
           between Citrix Systems, Inc. and Sequoia Software Corporation
           (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3 to Schedule 13D).

 (d)(3)    Stockholders Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and among Citrix
           Systems, Inc., Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., Sequoia Software
           Corporation and certain stockholders of Sequoia Software Corporation
           (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4 to Schedule 13D).

 (d)(4)    Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and between Citrix
           Systems, Inc. and Richard C. Faint, Jr. (incorporated by reference
           herein to Exhibit (e)(4) to Schedule 14D-9 filed March 28, 2001 by
           Sequoia ("Schedule 14D-9")).

 (d)(5)    Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and between Citrix
           Systems, Inc. and Mark A. Wesker (incorporated by reference herein
           to Exhibit (e)(5) to Schedule 14D-9).

 (d)(6)    Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and between Citrix
           Systems, Inc. and Paul Martin (incorporated by reference herein to
           Exhibit (e)(6) to Schedule 14D-9).

 (g)       Not applicable.

 (h)       Not applicable.

                                  SIGNATURES

  After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that
the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

                                          CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.

                                              /s/ John P. Cunningham
                                          By: ---------------------------------
                                            Name:  John P. Cunningham
                                            Title: Chief Financial Officer,
                                                   Treasurer, Senior Vice
                                                   President,
                                                   Finance and Administration
                                                   and
                                                   Assistant Secretary

                                          SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.

                                              /s/ John P. Cunningham
                                          By: ---------------------------------
                                            Name:  John P. Cunningham
                                            Title: President and CEO

Dated: March 28, 2001

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

  Exhibit
  Number
  -------

 (a)(1)(A) Offer to Purchase dated March 28, 2001.

 (a)(1)(B) Letter of Transmittal.

 (a)(1)(C) Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

 (a)(1)(D) Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and Other
           Nominees.

 (a)(1)(E) Letter to Clients for Use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust
           Companies and Other Nominees.

 (a)(1)(F) Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
           Substitute Form W-9.

 (a)(1)(G) Joint Press Release issued by Citrix and Sequoia (incorporated by
           reference herein to Schedule TO-C filed March 21, 2001 by Citrix).

 (a)(1)(H) Summary Advertisement published March 28, 2001.

 (b)       Not applicable.

 (d)(1)    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 20, 2001, by and
           among Citrix Systems, Inc., Soundgarden Acquisition Corp. and
           Sequoia Software Corporation (incorporated by reference herein to
           Exhibit 2 to Schedule 13D filed March 28, 2001 by Citrix and Merger
           Sub ("Schedule 13D")).

 (d)(2)    Transaction Option Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2001, by and
           between Citrix Systems, Inc. and Sequoia Software Corporation
           (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3 to Schedule 13D).

 (d)(3)    Stockholders Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and among Citrix
           Systems, Inc., Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., Sequoia Software
           Corporation and certain stockholders of Sequoia Software Corporation
           (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4 to Schedule 13D).

 (d)(4)    Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and between Citrix
           Systems, Inc. and Richard C. Faint, Jr. (incorporated by reference
           herein to Exhibit (e)(4) to Schedule 14D-9 filed March 28, 2001 by
           Sequoia ("Schedule 14D-9")).

 (d)(5)    Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and between Citrix
           Systems, Inc. and  Mark A. Wesker (incorporated by reference herein
           to Exhibit (e)(5) to Schedule 14D-9).

 (d)(6)    Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2001, by and between Citrix
           Systems, Inc. and Paul Martin (incorporated by reference herein to
           Exhibit (e)(6) to Schedule 14D-9).

 (g)       Not applicable.

 (h)       Not applicable.

EX-99.1

0002.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(A) - OFFER TO PURCHASE

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(A)

                          Offer to Purchase for Cash
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                      of
                         SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION
                                      at
                              $5.64 Net Per Share
                                      by
                         SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                             CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.

        THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
      NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2001, UNLESS EXTENDED.

  THE OFFER (AS HEREINAFTER DEFINED) IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS,
(I) THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER THAT NUMBER OF SHARES (THE "SHARES") OF COMMON STOCK,
$0.001 PAR VALUE PER SHARE, OF SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION ("SEQUOIA"), THAT
WOULD REPRESENT A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES ENTITLED TO VOTE THAT ARE OUTSTANDING
AFTER GIVING EFFECT TO THE EXERCISE OR CONVERSION OF ALL OPTIONS, WARRANTS AND
SECURITIES EXERCISABLE OR CONVERTIBLE INTO OR EXCHANGEABLE FOR SHARES ON OR
PRIOR TO JUNE 30, 2001, AND (II) THE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-
RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, HAVING EXPIRED OR BEEN
TERMINATED PRIOR TO THE TERMINATION OF THE OFFER. STOCKHOLDERS WHO HOLD
OUTSTANDING SHARES REPRESENTING MORE THAN A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING
AFTER GIVING EFFECT TO THE EXERCISE OR CONVERSION OF SECURITIES AS SET FORTH
IN (I) ABOVE HAVE AGREED TO TENDER AND NOT WITHDRAW THEIR SHARES IN THE OFFER,
AND IT IS THEREFORE LIKELY THAT THE CONDITION SET FORTH IN (I) ABOVE WILL BE
SATISFIED. THE OFFER IS ALSO SUBJECT TO CERTAIN OTHER CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN
THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE. SEE "INTRODUCTION" AND SECTIONS 1 AND 15 HEREOF.

  THE OFFER IS BEING MADE IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
DATED AS OF MARCH 20, 2001 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT") BY AND AMONG CITRIX
SYSTEMS, INC., SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP. AND SEQUOIA, THE STOCKHOLDERS
AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 20, 2001 (THE "STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT") BY AND AMONG
CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC., SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP., SEQUOIA AND CERTAIN
STOCKHOLDERS OF SEQUOIA, AND THE TRANSACTION OPTION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF
MARCH 20, 2001 (THE "TRANSACTION OPTION AGREEMENT") BY AND BETWEEN CITRIX
SYSTEMS, INC. AND SEQUOIA.

                                ---------------

  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SEQUOIA HAS (A) DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTION OPTION AGREEMENT, THE STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT, THE
OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF,
THE STOCKHOLDERS OF SEQUOIA, (B) APPROVED THE EXECUTION, DELIVERY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTION OPTION AGREEMENT, AND THE
STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT AND THE COMPLETION OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER AND (C) RECOMMENDED THAT THE
HOLDERS OF SHARES ACCEPT THE OFFER, APPROVE AND ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
APPROVE THE MERGER (IF REQUIRED).

                                ---------------

                                   IMPORTANT

  Any stockholder of Sequoia desiring to tender all or any portion of such
stockholder's Shares should either (i) complete and sign the accompanying
Letter of Transmittal or a facsimile thereof in accordance with the
instructions in the Letter of Transmittal and mail or deliver the Letter of
Transmittal with the certificates representing the tendered Shares, and all
other required documents, to HSBC Bank USA, the depositary for the Offer, or
follow the procedure for book-entry transfers set forth in Section 3,
"Procedures for Tendering Shares," or (ii) request such stockholder's broker,
dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the
transaction for such stockholder. Stockholders having Shares registered in the
name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must
contact such person if they desire to tender their Shares.

  Any stockholder of Sequoia who desires to tender Shares and whose
certificates representing such Shares are not immediately available or who
cannot comply with the procedure for book-entry transfers on a timely basis or
who cannot deliver all required documents to the depositary, in each case
prior to the expiration of the Offer, must tender such Shares pursuant to the
guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3, "Procedures for
Tendering Shares."

  Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to Innisfree M&A
Incorporated, the Information Agent for the Offer, by calling (888) 750-5834
(toll free) or writing to the Information Agent at 501 Madison Avenue, New
York, NY 10022. Additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal, the related Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and other related
materials may be obtained from the Information Agent or from brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies.

                                ---------------

                                March 28, 2001

                               

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE OFFER......................................   i

 INTRODUCTION..............................................................   1

 THE OFFER.................................................................   3

  1.  Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date..................................   3

  2.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares........................   5

  3.  Procedures for Tendering Shares......................................   6

  4.  Withdrawal Rights....................................................   8

  5.  Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences................   9

  6.  Price Range of Shares; Dividends on the Shares.......................  10

  7.  Effect of Offer on Market for Shares; NASDAQ National Market Listing;
      Commission Registration; Margin Regulations..........................  11

  8.  Certain Information Concerning Sequoia...............................  12

  9.  Certain Information Concerning Merger Sub and Citrix.................  14

  10. Source and Amount of Funds...........................................  15

  11. Background of Offer..................................................  15

  12. Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for Sequoia..................  17

  13. The Transaction Documents............................................  19

  14. Dividends and Distributions..........................................  30

  15. Certain Conditions to Merger Sub's Obligations.......................  31

  16. Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters.................................  32

  17. Fees and Expenses....................................................  34

  18. Miscellaneous........................................................  34

ANNEX I--DIRECTORS & EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITRIX AND MERGER SUB...........   I

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE OFFER

  Soundgarden Acquisition Corp. is offering to purchase all of the outstanding
common stock of Sequoia Software Corporation, for $5.64 per share, net to you
in cash, without interest. The following are some of the questions you, as a
stockholder of Sequoia Software Corporation, may have about the offer. We urge
you to read carefully the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter
of Transmittal because the information in this "Questions and Answers" section
is not complete. Additional important information is contained in the
remainder of this Offer to Purchase and in the Letter of Transmittal.

WHO IS OFFERING TO BUY MY SECURITIES?

  Our name is Soundgarden Acquisition Corp. We are a Delaware corporation
formed for the purpose of making an offer to purchase all of the outstanding
shares of common stock of Sequoia Software Corporation. To date, we have
carried on no activities other than in connection with the offer. We are a
wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Citrix Systems, Inc. is a global leader in application server software and
services. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 9,
"Certain Information Concerning Merger Sub and Citrix."

WHAT ARE THE CLASSES AND AMOUNTS OF SECURITIES SOUGHT IN THE OFFER?

  We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of
Sequoia Software Corporation. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase
and Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date."

HOW MUCH ARE YOU OFFERING TO PAY? WHAT IS THE FORM OF PAYMENT? WILL I HAVE TO
PAY ANY FEES OR COMMISSIONS?

  We are offering to pay $5.64 per share, net to you in cash, without
interest. If you are the record owner of your shares and you tender your
shares to us in the offer, you will not have to pay brokerage fees or similar
expenses. If you own your shares through a broker or other nominee, and your
broker or other nominee tenders your shares on your behalf, your broker or
nominee may charge you a fee and we will not be responsible for paying that
fee. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any
charges will apply. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase. Under
the terms of our offer, if the tender of shares to us results in a withholding
tax obligation, we are entitled to satisfy that obligation, and to treat any
withholding taxes paid to a tax authority as having been delivered to you.

DO YOU HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO MAKE PAYMENT?

  Yes. Citrix Systems, Inc., our parent company, will provide us with
sufficient funds to purchase all shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in
the offer and will provide us with sufficient funds for the merger, which is
expected to follow the successful completion of the offer in accordance with
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. We anticipate that these
funds will be obtained from working capital. See Section 10, "Source and
Amount of Funds."

IS YOUR FINANCIAL CONDITION RELEVANT TO MY DECISION TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

  No. We do not believe our financial condition is relevant to your decision.
We base this conclusion on several factors. We are paying you cash for your
shares. The offer is not subject to any financing condition. The offer is for
any and all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Sequoia Software
Corporation. See Section 10, "Source and Amount of Funds."

HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER INTO THE OFFER?

  Unless the offer is extended, you will have until the expiration of the
offer at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Wednesday, April 25, 2001, to
tender your shares into the offer. We will purchase all properly

                                       i

tendered shares on the expiration date if the conditions to the offer are then
met. Further, if you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to
make a valid tender by that time, you may be able to use the guaranteed
delivery procedure, which is described later in this Offer to Purchase. See
Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date," and Section 3, "Procedures
for Tendering Shares."

CAN THE OFFER BE EXTENDED AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES?

  Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, we can extend the offer. We
have agreed in the merger agreement that:

  . with the prior written consent of Sequoia, we may extend the offer beyond
    the scheduled expiration date for mutually agreed upon extension periods
    if at the time of the scheduled expiration or any extension any of the
    conditions to our obligation to accept for payment and to pay for the
    shares are not satisfied or, to the extent permitted by the merger
    agreement, waived.

  . in our sole discretion, we may extend the offer for any period required
    by applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
    Commission.

  . in our sole discretion, we may extend the offer for periods of not more
    than three business days (not to exceed six business days in the
    aggregate) beyond the scheduled expiration or extension date if at the
    time the number of shares validly tendered and not withdrawn, together
    with our shares and the shares owned by Citrix, represents more than 60%
    but less than 71% of the shares of common stock of Sequoia outstanding on
    a fully-diluted basis (in connection with the offer "fully-diluted" means
    after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of all options,
    warrants and securities exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable
    for shares of common stock of Sequoia on or before June 30, 2001).

  . if all conditions to the offer have been satisfied or waived, we will
    accept for payment and pay for all shares validly tendered and not
    withdrawn at that time, and we may provide a "subsequent offering period"
    during which stockholders whose shares have not been accepted for payment
    may tender, but not withdraw, their shares and receive the offer price of
    $5.64 per share. We are not permitted under the federal securities laws
    to provide a subsequent offering period of less than three or more than
    20 business days.

  Our rights and obligations to extend the offer are subject to the rights of
Citrix and Sequoia to terminate the merger agreement if the offer is not
completed by June 30, 2001. For more details on our ability to extend the
offer, see Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date."

HOW WILL I BE NOTIFIED IF THE OFFER IS EXTENDED?

  If the offer is extended past 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
Wednesday, April 25, 2001, we will make a public announcement of the new
expiration date not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next
business day after the day on which the offer was scheduled to expire and will
inform HSBC Bank USA, the depositary for the offer, of that fact. See Section
1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date."

WHAT ARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER?

  We are not obligated to purchase any shares that are validly tendered:

  . unless the number of shares validly tendered and not withdrawn before the
    expiration date of the offer represents a majority of the then
    outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis. We call this condition the
    "Minimum Tender Condition." Stockholders who hold outstanding shares
    representing more than a majority of the shares of common stock of
    Sequoia outstanding on a fully-diluted basis have agreed to tender and
    not withdraw their shares in the offer, and it is therefore likely that
    the Minimum Tender Condition will be satisfied.

  . if the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
    Improvements Act of 1976 has not expired or been terminated.

                                      ii

  The offer is also subject to a number of other conditions. See Section 1,
"Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date," and Section 15, "Certain Conditions to
Merger Sub's Obligations."

HOW DO I TENDER MY SHARES?

  To tender your shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your
shares, together with a completed letter of transmittal and any other
documents required by the letter of transmittal, to HSBC Bank USA, the
depositary for the offer, not later than the time the offer expires. If your
shares are held in street name, the shares can be tendered by your nominee
through HSBC Bank USA. If you are unable to deliver any required document or
instrument to the depositary by the expiration of the offer, you may gain some
extra time by having a broker, a bank or other fiduciary that is an eligible
institution guarantee that the missing items will be received by the
depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days. For the tender to
be valid, however, the depositary must receive the missing items within that
three trading day period. See Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares."

UNTIL WHAT TIME MAY I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?

  You may withdraw tendered shares at any time before the offer expires at
12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Wednesday, April 25, 2001. If the
stated expiration date of the offer is extended, you may withdraw tendered
Shares at any time before the new date and time of expiration. This right to
withdraw will not apply to the subsequent offering period, if one is included.
See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date," and Section 4,
"Withdrawal Rights."

HOW DO I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?

  To withdraw previously tendered shares, you must deliver a notice of
withdrawal with the required information to the depositary while you still
have the right to withdraw the shares. See Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights."

WHAT DOES SEQUOIA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS THINK OF THE OFFER?

  We are making the offer pursuant to the merger agreement agreed to among
Citrix, us and Sequoia. Sequoia's board of directors has determined that each
of the merger agreement, the transaction option agreement, the stockholders
agreement, the offer and the merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best
interests of, the stockholders of Sequoia. Sequoia's board of directors has
approved the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement, the
transaction option agreement and the stockholders agreement and the completion
of the transactions contemplated by those documents, including the offer and
the merger, and has recommended that you accept the offer. See the
"Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

HAVE ANY STOCKHOLDERS AGREED TO TENDER THEIR SHARES?

  Yes. Stockholders who hold outstanding shares of Sequoia common stock
representing over a majority of the shares of Sequoia common stock outstanding
on a fully-diluted basis, which is an amount in excess of the Minimum Tender
Condition, have agreed to tender and not withdraw their shares in the offer.
See the "Introduction" to this offer to Purchase.

WILL SEQUOIA CONTINUE AS A PUBLIC COMPANY?

  No. If the merger takes place, Sequoia will no longer be publicly owned.
Even if the merger does not occur, if we purchase all of the tendered shares,
there may be so few remaining stockholders and publicly held shares that the
shares may no longer be eligible to be traded on the Nasdaq National Market or
any other securities exchange, there may not be a public trading market for
the shares, and Sequoia may cease making filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply with the
Commission rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section 7, "Effect
of Offer on Market for Shares; Nasdaq National Market Listing; Commission
Registration; Margin Regulations."

                                      iii

WILL THE OFFER BE FOLLOWED BY A MERGER IF ALL SHARES OF SEQUOIA SOFTWARE
CORPORATION ARE NOT TENDERED IN THE OFFER?

  If we accept for payment and pay for a majority of the shares of Sequoia on
a fully-diluted basis, we will be merged with and into Sequoia. If that merger
takes place, Citrix will own all of the shares of Sequoia, and all other
persons who were stockholders of Sequoia immediately prior to the merger will
receive $5.64 per share in cash, or any higher price per share that is paid in
the offer. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

IF I DECIDE NOT TO TENDER, HOW WILL THE OFFER AFFECT MY SHARES?

  If the merger described above takes place, stockholders not tendering in the
offer will receive the same amount of cash per share that they would have
received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the merger
takes place, the only difference to you between tendering your shares and not
tendering your shares is that you will be paid earlier if you tender your
shares. If the merger does not take place, the number of stockholders and the
number of shares of Sequoia that are still in the hands of the public may be
so small that there may no longer be an active public trading market (or,
possibly, there may not be any public trading market) for the Sequoia common
stock. Also, as described above, Sequoia may cease making filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise cease being required to comply
with the Commission rules relating to publicly held companies. See the
"Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 7, "Effect of Offer on
Market for Shares; Nasdaq National Market Listing; Commission Registration;
Margin Regulations."

  There are no appraisal rights in connection with the Offer or Merger. See
Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for Sequoia."

WHAT IS THE MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES AS OF A RECENT DATE?

  On March 20, 2001, the last trading day before we announced the signing of
the merger agreement, the last sale price of Sequoia common stock reported on
the Nasdaq National Market was $5.00 per share. We encourage you to obtain
recent quotations for shares of Sequoia common stock in deciding whether to
tender your shares. See Section 6, "Price Range of Shares; Dividends on the
Shares."

WHAT ARE THE PRINCIPAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF
TENDERING SHARES?

  The receipt of cash for shares pursuant to the offer or the merger will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and possibly
for state, local and foreign income tax purposes as well. In general, a
stockholder who sells shares pursuant to the offer or receives cash in
exchange for shares pursuant to the merger will recognize gain or loss for
United States federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any,
between the amount of cash received and the stockholder's adjusted tax basis
in the shares sold pursuant to the offer or exchanged for cash pursuant to the
merger. See Section 5, "Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences"
for more detailed information.

TO WHOM MAY I SPEAK IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE OFFER?

  You may call Innisfree M&A Incorporated at (888) 750-5834 (toll free).
Innisfree M&A Incorporated is acting as the information agent for the offer.

                                      iv

To the Holders of Common Stock of
SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION:

                                 INTRODUCTION

  Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Citrix"), hereby offers to purchase all of the outstanding shares (the
"Shares") of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), of
Sequoia Software Corporation, a Maryland corporation ("Sequoia"), at a
purchase price of $5.64 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest
(the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (this Offer to
Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal, and any amendments or supplements
hereto or thereto collectively constitute the "Offer").

  Merger Sub is a corporation newly formed by Citrix in connection with the
Offer and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as
hereinafter defined). For information concerning Merger Sub and Citrix, see
Section 9, "Certain Information Concerning Merger Sub and Citrix."

  Tendering stockholders who are record owners of their Shares and who tender
directly to the Depositary (as hereinafter defined) will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees or commissions with respect to the purchase of Shares by
Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer. Tendering stockholders will be obligated to
pay stock transfer taxes with respect to the purchase of shares by Merger Sub
pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares through a broker or
other nominee should consult such institution as to whether it charges any
service fees because neither Citrix nor Merger Sub will be responsible for
those fees. Merger Sub will pay all fees and expenses of HSBC Bank USA (the
"Depositary") and Innisfree M&A Incorporated (the "Information Agent") for
their respective services in connection with the Offer and the Merger. See
Section 17, "Fees and Expenses."

  Sequoia's board of directors has (a) determined that each of the Merger
Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement, the
Offer and the Merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of,
the stockholders of Sequoia, (b) approved the execution, delivery and
performance of the Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement (as
hereinafter defined) and the Stockholders Agreement (as hereinafter defined)
and the completion of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Offer and the Merger, and (c) recommended that the holders of Shares accept
the Offer, approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger (if
required).

  The board of directors of Sequoia has received the written opinion of Lehman
Brothers ("Lehman Brothers"), Sequoia's financial advisor, dated March 20,
2001, that, as of that date, and based on and subject to the various
assumptions, limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the $5.64 per
Share to be received by the holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer and the
Merger was fair from a financial point of view to such holders. A copy of that
opinion is set forth in full as an exhibit to Sequoia's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 ("Schedule 14D-9"),
which is being mailed to Sequoia's stockholders, and stockholders are urged to
read the opinion in its entirety.

  The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer
that number of Shares (the "Minimum Number of Shares") that would represent a
majority of the Shares that are then outstanding on a "fully-diluted" basis
(in connection with the Offer, "fully-diluted" means after giving effect to
the exercise or conversion of all options, warrants and securities exercisable
or convertible into or exchangeable for Shares on or before June 30, 2001)
(the "Minimum Tender Condition") and (ii) the waiting period under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the
regulations thereunder (the "Hart-Scott-Rodino Act") having expired or been
terminated prior to the expiration of the Offer. The Offer is also subject to
the satisfaction of certain other conditions. See Section 15, "Certain
Conditions to Merger Sub's Obligations."

  Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of March 20, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"). The Merger Agreement
provides for the commencement by Merger Sub of the Offer.

Provided sufficient Shares are acquired by Merger Sub, and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will be
merged with and into Sequoia (the "Merger"), with Sequoia continuing as the
surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Citrix. In the event Merger Sub acquires at least 90% of the
Shares, Merger Sub will complete a short-form merger pursuant to Section 3-106
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Maryland (the "MGCL") and
Section 253 of the General Corporation Laws of the State of Delaware (the
"DGCL") in order to effect the Merger. If Merger Sub is unable to acquire at
least 90% of the Shares, but does acquire at least the Minimum Number of
Shares and the Merger Agreement has not been terminated in accordance with its
terms, Sequoia will hold a stockholders meeting in accordance with the MGCL in
order to effect the Merger. At any such stockholders meeting, all of the
Shares then owned by Citrix and Merger Sub and any of their subsidiaries or
affiliates will be voted to approve the Merger. At the time when the Merger
becomes effective (the "Effective Time"), each remaining outstanding Share
(other than Shares owned by Citrix, Merger Sub or Sequoia immediately prior to
the Effective Time) will be converted automatically into the right to receive
the Offer Price. See Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The Merger; Plans for
Sequoia." Pursuant to the Transaction Option Agreement, Sequoia has granted
Citrix an irrevocable option to purchase up to a number of Shares equal to
19.9% of the Shares outstanding (before Citrix's exercise of the option)
exercisable if, after giving effect to Citrix's exercise of the option and as
a result of such exercise, Citrix and Merger Sub will collectively own at
least 90.1% of the Shares on a fully-diluted basis.

  Based on information provided by Sequoia to Citrix, as of March 19, 2001,
there were 32,816,557 Shares outstanding on a fully-diluted basis. Based on
the foregoing, Merger Sub believes that on a fully-diluted basis approximately
16,408,279 Shares must be validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the
expiration of the Offer in order for the Minimum Tender Condition to be
satisfied. See Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date." Stockholders
who hold 17,187,553 outstanding Shares, an amount in excess of the Minimum
Tender Condition, have agreed to tender and not withdraw their Shares in the
Offer. The number of Shares required to be validly tendered and not withdrawn
in order to satisfy the Minimum Tender Condition will decrease to the extent
Citrix or Merger Sub acquires Shares outside the Offer and will increase to
the extent additional Shares were or are issued by Sequoia after March 19,
2001. Sequoia's ability to issue, sell or authorize any new Shares or rights,
warrants or options to acquire any new Shares, is limited by the terms of the
Merger Agreement.

  Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Citrix
and Merger Sub entered into a Stockholders Agreement dated March 20, 2001 (the
"Stockholders Agreement") with Sequoia and Baker Communications Fund, L.P.,
Anthem Capital, L.P., Flanders Language Valley Fund, C.V.A., Anil Sethi, Marc
E. Rubin, Richard C. Faint, Jr., Kenneth E. Tighe, Mark A. Wesker, Gregory G.
Heard and Jack F. Schuster and certain of their affiliates and related trusts
(together, the "Stockholders"). As of March 19, 2001, the Stockholders held an
aggregate of 17,187,553 Shares and, based on information provided to Citrix
from Sequoia, also held options, warrants or other securities convertible into
or exercisable on or before June 30, 2001 for an aggregate of 583,200 Shares.
Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the Stockholders have, among other
things, agreed to validly tender and not withdraw their Shares and to vote the
Shares held by them in favor of the Merger, the execution and delivery of the
Merger Agreement and the actions contemplated thereby at any meeting of the
holders of Common Stock and have granted a proxy to Citrix with respect to
their Shares, which permits Citrix to vote the Shares at any meeting for the
Merger and as further set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. For purposes of
this Offer to Purchase, any reference to beneficial ownership of Citrix or
Merger Sub of Shares or similar references shall exclude Shares subject to the
Stockholders Agreement.

  In addition, also concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger
Agreement, Citrix and Sequoia entered into a Transaction Option Agreement
dated as of March 20, 2001 (the "Transaction Option Agreement") pursuant to
which Sequoia granted Citrix an irrevocable option, exercisable after Citrix
or Merger Sub has purchased Shares pursuant to the Offer, to purchase up to
19.9% of the total Shares (before Citrix's exercise of the option) outstanding
if, after giving effect to the exercise of the option and as a result of such
exercise, the number of Shares then owned by Citrix and Merger Sub represents
at least 90.1% of the Shares outstanding on a fully-diluted basis. The
Transaction Option Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of the Effective
Time or termination of the Merger Agreement for any reason.

                                   THE OFFER

  This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal contain
important information which should be read carefully before any decision is
made with respect to the Offer.

1. TERMS OF THE OFFER; EXPIRATION DATE.

  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer
(including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of
any extension or amendment), Merger Sub will accept for payment and pay for
all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not theretofore
properly withdrawn in accordance with Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights." The term
"Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Wednesday,
April 25, 2001, unless Merger Sub shall have extended the period of time for
which the Offer is open in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement,
in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date
at which the Offer, as so extended by Merger Sub (other than any extension
with respect to a Subsequent Offering Period, described below), shall expire.

  EXTENSION OF OFFER. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if at the then
scheduled Expiration Date any of the conditions to the Offer described in
Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Merger Sub's Obligations" (collectively,
the "Offer Conditions"), has not been satisfied, Merger Sub, with the prior
written consent of Sequoia which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
may cause the Offer to be extended for mutually agreed upon extension periods
until such condition or conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived.
Merger Sub may, without the consent of Sequoia, extend the Offer (i) for any
period required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, and
(ii) for successive extension periods of not more than three (3) business days
for an aggregate of not more than six (6) business days if at the scheduled
expiration date or any extension thereof the number of Shares validly tendered
and not withdrawn is a number of Shares which, together with Shares then owned
by Citrix or Merger Sub, represents more than 60% but less than 71% of the
Shares outstanding on a fully-diluted basis. Merger Sub's rights and
obligations to extend the Offer as described in this paragraph are subject to
Citrix's and Sequoia's rights to terminate the Merger Agreement. Subject to
the foregoing restrictions, Merger Sub reserves the right (but will not be
obligated), in its reasonable discretion, to extend the period during which
the Offer is open by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the
Depositary and by making a public announcement of such extension. There can be
no assurance that Merger Sub will exercise its right to extend the Offer.

  SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD. Rule 14d-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), permits Merger Sub, subject to certain
conditions, to provide a subsequent offering period following the expiration
of the Offer on the Expiration Date (a "Subsequent Offering Period"). A
Subsequent Offering Period is an additional period of time from three (3)
business days to 20 business days in length, beginning after Merger Sub
purchases Shares tendered in the Offer, during which stockholders may tender,
but not withdraw, their Shares and receive the Offer Price. Under the terms of
the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub may provide for a Subsequent Offering Period
without the consent of Sequoia. During a Subsequent Offering Period, Merger
Sub will promptly purchase and pay for all Shares tendered at the same price
paid in the Offer.

  MODIFICATION OF OFFER; WAIVER OF OFFER CONDITIONS. In the Merger Agreement,
Citrix and Merger Sub have expressly reserved the right to amend or modify the
terms of the Offer, except that neither Citrix nor Merger Sub may, without the
prior written consent of Sequoia, (i) decrease the Offer Price or change the
form of consideration therefor or decrease the number of Shares sought
pursuant to the Offer, (ii) change, in any material respect, the conditions to
the Offer, (iii) impose additional conditions to the Offer, (iv) waive the
Minimum Tender Condition, or (v) amend any term of the Offer in any manner
materially adverse to holders of Shares.

  DELAY OR TERMINATION OF OFFER. The Merger Agreement provides that, subject
to the terms of the Offer and the Merger Agreement and the satisfaction or
waiver of the Offer Conditions as of any then

scheduled Expiration Date, Merger Sub shall accept for payment all Shares
validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as
practicable after the expiration of the Offer. Other than as required by the
Merger Agreement, and subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission"), including Rule 14e-1(c)
under the Exchange Act, Merger Sub expressly reserves the right, in its
reasonable discretion, to delay acceptance for payment of any Shares (or delay
payment for any Shares, regardless of whether such Shares were theretofore
accepted for payment pending the receipt of required governmental consents),
or, subject to the limitations set forth in the Merger Agreement, to terminate
the Offer and not to accept for payment or pay for any Shares not theretofore
accepted for payment or paid for, upon the failure of any of the Offer
Conditions, by giving oral followed by written notice of such delay or
termination to the Depositary.

  SATISFACTION OF OFFER CONDITIONS. The Offer is conditioned upon satisfaction
of the Minimum Tender Condition. The Offer is also subject to other terms and
conditions. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Merger Sub's Obligations."
As described in the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase, Merger Sub
believes the Minimum Number of Shares is approximately 16,408,279.
Stockholders who hold 17,187,553 outstanding Shares, an amount in excess of
the Minimum Number of Shares, have agreed to tender and not withdraw their
Shares in the Offer, and it is therefore likely that the Minimum Tender
Condition will be met. If the Minimum Tender Condition or any other Offer
Condition has not been satisfied by 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
Friday, April 25, 2001 (or any other time then set as the Expiration Date),
Merger Sub may elect (i) subject to the qualifications described above with
respect to the extension of the Offer, to extend the Offer and, subject to
applicable withdrawal rights, retain all tendered Shares until the expiration
of the Offer, as extended, subject to the terms of the Offer, (ii) subject to
complying with applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the
terms of the Merger Agreement (including, if necessary, obtaining the prior
written consent of Sequoia), to waive all unsatisfied Offer Conditions (except
the Minimum Tender Condition) and accept for payment all Shares so tendered
and not extend the Offer, (iii) subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
to amend the Offer, or (iv) subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to
terminate the Offer and not accept for payment any Shares and return all
tendered Shares to tendering stockholders if certain events or conditions
described in the Merger Agreement have occurred.

  PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS. Any extension of the period during which the Offer is
open, or delay in acceptance for payment or payment, or termination or
amendment of the Offer, or waiver of an Offer Condition, will be followed, as
promptly as practicable, by a public announcement thereof, such announcement
in the case of an extension to be issued not later than 9:00 a.m., New York
City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration
Date in accordance with the public announcement requirements of Rule 14d-4(c)
under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the obligation of Merger Sub under
such rule or the manner in which Merger Sub may choose to make any public
announcement, Merger Sub currently intends to make announcements by issuing a
press release to the Dow Jones News Service and making any appropriate filings
with the Commission.

  MATERIAL CHANGES. If Merger Sub makes a material change in the terms of the
Offer or the information concerning the Offer or if it waives a material
condition of the Offer, Merger Sub will disseminate additional tender offer
materials and extend the Offer if and to the extent required by Rules 14d-
4(c), 14d-6(d) and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act or otherwise. The minimum
period during which an offer must remain open following material changes in
the terms of the Offer or information concerning the Offer, other than a
change in price, in the percentage of securities sought or in a dealer's
soliciting fee, will depend upon the facts and circumstances, including the
relative materiality of the terms or information changes. With respect to a
change in price, in the percentage of securities sought or in a dealer's
soliciting fee, a minimum ten (10) business day period is generally required
to allow for adequate dissemination to stockholders and investor response.

  DISSEMINATIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS. Sequoia has provided Merger Sub with
Sequoia's list of stockholders and security position listings for the purpose
of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. This Offer to Purchase, the
Letter of Transmittal and other relevant materials will be mailed to record
owners of the Shares and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial
banks, trust companies and similar persons whose

names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the list of stockholders or,
if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security
position listing for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.

  BUSINESS DAY. For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any day
other than a Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday, and consists of the time
period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, New York City time.

2. ACCEPTANCE FOR PAYMENT AND PAYMENT FOR SHARES.

  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the
Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), Merger Sub will purchase, by accepting for payment, and will
pay for, all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date (and not
properly withdrawn) promptly after expiration of the Offer. As discussed
below, subject to compliance with Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act, Merger
Sub expressly reserves the right to delay payment for Shares in order to
comply in whole or in part with any applicable law. See Section 16, "Certain
Regulatory and Legal Matters."

  For purposes of the Offer, Merger Sub will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not properly
withdrawn as, if and when Merger Sub gives oral followed by written notice to
the Depositary of Merger Sub's acceptance of such Shares for payment. Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for Shares purchased
pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase price with the
Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders for the purpose
of receiving payment from Merger Sub and transmitting such payment to
tendering stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment. Upon the
deposit of funds with the Depositary for the purpose of making payments to
tendering stockholders, Merger Sub's obligation to make such payment will be
satisfied, and tendering stockholders must thereafter look solely to the
Depositary for payments of amounts owed to them by reason of the acceptance
for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer. In all cases, payment for Shares
accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates evidencing such Shares or timely
confirmation (a "Book-Entry Confirmation") of a book-entry transfer of such
Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company (the
"Book-Entry Transfer Facility"), pursuant to the procedures set forth in
Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," (ii) a properly completed and
duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof)
with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry
transfer, an Agent's Message (as hereinafter defined), and (iii) any other
documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.

  The term "Agent's Message" means a message transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant has received and
agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Merger
Sub may enforce such agreement against the participant.

  If, for any reason whatsoever (including the extension of the Offer),
acceptance for payment of, or payment for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer is delayed, or Merger Sub is unable to accept for payment, or pay for,
Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, then, without prejudice to Merger Sub's
rights under the Offer, the Depositary may, nevertheless, on behalf of Merger
Sub, retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be withdrawn, except to
the extent that the tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal rights
as described in Section 4, "Withdrawal Rights." However, the ability of Merger
Sub to delay the payment for Shares that Merger Sub has accepted for payment
is limited by (i) Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that a
bidder pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or
on behalf of stockholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such
bidder's offer (without affecting Merger Sub's right to pay for Shares
tendered during any Subsequent Offering Period in accordance with Rule 14d-11
under the Exchange Act), and (ii) the terms of the Merger Agreement, which
requires that, subject to the terms thereof and of the Offer and the
satisfaction or earlier waiver of all the Offer Conditions as of any then
scheduled Expiration Date, Merger Sub

shall accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered and not
withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as practicable after expiration of the
Offer. Subject to compliance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act, Merger
Sub expressly reserves the right to delay payment for Shares in order to
comply in whole or in part with any applicable law. See Section 15, "Certain
Conditions to Merger Sub's Obligations." Under no circumstances will interest
be paid on the Offer Price to be paid by Merger Sub, regardless of any
extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment.

  If any tendered Shares are not accepted for payment pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Offer because of an invalid tender or for any other
reason, or if certificates are submitted evidencing more Shares than are
tendered, certificates for such unpurchased or untendered Shares will be
returned, without expense to the tendering stockholder (or, in the case of
Shares delivered by book-entry transfer to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
pursuant to the provisions of Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares,"
such Shares will be credited to an account maintained within the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable after the expiration,
termination or withdrawal of the Offer.

  If, prior to the Expiration Date, Merger Sub increases the consideration
offered to stockholders pursuant to the Offer, such increased consideration
will be paid to all stockholders whose Shares are purchased pursuant to the
Offer.

  Merger Sub reserves the right to transfer or assign from time to time, in
whole or in part, to one or more direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries
of Citrix, the right to purchase all or any portion of the Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not prejudice
the rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly
tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer.

3. PROCEDURES FOR TENDERING SHARES.

  VALID TENDERS. For Shares to be validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually
signed facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees (or an
Agent's Message in the case of a book-entry delivery) and any other required
documents must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth
on the Letter of Transmittal prior to the Expiration Date. In addition, either
(i) certificates representing such Shares must be received by the Depositary
along with the Letter of Transmittal or such Shares must be tendered pursuant
to the procedure for book-entry transfers set forth below (and a Book-Entry
Confirmation received by the Depositary), in each case prior to the Expiration
Date, or (ii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed
delivery procedure set forth below. No alternative, conditional or contingent
tenders will be accepted.

  The method of delivery of certificates representing Shares, the Letter of
Transmittal and all other required documents, including delivery through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at the election and sole risk of the
tendering stockholder, and Shares will be deemed delivered only when actually
received by the Depositary. If delivery is by mail, registered mail with
return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases,
sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

  BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER. The Depositary will make a request to establish an
account with respect to the Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for
purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of this Offer to
Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility's system may make a book-entry delivery of Shares by causing
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility in accordance with the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility's procedures for transfer. However, although delivery of
Shares may be effected through book-entry at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility,
either (i) the Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof),
properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees
(or an Agent's Message in the case of a book-entry delivery) and any other
required documents must, in any case, be transmitted to and received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on Letter of Transmittal prior to
the Expiration Date

or (ii) the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery
procedure described below. Delivery of documents to the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

  SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of
Transmittal if the Shares tendered thereby are tendered (i) by the registered
holder of Shares (which term, for such purposes, includes any participant in
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's system whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of the Shares) who has not completed the box
entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter of Transmittal or (ii)
for the account of a member firm of a registered national securities exchange
registered under Section 6 of the Exchange Act, by a member firm of the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., by a commercial bank or
trust company having an office or correspondent in the United States or by any
other "Eligible Guarantor Institution," as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the
Exchange Act (collectively, "Eligible Institutions"). In all other cases, all
signatures on the Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution. If the certificates evidencing Shares are registered in the name
of a person or persons other than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or
if payment is to be made, or certificates for unpurchased Shares are to be
issued or returned, to a person other than the registered owner or owners,
then the tendered certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by duly
executed instruments of transfer (such as stock powers), in either case signed
exactly as the name or names of the registered owner or owners appear on the
certificates, with the signatures on the certificates or instrument of
transfer guaranteed by an Eligible Institution as provided in the Letter of
Transmittal. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal.

  GUARANTEED DELIVERY. If a stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer and such stockholder's certificates for Shares are not immediately
available, or time will not permit all required documents to reach the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, or the procedure for book-entry
transfers cannot be completed on a timely basis, such Shares may nevertheless
be tendered if such tender complies with all of the following guaranteed
delivery procedures:

    (i) the tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

    (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed
  Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Merger Sub herewith, is
  received by the Depositary, as provided below, prior to the Expiration
  Date; and

    (iii) the certificates representing all tendered Shares, in proper form
  for transfer (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all tendered
  Shares), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
  Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required
  signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
  Message), and any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal,
  are received by the Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading
  days after the date of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. If certificates
  are forwarded separately to the Depositary, a properly completed and duly
  executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof)
  must accompany each such delivery.

  The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or transmitted by
facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a signature
guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery.

  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, payment for Shares accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for the Shares (or a Book-Entry
Confirmation), (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) with any required
signature guarantees (or an Agent's Message in connection with a book-entry
delivery of Shares), and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal. Accordingly, in certain circumstances, tendering stockholders may
be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or
Book-Entry Confirmations are actually received by the Depositary. Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be
paid by Merger Sub.

  BACKUP UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING. To prevent United
States federal income tax backup withholding with respect to payment of the
purchase price of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, each stockholder
must provide the Depositary with its correct taxpayer identification number
and certify that it is not subject to backup withholding by completing the
Substitute Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal, or establish
another basis for exemption from backup withholding. See Instruction 10 to the
Letter of Transmittal.

  DETERMINATIONS OF VALIDITY. All questions as to the form of documents and
the validity, eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance for
payment of any tender of Shares will be determined by Merger Sub, in its
reasonable discretion, and its determination will be final and binding on all
parties. Merger Sub reserves the absolute right to reject any or all tenders
of any Shares (i) that are determined by it not to be in proper form or (ii)
the acceptance for payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of
Merger Sub or its counsel, be unlawful. Merger Sub also reserves the absolute
right, in its reasonable discretion, to waive any of the Offer Conditions
(other than as prohibited by the Merger Agreement, as described in Section 1,
"Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date") or any defect or irregularity in the
tender of any Shares, whether or not similar defects or irregularities are
waived in the case of other Shares. No tender of Shares will be deemed to have
been validly made until all defects and irregularities have been cured or
waived to the satisfaction of Merger Sub. None of Merger Sub, Citrix, the
Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty
to give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any
liability for failure to give any such notification. Merger Sub's
interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter
of Transmittal and the Instructions thereto) will be final and binding on all
parties.

  APPOINTMENT. By executing the Letter of Transmittal as set forth above, a
tendering stockholder will irrevocably appoint John P. Cunningham and Daniel
P. Roy as the attorneys-in-fact and proxies of such stockholder in the manner
set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution,
to the full extent of such stockholder's rights with respect to the Shares
tendered by such stockholder and accepted for payment by Merger Sub (and any
and all other Shares or other securities or rights issued or issuable in
respect of such Shares on or after March 20, 2001), including, without
limitation, the right to vote such Shares in such a manner as such designees
or their substitutes shall, in their reasonable discretion, deem proper. All
such powers of attorney and proxies shall be considered coupled with an
interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment will be effective when, and
only to the extent that, Merger Sub accepts such Shares for payment. Upon such
acceptance for payment, all prior powers of attorney and proxies given by the
stockholder with respect to such Shares will be revoked, without further
action, and no subsequent powers of attorney and proxies may be given (and, if
given, will be deemed ineffective). The designees of Merger Sub will, with
respect to the Shares for which such appointment is effective, be empowered to
exercise all voting and other rights of such stockholder as they in their
reasonable judgment deem proper. Merger Sub reserves the right to require
that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the
acceptance for payment of such Shares, Merger Sub or its designees must be
able to exercise full voting rights with respect to such Shares, including
voting at any meeting of stockholders then or thereafter scheduled.

  The tender of Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described above
will constitute the tendering stockholder's acceptance of the terms and
conditions of the Offer as well as the tendering stockholder's representation
and warranty that (a) the stockholder has full power and authority to tender,
sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered and that, when the tendered
Shares are accepted for payment and paid for by Merger Sub, Merger Sub will
acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all
liens, restrictions, charges and encumbrances including irrevocable proxies
and (b) the Shares tendered by the stockholder will not be subject to any
adverse claim. Merger Sub's acceptance for payment of Shares tendered pursuant
to the Offer will constitute a binding agreement between the tendering
stockholder and Merger Sub upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the
Offer.

4. WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS.

  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, tenders of Shares made
pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable. Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer
may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedure set forth below at any time

prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn, pursuant to Section 14(d)(5) of
the Exchange Act, at any time after May 27, 2001.

  For a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
one of its addresses or received via the facsimile number set forth on the
Letter of Transmittal. Any notice of withdrawal must specify the name, address
and taxpayer identification number of the person who tendered the Shares to be
withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name in which the
certificates representing such Shares are registered, if different from that
of the person who tendered the Shares. If certificates for Shares to be
withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to the Depositary, then,
prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers shown
on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such
Shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the signatures on the
notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares
have been tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfers set
forth in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," any notice of
withdrawal must also specify the name and number of the account at the Book-
Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares. Withdrawals
of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn
will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for any purposes of the Offer.
However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by again following one of the
procedures described in Section 3, "Procedures for Tendering Shares," at any
time prior to the Expiration Date or during the Subsequent Offering Period, if
any.

  Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights will
apply to Shares tendered into a Subsequent Offering Period and no withdrawal
rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period with respect to Shares
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment.

  If Merger Sub extends the Offer, or if purchase of or payment for Shares is
delayed for any reason, or if Merger Sub is unable to purchase or pay for
Shares for any reason, then, without prejudice to Merger Sub's rights under
the Offer, tendered Shares may be retained by the Depositary on behalf of
Merger Sub and may not be withdrawn except to the extent that tendering
stockholders are entitled to withdrawal rights as set forth in this Section 4,
subject to Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act, which provides that no person
who makes a tender offer shall fail to pay the consideration offered or return
the securities deposited by or on behalf of security holders promptly after
the termination or withdrawal of the Offer, and subject to Merger Sub's
obligations under the Merger Agreement. See Section 2, "Acceptance for Payment
and Payment for Shares."

  All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
notices of withdrawal will be determined by Merger Sub, in its reasonable
discretion, and its determination will be final and binding on all parties.
None of Merger Sub, Citrix, the Depositary, the Information Agent or any other
person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure
to give any such notification.

5. CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES.

  The following is a summary of certain United States federal income tax
consequences of the Offer and the Merger to holders whose Shares are purchased
pursuant to the Offer or whose Shares are converted into the right to receive
cash in the Merger. The summary is based on the provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), applicable current and proposed
United States Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, judicial authority and
administrative rulings and practice, all of which are subject to change,
possibly with retroactive effect, at any time and, therefore, the following
statements and conclusions could be altered or modified. The discussion does
not address holders of Shares in whose hands Shares are not capital assets,
holders who hold Shares as part of a hedging, "straddle," conversion or other
integrated transaction, holders who received Shares upon conversion of
securities or exercise of warrants or other rights to acquire Shares or
pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as
compensation, holders of restricted shares received as

compensation, or holders of Shares who are in special tax situations (such as
insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, United
States expatriates or non-U.S. persons). Furthermore, the discussion does not
address any aspect of state, local or foreign taxation or estate and gift
taxation.

  The United States federal income tax consequences set forth below are
included for general informational purposes only and are based upon current
law. The following summary does not purport to consider all aspects of United
States federal income taxation that might be relevant to stockholders of
Sequoia. Because individual circumstances may differ, each holder of Shares
should consult such holder's own tax advisor to determine the applicability of
the rules discussed below to such stockholder and the particular tax effects
of the Offer and the Merger, including the application and effect of state,
local and other tax laws. The following summary assumes that (i) Sequoia is
not a "collapsible corporation" within the meaning of Section 341(b)(1) of the
Code, and (ii) the Shares do not constitute "qualified small business stock"
within the meaning of Section 1202(c) of the Code.

  The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes (and also
may be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local, foreign and other
income tax laws). In general, for United States federal income tax purposes, a
holder of Shares will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between
the holder's adjusted tax basis in the Shares sold pursuant to the Offer or
converted to cash in the Merger and the amount of cash received therefor. Gain
or loss must be determined separately for each block of Shares (i.e., Shares
acquired at the same cost in a single transaction) sold pursuant to the Offer
or converted to cash in the Merger. If the Shares exchanged constitute capital
assets in the hands of the stockholder, gain or loss will be capital gain or
loss. In general, capital gains recognized by an individual will be subject to
a maximum United States federal income tax rate of 20% if the holding period
for the Shares exceeds one year. If the holding period for the Shares is one
year or less, capital gains recognized by an individual will be treated as
short term capital gains, and will be subject to tax at ordinary income tax
rates. Certain limitations apply to the use of capital losses.

  Payments in connection with the Offer or the Merger may be subject to
"backup withholding" at a 31% rate. Backup withholding generally applies if a
holder (a) fails to furnish its social security number or other taxpayer
identification number ("TIN"), (b) furnishes an incorrect TIN, (c) fails
properly to include a reportable interest or dividend payment on its United
States federal income tax return or (d) under certain circumstances, fails to
provide a certified statement, signed under penalties of perjury, that the TIN
provided is its correct number and that it is not subject to backup
withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax but merely an advance
payment, which may be refunded to the extent it results in an overpayment of
tax. Certain persons generally are entitled to exemption from backup
withholding, including corporations, financial institutions and certain
foreign stockholders if such foreign stockholders submit a statement, signed
under penalties of perjury, attesting to their exempt status. Certain
penalties apply for failure to furnish correct information and for failure to
include reportable payments in income. Each stockholder should consult such
stockholder's own tax advisor as to its qualification for exemption from
backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such exemption.

  All stockholders surrendering Shares pursuant to the Offer should complete
and sign the main signature form and the Substitute Form W-9 included as part
of the Letter of Transmittal to provide the information and certification
necessary to avoid backup withholding (unless an applicable exemption exists
and is proved in a manner satisfactory to Merger Sub and the Depositary).
Foreign stockholders should complete and sign the main signature form and a
statement, signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that stockholder's
exempt status (such forms can be obtained from the Depositary), in order to
avoid backup withholding.

6. PRICE RANGE OF SHARES; DIVIDENDS ON THE SHARES.

  According to Sequoia's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2000 (the "Sequoia 10-Q") and information supplied by
Sequoia, the Shares were approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "SQSW" on May 11, 2000. In May 2000, Sequoia completed its
initial public offering of 4,200,000 Shares at a price of $8.00 per Share.

  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sequoia has agreed that, without the prior
written consent of Citrix, it will not declare, set aside or pay any dividend
or other distribution on any shares of capital stock of Sequoia.

  The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices per Share on
the Nasdaq National Market since Sequoia's initial public offering, for the
periods indicated, as reported in published financial sources.

                                                    High   Low
                                                   ------ -----

   Second Quarter, 2000 (ended June 30, 2000)      $17.13 $6.00
   Third Quarter, 2000 (ended September 30, 2000)  $19.50 $5.56
   Fourth Quarter, 2000 (ended December 31, 2000)  $ 7.13 $1.66
   First Quarter, 2001 (through March 20, 2001)    $ 5.50 $1.94

  On March 20, 2001, the last full day of trading prior to the public
announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement, the closing sale price
per Share on the Nasdaq National Market was $5.00. Stockholders are urged to
obtain current market quotations for the Shares and to review all information
received by them from Sequoia, including the materials referred to in Section
8, "Certain Information Concerning Sequoia."

7. EFFECT OF OFFER ON MARKET FOR SHARES; NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET LISTING;
   COMMISSION REGISTRATION; MARGIN REGULATIONS.

  MARKET FOR THE SHARES. The purchase of Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the
Offer will reduce the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and
may reduce the number of holders of Shares, which could adversely affect the
liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares, if any, held by
stockholders other than Merger Sub. Citrix and Merger Sub cannot predict
whether the reduction in the number of Shares that might otherwise trade
publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for,
or marketability of, the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices
to be greater or lesser than the Offer Price.

  NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET LISTING; COMMISSION REGISTRATION. The Shares are
currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq National Market, which constitutes
the principal trading market for the Shares. Depending upon the number of
Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the
requirements of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. for
continued inclusion on the Nasdaq National Market. The maintenance for
continued inclusion requires Sequoia to substantially meet one of two
maintenance standards. Sequoia must have either (1)(a) at least 750,000
publicly held shares, (b) at least 400 shareholders of round lots, (c) a
market value of at least $5 million, (d) a minimum bid price per Share of
$1.00, (e) at least two registered and active market makers for its Shares and
(f) net tangible assets of at least $4 million, or (2)(a) at least, 1,100,000
publicly held shares, (b) at least 400 shareholders of round lots, (c) a
market value of at least $15 million, (d) either (i) a market capitalization
of at least $50 million or (ii) total assets and total revenue of at least $50
million each for the most recently completed fiscal year or two of the last
three most recently completed fiscal years, (e) a minimum bid price per Share
of $5.00 and (f) at least four registered and active market makers. For
purposes of continued inclusion, shares held directly or indirectly by
directors, officers or beneficial owners or more than 10% of the Shares are
not considered to be publicly held.

  If the Nasdaq National Market were to delist the Shares, it is possible that
the Shares would trade on another securities exchange or in the over-the-
counter market and that price quotations for the Shares would be reported by
such exchange or through other sources. The extent of a public market for the
Shares and availability of such quotations would, however, depend upon such
factors as the number of holders and/or the aggregate market value of the
publicly held Shares at such time, the interest in maintaining a market in the
Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination of
registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act (discussed below) and other
factors.

  The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such
registration may be terminated upon application by Sequoia to the Commission
if the Shares are neither listed on a national securities exchange nor held of
record by 300 or more persons. If such registration were terminated, Sequoia
would no longer be legally

required to disclose publicly in proxy materials distributed to stockholders
the information which it now must provide under the Exchange Act or to make
public disclosure of financial and other information in annual, quarterly and
other reports required to be filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act;
the officers, directors and 10% stockholders of Sequoia would no longer be
subject to the "short-swing" insider trading reporting and profit recovery
provisions of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or the proxy statement
requirements of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act in connection with
stockholders' meetings; and the Shares would no longer be eligible for Nasdaq
National Market reporting or for continued inclusion on the "margin list" of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve
Board"). Furthermore, if such registration were terminated, persons holding
"restricted securities" of Sequoia could be deprived of their ability to
dispose of such securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act").

  In the Merger Agreement, Sequoia has agreed to use its reasonable efforts to
cause the Shares to be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and de-
registered under the Exchange Act as soon as practicable following the
Effective Time. However, Merger Sub intends to cause Sequoia to seek delisting
of the Shares from the Nasdaq National Market and to cause Sequoia to apply
for termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act as soon
after the completion of the Offer as the requirements for such delisting and
termination are met. If registration of the Shares is not terminated prior to
the Merger, then the Shares will cease to be reported on the Nasdaq National
Market and the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act will be
terminated following the completion of the Merger.

  MARGIN REGULATIONS. The Shares are currently "margin securities" under the
regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, which has the effect, among other
things, of allowing brokers to extend credit by using the Shares as
collateral. Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding
listing and market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer the
Shares would no longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the
margin regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer
be used as collateral for loans made by brokers.

8. CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING SEQUOIA.

  Except as specifically set forth herein, the information concerning Sequoia
contained in this Offer to Purchase, including financial information, has been
taken from or is based upon publicly available documents and records on file
with the Commission and other public sources. Neither Citrix nor Merger Sub
has any knowledge that would indicate that any statements contained herein
based on such documents and records are untrue. However, neither Citrix nor
Merger Sub assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the
information concerning Sequoia, whether furnished by Sequoia or contained in
such documents and records, or for any failure by Sequoia to disclose events
which may have occurred or which may affect the significance or accuracy of
any such information but which are unknown to Citrix and Merger Sub.

  Sequoia is a Maryland corporation with its principal executive offices
located at 8890 McGaw Road, Columbia, MD 21045, telephone number (410) 715-
0206. According to Sequoia 10-Q, Sequoia is a leading provider of XML-based
Internet infrastructure software for creating interactive e-business portals.

  Set forth below is certain selected historical consolidated financial
information with respect to Sequoia and its subsidiaries excerpted or derived
from the audited consolidated financial statements presented in Sequoia 10-Q.
More comprehensive financial information is included in those documents and in
other documents filed by Sequoia with the Commission (which documents may be
inspected or obtained in the manner set forth below), and the following
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to those materials and all
of the financial information and notes contained therein or incorporated
therein by reference.

                         SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION

                  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
              (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts)

                                                       Nine Months Ended
                                                         September 30,
                                                    -------------------------
                                                        2000          1999
                                                    -------------  ----------
                                                          (unaudited)

Revenues                                              13,651,479    5,014,567
Cost of revenues                                       3,207,990    3,179,255
Gross profit                                          10,443,489    1,835,312
Operating expenses                                    24,880,085    7,897,857
Loss from operations                                 (14,436,596)  (6,062,545)
Other income (expense)
  Interest expense                                      (158,772)    (290,899)
  Other income, net                                      909,518       12,788
Net loss                                             (13,685,850)  (6,340,656)
Accretion of Series A redeemable convertible
 preferred stock to estimated mandatory redemption
 value                                               (16,129,664)         --
Accretion of Series B redeemable convertible
 preferred stock to estimated mandatory redemption
 value                                               (19,295,904)    (391,494)
Accretion of Series C redeemable convertible
 preferred stock to estimated mandatory redemption
 value                                               (48,829,933)         --
Accretion of Series D redeemable convertible
 preferred stock to estimated mandatory redemption
 value                                               (12,790,838)         --
Net loss attributable to common stockholders        (110,732,189)  (6,732,150)
Basic and diluted loss per common share
 attributable to common stockholders                       (5.81)       (1.48)

                                                    September 30,

                                                    -------------
                                                     (Unaudited)

Total current assets                                  42,702,722
Total assets                                          51,957,148
Total current liabilities                              4,314,215
Total liabilities                                      5,159,111
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                  46,798,037

  AVAILABLE INFORMATION. Sequoia is subject to the information and reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is obligated to
file reports and other information with the Commission relating to its
business, financial condition, and other matters. Information as of particular
dates concerning Sequoia's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock
options granted to them, the principal holders of Sequoia's securities, any
material interests of such persons in transactions with Sequoia, and other
matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to
Sequoia's stockholders and filed with the Commission. Such reports, proxy
statements, and other information should be available for inspection at the
Commission's Public Reference Room, Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies should be obtainable upon payment of the
Commission's customary charges by writing to the Commission's principal office
at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Such material should also
be available for inspection and copying at the regional offices of the
Commission located at Seven World Trade Center, Suite 1300, New York, New York
10048 and 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661. The
Commission also maintains a World Wide Web site on the Internet at
http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding registrants that file electronically with the
Commission.

9. CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING MERGER SUB AND CITRIX.

  INFORMATION CONCERNING MERGER SUB. Merger Sub, a Delaware corporation, was
recently incorporated for the purpose of making the Offer and consummating the
Merger. All of the outstanding capital stock of Merger Sub is owned by Citrix.
Until immediately prior to the time it purchases Shares pursuant to the Offer,
it is not anticipated that Merger Sub will have any significant assets or
liabilities or engage in activities other than those incidental to its
formation and capitalization and the transactions contemplated by the Offer
and the Merger. Since Merger Sub is newly formed and has minimal assets and
capitalization, no meaningful financial information is available for it.
Merger Sub is not subject to the informational filing requirements of the
Exchange Act.

  The principal executive offices of Merger Sub are located at 6400 N.W. 6th
Way, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33309, telephone number (954) 267-3000. The name,
business address, past and present principal occupations and citizenship of
each of the directors and executive officers of Merger Sub are set forth in
Annex I to this Offer to Purchase.

  INFORMATION CONCERNING CITRIX. Citrix, a Delaware corporation, is a leading
supplier of application delivery and management software and services that
enable the effective and efficient enterprise-wide deployment and management
of applications, including those designed for Microsoft Corporation Windows(R)
operating systems and UNIX(R) operating systems. Citrix's products permit
organizations to deploy and management applications without regarding to
location, network connection, or type of client hardware platform. These
products utilize Citrix's Independent Computing Architecture (ICA(R)), which
allows an application's graphical user interface to be displayed on a client
while its logic is executed on a server, thereby providing a manageable and
bandwidth-efficient solution. Citrix was incorporated in April 1989, and
shipped its initial products in 1991. At the end of 2000, Citrix and its
consolidated subsidiaries had approximately 1,400 employees worldwide.

  The principal executive offices of Citrix are located at 6400 N.W. 6th Way,
Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33309, telephone number (954) 267-3000. The name,
business address, past and present principal occupations and citizenship of
each of the directors and executive officers of Citrix are set forth in Annex
I to this Offer to Purchase.

  Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase:

    (i) none of Citrix nor Merger Sub nor, to the best knowledge of Citrix
  and Merger Sub, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to
  Purchase, or any associate or majority owned subsidiary of any of the
  foregoing, beneficially owns or has a right to acquire any Shares or any
  other equity securities of Sequoia;

    (ii) none of Citrix nor Merger Sub nor, to the best knowledge of Citrix
  and Merger Sub, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to
  Purchase, or any associate or majority owned subsidiary of any of the
  foregoing, has effected any transaction in the Shares or any other equity
  securities of Sequoia during the past 60 days;

    (iii) since March 1, 1999, there have been no negotiations, transactions
  or material contacts between any of Citrix, Merger Sub or any of their
  respective subsidiaries, including, to the best knowledge of Citrix and
  Merger Sub, any of the persons listed in Annex I to this Offer to Purchase,
  on the one hand, and Sequoia or its affiliates, on the other hand,
  concerning any merger, consolidation, acquisition, tender offer or other
  acquisition of securities of Sequoia, any election of directors of Sequoia,
  or any sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets of Sequoia;
  and

    (iv) since March 1, 1999, there have been no transactions between any of
  Citrix, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries, including, to
  the best knowledge of Citrix and Merger Sub, any of the persons listed in
  Annex I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and Sequoia or any of
  its executive officers, directors or affiliates, on the other hand, except
  as disclosed in Section 11, "Background of Offer."

  Except as disclosed in Section 11, "Background of Offer," neither Citrix nor
Merger Sub had any relationship with Sequoia prior to the commencement of the
discussions which led to the execution of the Merger Agreement. Each of Citrix
and Merger Sub disclaims that it is an "affiliate" of Sequoia within the
meaning of Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act.

  Citrix is subject to the information and reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is obligated to file reports and
other information with the Commission relating to its business, financial
condition, and other matters. Information as of particular dates concerning
Citrix's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to
them, the principal holders of Citrix's securities, any material interests of
such persons in transactions with Citrix, and other matters is required to be
disclosed in proxy statements distributed to Citrix's stockholders and filed
with the Commission. Such reports, proxy statements, and other information
should be available for inspection and copies should be attainable at the
offices of the Commission in the same manner as set forth with respect to
Sequoia in Section 8, "Certain Information Concerning Sequoia-Available
Information." In addition, stockholders of Sequoia may also obtain copies of
Citrix's most recent Annual Report by contacting Investor Relations at
Citrix's principal executive offices set forth above or by calling (888) 595-
CTXS.

10. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS.

  If all Shares are tendered and purchased by Merger Sub in the Offer, the
aggregate purchase price for Shares, outstanding vested options and
exercisable warrants of Sequoia will be approximately $184.6 million. In the
Merger Agreement, Citrix has agreed to provide or cause to be provided to
Merger Sub the funds necessary to pay for all Shares that Merger Sub becomes
obligated to purchase in the Offer. Citrix, in turn, would obtain such funds
from working capital and various types of intercompany transfers. No part of
such funds are, or are expected to be, borrowed, directly or indirectly, from
any third-party for purposes of the transaction. The Offer is not conditioned
on Merger Sub or Citrix obtaining any financing.

11. BACKGROUND OF OFFER.

  On October 13, 2000, Citrix and Sequoia entered into a license agreement
pursuant to which Citrix granted Sequoia a product and trademark license to
demonstrate and market Citrix(R) NFuse(TM) portal software in connection with
Sequoia's products and services. The parties agreed to cooperate in joint
marketing and development of their respective products, and Sequoia agreed to
become a member of Citrix's business alliance program.

  In December 2000, Sequoia began considering various potential alternatives,
including possible business combinations involving Sequoia and other
corporations. In light of market conditions, Sequoia sought strategic partners
with adequate resources to assist Sequoia in strengthening its position in the
portal market.

  On December 14, 2000, at the request of Sequoia, Richard C. Faint, Jr.,
Chief Executive Officer; Mark A. Wesker, President and Chief Operating
Officer; and Paul Martin, Chief Technology Officer, all officers of Sequoia,
met with representatives of Citrix at Citrix's corporate offices to discuss
the general business relationship between the companies. Attending the meeting
on behalf of Citrix were Mark B. Templeton, President; David A.G. Jones,
Senior Vice President, Corporate Development; David Weiss, Vice President,
Marketing; Scott Herren, Vice President, Mergers and Acquisitions; and Mr.
Stergiades.

  In January 2001, Sequoia engaged Lehman Bothers to act as its financial
advisor to assist with the identification and evaluation of potential
strategic transactions.

  On February 2, 2001, Sequoia's board of directors met with representatives
of Lehman Brothers and Fenwick & West LLP, outside legal counsel to Sequoia,
to discuss the process of evaluating strategic alternatives. At this meeting,
the board formed a strategic transaction committee consisting of Lawrence A.
Bettino, William

M. Gust II, Jonathan I. Grabel and Messrs. Faint and Wesker, for the purpose
of reviewing the progress of strategic initiatives and reporting on
significant developments to Sequoia's board.

  During February 2001, Lehman Brothers selectively contacted potential
strategic partners and acquirors for Sequoia and conducted preliminary
meetings.

  On February 12, 2001, at the request of Sequoia, Messrs. Faint, Wesker,
Martin and Craig of Sequoia met with Messrs. Templeton, Jones, Weiss, Herren
and Stergiades of Citrix at the corporate offices of Citrix to further discuss
a business relationship between the parties. Representatives of Lehman
Brothers were also in attendance.

  On February 20, 2001, Messrs. Faint, Wesker, Martin and Craig; and Gregory
G. Heard, Chief Financial Officer; William S. Brennan, Executive Vice
President, Corporate Development; and Bryan Caporlette, Executive Vice
President, Strategic Technology of Sequoia met with Messrs. Weiss, Herren and
Stergiades; and Scott Kinnear, Vice President, Product Development of Citrix
at the corporate offices of Sequoia to discuss a potential acquisition by
Citrix of Sequoia, including product synergies, financial projections and
software architecture. Representatives of Lehman Brothers were also in
attendance.

  On February 27, 2001, the board of directors of Citrix met via telephonic
conference call. Officers of Citrix discussed the opportunities for Citrix in
the portal market and presented an overview of Sequoia, including a review of
Sequoia's technology, finances and operations. After discussion, the board
approved management commencing negotiations regarding a strategic transaction
with Sequoia and to engage the services of an investment banking firm.

  On the same date, Sequoia's strategic transaction committee held a meeting
to review the status of contacts with various potentially interested strategic
partners for Sequoia, including Citrix.

  On March 1, 2001, Citrix and Sequoia signed a Mutual Non-Disclosure
Agreement (the "Non-Disclosure Agreement") pursuant to which the parties
agreed to refrain from disclosure of confidential information shared between
the parties and to negotiate exclusively for a defined period.

  On March 2, 2001, Citrix retained Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated ("Merrill Lynch") to serve as financial advisor for the proposed
strategic transaction with Sequoia.

  On the same date, representatives of Citrix, representatives of Testa,
Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP, outside counsel to Citrix, and Ernst & Young, LLP,
accountants to Citrix, met in the data room at the offices of Fenwick & West
in Washington D.C. to conduct additional legal and financial due diligence.
Representatives of Lehman Brothers were also in attendance. Diligence review
and preliminary discussions between the parties continued over the following
days.

  On March 5, 2001, additional representatives of Citrix met with
representatives of Sequoia at Sequoia's corporate headquarters to conduct due
diligence and begin discussions regarding corporate integration.

  On March 7, 2001, Sequoia's strategic transaction committee met with
representatives of Lehman Brothers and Fenwick & West to review the status of
due diligence and the negotiations with Citrix.

  On March 9, 2001, at the request of Citrix, John P. Cunningham, Chief
Financial Officer of Citrix, and Messrs. Faint and Wesker met at Sequoia's
corporate offices and discussed various structures for a proposed acquisition
of Sequoia by Citrix.

  On March 10, 2001, Sequoia's strategic transaction committee again met with
representatives of Lehman Brothers and Fenwick & West to discuss the progress
of the proposed transaction with Citrix. Later that day, representatives of
Citrix, including representatives from Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault and Merrill
Lynch, met with representatives of Sequoia, including Fenwick & West and
Lehman Brothers, to discuss proposed terms for an acquisition of Sequoia by
Citrix.

  On March 11, 2001 Sequoia's board of directors met to review the progress of
the strategic transaction discussions. Sequoia's legal counsel and financial
advisor reviewed with the board their discussions with their Citrix
counterparts and discussed the open transaction terms to be negotiated.

  From March 14 through March 20, 2001, the parties, assisted by their
respective legal counsel and financial advisors, negotiated the terms of the
definitive Merger Agreement and related transaction agreements.

  On March 16, 2001, the board of directors of Citrix met via telephonic
conference call. Officers of Citrix summarized the status of negotiations with
Sequoia to date. Representatives of Merrill Lynch provided an overview of the
proposed structure for an acquisition of Sequoia via an all-cash tender offer
to the stockholders of Sequoia. Officers of Citrix summarized proposed
marketing messages and plans for integrating Sequoia's operations with that of
Citrix. After discussion, the board requested that management continue
negotiations regarding an acquisition of Sequoia. Pending satisfactory
resolution of a number of open issues, and subject to negotiation, execution
and delivery of certain agreements related to the Offer and Merger, the board
approved an acquisition of Sequoia on terms substantially similar to those
presented at the meeting.

  On March 18, 2001, Sequoia's board of directors met with its financial
advisors and legal counsel to review in detail the terms of the proposed
transaction. Representatives of Lehman Brothers provided the board with a
detailed financial analysis of the proposed transaction, and a representative
of Fenwick & West reviewed with the board the specific terms of the various
transaction documents.

  On March 19 and 20, 2001, representatives of Citrix and Sequoia met to
resolve the remaining open transaction issues.

  On March 20, 2001, Sequoia's board of directors met to review the final
terms of the proposed transaction with Citrix. At this meeting, Lehman
Brothers rendered its opinion that the proposed Citrix transaction was fair to
Sequoia's stockholders from a financial point of view. After discussion,
Sequoia's board voted to approve the Offer and the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement.

  In the evening of March 20, 2001, Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia executed
the Merger Agreement, Citrix and Sequoia executed the Transaction Option
Agreement and Citrix, Merger Sub and certain stockholders of Sequoia executed
the Stockholders Agreement. In addition, Messrs. Faint, Wesker and Martin each
entered into an employment agreement with Citrix, effective at the time of the
Merger.

  Prior to the opening of the financial markets on March 21, 2001, Citrix and
Sequoia issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the Merger
Agreement. Citrix filed a Schedule TO-C and Sequoia filed a Schedule 14D-9C
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, each incorporating the joint
press release.

12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; THE MERGER; PLANS FOR SEQUOIA.

  PURPOSE. The purpose of the Offer and the Merger is for Merger Sub to
acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, Sequoia. The purpose of
the Merger is for Merger Sub to acquire all Shares not purchased pursuant to
the Offer. Upon consummation of the Merger, Sequoia will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Citrix. The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger
Agreement.

  NO ASSURANCE. There can be no assurance that the Merger will take place,
although each party has agreed in the Merger Agreement to use all reasonable
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be
done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things
necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most
expeditious manner practicable, the Merger, because the Merger is subject to
certain conditions, some of which are beyond the control of either Citrix or
Sequoia. Since Citrix's ultimate objective is to acquire ownership of all the
Shares, if the Merger does not take place, Citrix would consider the
acquisition, whether directly or through an affiliate, of Shares through
private or open market purchases, or subsequent tender offers or a different
type of merger or other combination of Sequoia with

Merger Sub or an affiliate or subsidiary thereof, or by any other permissible
means deemed advisable by it. Any of those possible transactions might be on
terms the same as, or more or less favorable than, those of the Offer or the
Merger.

  APPROVAL. Under MGCL and Sequoia's articles of incorporation, the approval
of the board of directors of Sequoia and the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Shares may be required to approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Merger. The board of directors of Sequoia has unanimously (except for members
of the board of directors who have properly recused themselves): (a)
determined that each of the Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option
Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement, the Offer and the Merger is advisable
and fair to and in the best interests of the stockholders of Sequoia, (b)
approved the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement, the
Transaction Option Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement and the completion
of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger,
and (c) recommended that holders of Shares accept the Offer, approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger (if required). Unless the Merger
is consummated pursuant to the short-form merger provisions of MGCL and DGCL
described below, the only remaining required corporate action of Sequoia is
the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the Shares. Accordingly, if the Minimum Tender Condition is satisfied, Merger
Sub will have sufficient voting power to cause the approval and adoption of
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Offer and the Merger, without the affirmative vote of any other stockholders.
Regarding any approvals necessary under the laws of other states, see Section
16, "Certain Regulatory and Legal Matters--State Takeover Laws."

  STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS. In the Merger Agreement, Sequoia has agreed, that
after consummation of the Offer, in the event Merger Sub acquires less than
90% of the Shares, Sequoia will, as soon as practicable, duly call, give
notice of, convene and hold a meeting of the stockholders for the purpose of
approving the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The
board of directors of Sequoia, after considering its fiduciary duties under
applicable law following consultation with counsel, has resolved to recommend
the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger by
the holders of Shares. Citrix and Merger Sub have agreed that they will, and
will direct the members of Sequoia's board of directors designated by Citrix
and Merger Sub to, take all actions and do all things necessary or advisable
to cause the Merger to occur as promptly as practicable pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement. At any such meeting, all of the Shares then owned by
Citrix or Merger Sub will be voted to approve the Merger and the Merger
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Merger Sub acquires at least 90%
of the outstanding Shares, then the parties will, at the request of Merger
Sub, take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to become
effective, in accordance with Section 3-106 of the MGCL and Section 253 of the
DGCL, as soon as practicable, without a meeting of Sequoia's stockholders. See
"--Short-Form Merger."

  BOARD REPRESENTATION. For a description of Merger Sub's rights under the
Merger Agreement to designate directors of Sequoia, see Section 13, "The
Transaction Documents--The Merger Agreement--Board of Directors." Citrix
currently intends to designate a majority of the directors of Sequoia
following consummation of the Offer. It is currently anticipated that Citrix
will designate such persons listed on Annex I as Citrix shall determine to
serve as the directors of Sequoia following consummation of the Offer. Merger
Sub expects that such representation would permit Merger Sub to exert
substantial influence over Sequoia's conduct of its business and operations.

  SHORT-FORM MERGER. Under Section 3-106 of the MGCL and Section 253 of the
DGCL, if Merger Sub acquires, pursuant to the Offer, at least 90% of the
outstanding Shares, Merger Sub will be able to approve the Merger without a
vote of Sequoia's stockholders. In such event, Citrix and Merger Sub
anticipate that they will take, and the parties to the Merger Agreement have
agreed, at the request of Merger Sub, to take all necessary and appropriate
action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as reasonably
practicable after such acquisition, without a meeting of Sequoia's
stockholders. If, however, Merger Sub does not acquire at least 90% of the
outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise and a vote of Sequoia's
stockholders is required under MGCL, a significantly longer period of time
would be required to effect the Merger. Pursuant to the

Transaction Option Agreement, Sequoia has granted Citrix an irrevocable option
to purchase up to a number of Shares equal to 19.9% of the Shares outstanding
(before Citrix's exercise of the option) exercisable if, after giving effect
to Citrix's exercise of the option and as a result of such exercise, Citrix
and Merger Sub will collectively own at least 90.1% of the shares of Common
Stock on a fully-diluted basis.

  APPRAISAL RIGHTS. Pursuant to Section 3-202 of the MGCL, a stockholder of a
Maryland corporation may not demand appraisal rights in connection with a
consolidation or merger with another corporation if securities of the Maryland
corporation are listed on a national securities exchange or are designated as
a national market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Since securities of Sequoia
are listed on Nasdaq, no appraisal rights are available in connection with the
Offer or the Merger.

  PLANS FOR SEQUOIA. Following the Offer and the Merger, Citrix intends to
integrate Sequoia's business with the business of Citrix and to conduct
Sequoia's business on a basis generally consistent with Sequoia's existing
operations. Upon closing of the Merger, the new company will operate as a
subsidiary of Citrix and will continue to be based in Columbia, Maryland.
Citrix will continue to evaluate the business and operations of Sequoia and
will take such actions as it deems appropriate under the circumstances then
existing.

  EXTRAORDINARY CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS. Except for the extraordinary corporate
transactions pursuant to the Merger as described in this Offer to Purchase,
neither Citrix nor Merger Sub has any present plans or proposals which relate
to or would result in (i) an extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a
merger, reorganization or liquidation, involving Sequoia or any of its
subsidiaries, (ii) any purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of
assets of Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) any material change in the
present dividend policy, or indebtedness or capitalization, of Sequoia, (iv)
any change in Sequoia's present board of directors or management, (v) any
other material changes in Sequoia's corporate structure or business, (vi) any
class of equity securities of Sequoia being delisted from a national
securities exchange or ceasing to be authorized to be quoted in an automated
quotations system operated by a national securities association, or (vii) any
class of equity securities of Sequoia becoming eligible for termination of
registration under Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities Act.

13. THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS.

  The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger
Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement and
certain Employment Agreements (as hereinafter defined). Copies of the Merger
Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement and
the Employment Agreements (as defined below) have been filed with the
Commission. Summaries of those Agreements are qualified in their entirety by
reference to such agreements, which are deemed to be incorporated by reference
herein. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the
meanings ascribed to them in such agreements.

The Merger Agreement

  OFFER. The Merger Agreement provides for Merger Sub to commence (within the
meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act) the Offer no later than the
fifth (5th) business day after the public announcement of the execution of the
Merger Agreement. Additional provisions relating to the terms and conditions
of the Offer are described in Section 1, "Terms of the Offer; Expiration
Date."

  SCHEDULE TO AND OFFER DOCUMENTS; SCHEDULE 14D-9; STATE FILINGS. In the
Merger Agreement, Citrix and Merger Sub have agreed to take certain actions
with regard to the filing with the Commission of a Tender Offer Statement on
Schedule TO (the "Schedule TO") including this Offer to Purchase and certain
Offer documents and to make any filings required by applicable law relating to
the Offer. Also, Citrix and Merger Sub have granted to Sequoia certain rights
to review and comment on the proposed forms of the Schedule TO and such Offer
documents, as well as any amendments and supplements thereto, prior to their
filing with the Commission or dissemination to the stockholders of Sequoia.
Citrix and Merger Sub have agreed to

provide Sequoia and its counsel any comments that Merger Sub, Citrix or their
counsel receive from the Commission or its staff with respect to such Offer
documents promptly after the receipt thereof including a copy of any such
comments that are made in writing. Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia have agreed
to correct promptly any information provided by them for use in the Schedule
TO or the Offer documents that becomes false or misleading in any material
respect, and Merger Sub will take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO
and such Offer documents as so corrected to be filed with the Commission and
disseminated to the stockholders of Sequoia, as and to the extent required by
applicable law.

  In the Merger Agreement, Sequoia has agreed that it will file with the
Commission on the date of the commencement of the Offer the Schedule 14D-9
containing the recommendations of its board of directors in favor of the Offer
and the Merger; provided, however, that the board of directors of Sequoia may
withdraw, modify or amend such recommendations if the board of directors shall
conclude in good faith following consultation with counsel that such action is
necessary under applicable law in order to satisfy the board's fiduciary
duties. Sequoia has granted to Citrix certain rights to review and comment on
the proposed forms of the Schedule 14D-9 and the exhibits thereto, as well as
any amendments and supplements thereto, prior to their filing with the
Commission or dissemination to the stockholders of Sequoia. Sequoia, Citrix
and Merger Sub have agreed to correct promptly any information provided by
them for use in the Schedule 14D-9 that becomes false or misleading in any
material respect, and Sequoia will take all steps necessary to cause the
Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the Commission and
disseminated to the stockholders of Sequoia, as and to the extent required by
applicable law.

  BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly after the
acceptance for payment, and full payment by, Citrix or any of its subsidiaries
of a number of Shares by Merger Sub that satisfies the Minimum Tender
Condition pursuant to the Offer, Citrix shall be entitled to designate such
number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number as will give Citrix,
subject to compliance with Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act, representation
on the board of directors of Sequoia equal to the product of (x) the number of
directors on the board of directors of Sequoia (giving effect to any increase
in the number of directors) and (y) the percentage that such number of Shares
so purchased bears to the aggregate number of Shares outstanding (such number
being the "Board Percentage"). Sequoia has agreed that it shall, upon request
by Citrix, promptly satisfy the Board Percentage by (i) increasing the size of
the board of directors of Sequoia or (ii) using its reasonable efforts to
secure the resignations of such number of directors as is necessary to enable
Citrix's designees to be elected to the board of directors of Sequoia and
shall cause Citrix's designees promptly to be so elected. At the request of
Citrix, Sequoia shall take, at Sequoia's expense, all lawful action necessary
to effect any such election, including, without limitation, mailing to its
stockholders the information required by Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder, unless such information has previously been
provided to Sequoia's stockholders in the Schedule 14D-9. Following the
election or appointment of Citrix's designees and prior to the Effective Time
any (i) amendment or termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) extension for
the performance or waiver of the obligations or other acts of Citrix or Merger
Sub under the Merger Agreement, or (iii) waiver of Sequoia's rights under the
Merger Agreement shall, in any such case, require the concurrence of a
majority of the directors of Sequoia then in office who are Continuing
Directors. "Continuing Director" means (i) each member of the board of
directors of Sequoia on March 20, 2001 and (ii) each member of the board of
directors that was recommended to succeed such Continuing Director by a
majority of the Continuing Directors then on the board of directors other than
any director designated by Citrix or its subsidiaries for appointment.

  Merger Sub currently intends to designate a majority of the directors of
Sequoia following consummation of the Offer. It is currently anticipated that
Merger Sub will designate such officers of Citrix listed on Annex I as Merger
Sub shall determine to serve as the directors of Sequoia following
consummation of the Offer.

  VOTE REQUIRED TO APPROVE MERGER. See Section 12, "Purpose of the Offer; The
Merger; Plans for Sequoia--Stockholder Meetings."

  MERGER. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described
under "--Conditions to Obligations of All Parties to Merger Agreement,"
including the consummation of the Offer and, to the extent

required by the MGCL, the approval of the stockholders of Sequoia of the
Merger Agreement and the Merger, the parties will cause the Merger to become
effective (a) as soon as practicable after the conditions discussed under "--
Conditions to Obligations of All Parties to Merger Agreement" (other than
conditions that by their terms cannot be satisfied until the Effective Time)
shall have been satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement or (b) on such other date as the parties may agree in writing. As a
result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will
cease and Sequoia will continue as the Surviving Corporation and as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Citrix.

  CONVERSION OF SECURITIES. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of Citrix, Merger Sub, or any holder of any
Shares, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than Shares held by Sequoia and Shares held directly or indirectly
by Citrix or Merger Sub), will be converted into the right to receive, from
the Surviving Corporation, an amount of cash equal to the Offer Price. Under
the Merger Agreement, if the conversion of securities results in a withholding
tax obligation, Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia are entitled to satisfy that
obligation, and treat any withholding taxes paid to a tax authority as having
been delivered to the holder. Each Share shall be canceled and extinguished
and shall cease to exist, and each certificate formerly representing any of
such Share shall thereafter represent only the right to receive the Offer
Price. At the Effective Time, each share of common stock of Merger Sub issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted
into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of
the Surviving Corporation.

  TREATMENT OF OPTIONS. Under the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time,
each holder of an outstanding option to acquire Common Stock ("Sequoia
Option"), to the extent then exercisable, shall, in settlement thereof,
receive for each Share subject to such Sequoia Option an amount (subject to
any applicable withholding tax) in cash equal to the difference between the
Offer Price and the per Share exercise price of such Sequoia Option to the
extent such difference is a positive number ("Option Consideration"). Upon
receipt of the Option Consideration, the Sequoia Option shall be canceled. The
boards of directors of each of Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia shall take all
reasonable and necessary actions in order that, with respect to any person
subject to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, any such amounts can be paid
without liability to such person under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated thereunder. The surrender of an exercisable Sequoia
Option to Sequoia in exchange for the Option Consideration shall be deemed a
release of any and all rights the holder had or may have had in respect of
such Sequoia Option. Prior to the Effective Time, Citrix shall grant to
Sequoia's employees options to purchase Citrix common stock, par value $.001
per share ("Citrix Common Stock"), in such amounts, at such exercise prices,
and on such terms as will be determined by Citrix with the advice of Sequoia,
such grants to be effective as of the Effective Time. Citrix shall be entitled
to require as a condition of making any such grant of options to any such
Sequoia employee that such employee execute an agreement terminating such
employee's rights to all Sequoia Options that are outstanding but not
exercisable at the Effective Time. Any outstanding Sequoia Option not
exercisable at the Effective Time that is not terminated pursuant to such an
agreement shall be assumed by Citrix at the Effective Time, and shall be
exercisable (in accordance with the terms of such Sequoia Option) for that
number of whole shares of Citrix Common Stock equal to the product of the
number of shares of Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such
Sequoia Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Option Exchange Ratio (as defined below). The exercise price per share
applicable to each Sequoia Option will be determined by dividing the exercise
price per share of the Sequoia Option by the Option Exchange Ratio, and
rounding up to the nearest whole cent. The "Option Exchange Ratio" means (i)
$5.64 divided by (ii) the average of the closing prices of Citrix Common Stock
on the Nasdaq National Market during the 20 trading days immediately prior to
the Effective Time. In the Merger Agreement, Citrix has agreed that, within 30
days after the Effective Time, it will file a registration statement under the
Securities Act on Form S-8 or other appropriate form covering any shares of
Citrix Common Stock subject to issuance upon the exercise of any Sequoia
Options assumed by Citrix and will maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement for so long as any of such options or other rights
remain outstanding.

  TREATMENT OF WARRANTS. Under the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time,
each holder of an outstanding warrant to purchase Shares (a "Sequoia Warrant")
shall have the right to purchase, in lieu of the securities of Sequoia that
such Sequoia Warrant would have been exercisable for prior to the Effective
Time (the "Warrant Securities") on the same terms and conditions (including
exercise price) as contained in such Sequoia Warrant, an amount in cash equal
to the Offer Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Securities such Sequoia
Warrant would have been exercisable for prior to the Effective Time. Prior to
the Effective Time, Sequoia shall provide all necessary notices to and obtain
all necessary consents or releases from holders of each Sequoia Warrant in
accordance with the terms thereof and take all such other lawful action as may
be necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. Sequoia shall take all action necessary to ensure that following
the Effective Time no holder of a Sequoia Warrant shall have any right
thereunder to acquire securities of Sequoia, the Surviving Corporation or any
subsidiary thereof.

  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Merger Agreement contains various
representations and warranties of the parties thereto. These include customary
representations and warranties by Sequoia, including, but not limited to,
representations and warranties with respect to: (i) the due organization,
existence and, subject to certain limitations, the qualification and good
standing of Sequoia and its subsidiaries, (ii) Sequoia's authority to enter
into the Merger Agreement and the Transaction Option Agreement and to carry
out the transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) the validity, binding effect
and enforceability of the Merger Agreement and the Transaction Option
Agreement with respect to Sequoia, (iv) required consents and approvals, (v)
subject to certain limitations, the Merger Agreement's compliance with the
organizational documents and other agreements of Sequoia and of laws
applicable to the Merger Agreement, (vi) Sequoia's capitalization, (vii) the
timely filing of all required reports, schedules, statements, forms and other
documents with the Commission since Sequoia's initial public offering and the
accuracy of the statements made in such documents, (viii) subject to certain
limitations, the absence of any undisclosed liabilities, (ix) subject to
certain limitations, the absence of certain Material Adverse Changes (as
defined below) or events since September 30, 2000, (x) the absence of any
litigation or regulatory action against Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries,
(xi) certain matters relating to the intellectual property rights of Sequoia
and its subsidiaries, (xii) certain matters relating to the employee benefit
plans and labor relations of Sequoia and its subsidiaries, (xiii) certain
matters relating to the payment of taxes and the filing of tax returns by
Sequoia and its subsidiaries, (xiv) the vote required to adopt the Merger
Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby, (xv) the receipt
of the fairness opinion of Lehman Brothers and the absence of arrangements for
finders' fees (other than with Lehman Brothers), (xvi) subject to certain
limitations, Sequoia's and its subsidiaries' compliance with applicable laws
and maintenance of applicable permits, (xvii) the full force and effect of
Sequoia's and its subsidiaries' contracts, (xviii) certain matters relating to
the insurance policies of Sequoia and its subsidiaries, (xix) the absence of
certain related party transactions, and (xx) the absence of joint ventures,
partnerships and similar arrangements.

  Citrix, on its own behalf and, in certain cases, on behalf of the Merger
Sub, also made customary representations and warranties, including, but not
limited to, representations and warranties with respect to: (i) the due
organization, existence and, subject to certain limitations, the qualification
and good standing of Citrix and Merger Sub, (ii) Citrix's and Merger Sub's
authority to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement and
the Transaction Option Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated thereby, (iii) the validity, binding effect and enforceability of
the Merger Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement and the Transaction Option
Agreement with respect to Citrix and Merger Sub, (iv) required consents and
approvals, (v) subject to certain limitations, the Merger Agreement's
compliance with the organizational documents and other agreements of Citrix
and Merger Sub and of laws applicable to the Merger Agreement, (vi) the
accuracy of the information supplied by Citrix or Merger Sub to Sequoia for
inclusion in the Schedule 14D-9, (vii) the availability of the funds necessary
for the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger,
(viii) the absence of arrangements for finders' fees (other than with Merrill
Lynch), and (ix) the absence of conditions, events, occurrences or litigation
that would prevent or materially delay Citrix's ability to consummate the
Offer or the Merger.

  Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, none of the representations
and warranties made in the Merger Agreement will survive after the Effective
Time.

  For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the terms "Material Adverse Change" or
"Material Adverse Effect" when used in connection with an entity means any
change, event, circumstance, occurrence or effect that either individually or
in the aggregate with all other such changes, effects, events and occurrences
is materially adverse to the business, properties, financial condition,
assets, including tangible assets, capitalization or results of operations of
such entity taken as a whole but shall exclude the effects of (i) any material
adverse change in Sequoia's results of operations for, or financial condition
in, any fiscal period prior to the closing of the Merger that is directly
attributable to a disruption in the conduct of Sequoia's business arising from
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the public
announcement thereof, (ii) changes in general economic conditions, or (iii)
changes affecting the industry generally in which Sequoia operates (provided
that such changes do not affect Sequoia in a substantially disproportionate
manner).

  CONDUCT OF SEQUOIA'S BUSINESS PENDING MERGER.  The Merger Agreement provides
that, during the period from March 20, 2001 to the Effective Time, except as
expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement, without the prior written
consent of Citrix, Sequoia will not, and will cause each of its subsidiaries
not to:

    (i) conduct the business of Sequoia and its subsidiaries other than in
  the ordinary course consistent with past practice, or fail to use
  reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organization and
  preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees
  and others with which it has business dealings;

    (ii) waive any stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the
  period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, reprice options
  granted under any employee, consultant, director or other stock plans or
  authorize cash payments in exchange for any options granted under any of
  such plans;

    (iii) grant any severance or termination pay to any director, officer or
  employee except pursuant to written agreements in effect, or policies
  existing, on the date of the Merger Agreement (or as required by applicable
  law), copies of which have been provided to Citrix, or adopt any new
  severance plan;

    (iv) enter into any licensing or other agreement with regard to the
  acquisition, distribution or licensing of any Sequoia intellectual property
  rights, or transfer or license to any person or entity, any Sequoia
  intellectual property rights, other than non-exclusive licenses,
  distribution or other similar agreements entered into in the ordinary
  course of business consistent with past practice; provided that any such
  license that has a value of $500,000 or more shall require the written
  consent of Citrix;

    (v) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
  distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in
  respect of any capital stock of Sequoia or split, combine or reclassify any
  capital stock of Sequoia or issue or authorize the issuance of any other
  securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital
  stock of Sequoia;

    (vi) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
  shares of capital stock of Sequoia or its subsidiaries, except certain
  repurchases in connection with the termination of employees;

    (vii) issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber any
  shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of
  capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any
  shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of
  capital stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments of any
  character obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible securities,
  other than certain issuances or sales pursuant to the exercise of
  outstanding Sequoia Options and pursuant to certain grants of Sequoia
  Options to newly hired employees in the ordinary course of business
  consistent with past practice;

    (viii) cause, permit or propose any amendments to Sequoia's articles of
  incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents of Sequoia's
  subsidiaries;

    (ix) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or, by
  purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any
  other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or
  other business organization or division thereof; or otherwise acquire or
  agree to acquire any

  assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the
  business of Sequoia or enter into any material joint ventures, strategic
  relationships or alliances;

    (x) sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of any properties
  or assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the
  business of Sequoia;

    (xi) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
  indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or
  options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of
  Sequoia, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any
  financial statement condition or enter into any arrangement having the
  economic effect of any of the foregoing, other than in the ordinary course
  of business consistent with past practice;

    (xii) except as required to comply with any legal requirement, adopt or
  amend any employee benefit plan or employee stock purchase or employee
  stock option plan, or enter into any employment contract or collective
  bargaining agreement, pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any
  director or employee, or increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe
  benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification) of its
  directors, officers, employees or consultants other than with respect to
  employees and consultants (other than officers) in the ordinary course of
  business consistent with past practice, or change any management policies
  or procedures;

    (xiii) make any material capital expenditures, except in accordance with
  the current Sequoia annual budget and plan, as previously disclosed to
  Citrix;

    (xiv) modify, amend or terminate certain Sequoia contracts to which
  Sequoia or any subsidiary thereof is a party or waive, release or assign
  any material rights or claims thereunder other than in the ordinary course
  of business consistent with past practice;

    (xv) revalue any of its assets or, except as required by GAAP, make any
  change in accounting methods, principles or practices;

    (xvi) change in any term from Sequoia's standard forms of licensing
  agreement;

    (xvii) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims (including claims of
  stockholders), indebtedness, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued,
  asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), except for the payment,
  discharge or satisfaction of liabilities, indebtedness or obligations in
  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or in
  accordance with their terms as in effect on the date hereof or waive,
  release, grant, or transfer any rights of material value or modify or
  change in any material respect any existing license, lease, contract or
  other document;

    (xviii) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions
  providing for or authorizing such a liquidation or a dissolution, merger,
  consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or reorganization;

    (ix) enter into or amend any collective bargaining agreement;

    (xx) settle or compromise any litigation (whether or not commenced prior
  to the date of this Agreement), other than settlements or compromises of
  litigation that do not provide for injunctive or similar relief and where
  the amount paid (after giving effect to insurance proceeds actually
  received) in settlement or compromise does not exceed $100,000, provided
  that the aggregate amount paid in connection with the settlement or
  compromise of all such litigation matters shall not exceed $500,000;

    (xxi) take any action that would materially delay the consummation of the
  transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

    (xxii) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
  practice, make or change any material tax election, amend any return or
  take any other action (or fail to take any other action) in respect of
  taxes, in each case, if such action (or failure to take action) would
  reasonably be expected to have the effect of increasing the tax liability
  of Citrix or any of its affiliates (including Sequoia and its subsidiaries)
  for periods ending on or after the Effective Time; or

    (xxiii) enter into any joint venture, partnership or other similar
  arrangement; or

    (xxiv) agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described
  in (i) through (xxiii) above.

  ACQUISITION PROPOSALS. (a) Sequoia has agreed in the Merger Agreement that
neither Sequoia nor any of its subsidiaries shall, nor shall Sequoia or any of
its subsidiaries authorize or permit any of its or their officers, directors,
employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, consultants or other
agents or advisors to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or
knowingly take any action to facilitate or encourage the submission or
announcement of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), (ii) enter into
or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any
information relating to Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries or afford access to
the business, properties, assets, books or records of Sequoia or any of its
subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist,
participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by any third party to do or
seek to make, or that has made an Acquisition Proposals, (iii) approve,
endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal or (iv) enter into any letter of
intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or commitment
contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

  (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the board of directors of Sequoia,
directly or indirectly through advisors, agents or other intermediaries, may
(i) engage in negotiations or discussions with any third party that has made
(and not withdrawn) a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that the board of
directors of Sequoia reasonably determines (after consultation with Sequoia's
financial advisor) constitutes, or in the case of a bona fide Acquisition
Proposal that provides that the consideration being offered to Sequoia's
stockholders is in the form of stock, could constitute, a Superior Proposal
(as defined below), (ii) furnish to such third party nonpublic information
relating to Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to a confidentiality
agreement with terms no less favorable to Sequoia than those contained in the
Non-Disclosure Agreement, (iii) take and disclose to its stockholders a
position contemplated by Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2(a) under the Exchange Act or
otherwise make disclosure to them, (iv) following receipt of such an
Acquisition Proposal, withdraw, modify in a manner adverse to Citrix, or fail
to make its recommendations to Sequoia's stockholders to accept the Offer,
approve the Merger and approve and adopt the Merger Agreement (if required),
and/or (v) take any action ordered to be taken by Sequoia by any court of
competent jurisdiction if, in each case (1) neither Sequoia nor any
representative of Sequoia and its subsidiaries shall have violated any of
these restrictions, (2) the board of directors of Sequoia determines in good
faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that it is necessary
for the board of directors to take such action in order to satisfy its
fiduciary obligations to Sequoia's stockholders under applicable law, (3)
prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to, or entering into any
such discussions with, such person or group, Sequoia gives Citrix written
notice of the identity of such person or group and all of the material terms
and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal and of Sequoia's intention to
furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions with, such person
or group, and Sequoia receives from such person or group an executed
confidentiality agreement containing terms at least as restrictive with regard
to Sequoia's confidential information as the Non-Disclosure Agreement, (4)
gives Citrix prompt advance notice of its intent to furnish such nonpublic
information or enter into such discussions (which notice shall in no event be
given less than one (1) business day prior to furnishing such information or
entering into such discussions), and (5) contemporaneously with furnishing any
such nonpublic information to such person or group, Sequoia furnishes such
nonpublic information to Citrix (to the extent such nonpublic information has
not been previously furnished by Sequoia to Citrix). Sequoia and its
subsidiaries agreed to immediately cease any and all existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with respect
to any Acquisition Proposal, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to
cause any such parties in possession of confidential information about Sequoia
that was furnished by or on behalf of Sequoia to return or destroy all such
information in the possession of any such party or in the possession of any
agent or advisor of any such party. Without limiting the foregoing, it is
understood that any violation of the restrictions set forth in the preceding
two sentences by any officer, director or employee of Sequoia or any of its
subsidiaries or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or
representative of Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a
breach of these provisions by Sequoia.

  (c) Sequoia shall also, as promptly as reasonably practicable, advise Citrix
orally and in writing of any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect
to or which Sequoia reasonably should believe would lead to

any Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such
Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the person or group
making any such Acquisition Proposal or inquiry. Sequoia also agreed to keep
Citrix informed as promptly as reasonably practicable of any amendments of any
such Acquisition Proposal or inquiry.

  "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide, unsolicited written Acquisition
Proposal for at least a majority of the outstanding Shares on terms that the
board of directors of Sequoia determines in good faith by a majority vote,
after consultation with its financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation and taking into account all the terms and conditions of the
Acquisition Proposal, are more favorable to Sequoia's stockholders than as
provided under the Merger Agreement.

  "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer or proposal by a third party, other
than Citrix, Merger Sub or any affiliate thereof, relating to: (i) any
acquisition or purchase from Sequoia by any person or "group" (as defined
under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder) of more than a 15% interest in the outstanding voting securities
of Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange offer
that if consummated would result in any person or "group" (as defined under
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder)
beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting securities of
Sequoia or any of its subsidiaries or any merger, consolidation, business
combination or similar transaction involving Sequoia pursuant to which the
stockholders of Sequoia immediately preceding such transaction would hold less
than 85% of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such
transaction; (ii) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of
business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
business), acquisition, or disposition of more than 15% of the consolidated
assets of Sequoia; (iii) any liquidation or dissolution of Sequoia or (iv) any
other transaction the consummation of which would or could reasonably be
expected to impede, interfere with, prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

  REASONABLE EFFORTS TO CONSUMMATE THE OFFER AND THE MERGER. The parties to
the Merger Agreement have agreed to use all reasonable efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist
and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and the Transaction Option Agreement, including using reasonable
efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts
necessary to cause the conditions precedent to the completion of the Offer and
consummation of the Merger to be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all
necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and
authorizations from governmental entities and the making of all necessary
registrations, declarations and filings and the taking of all reasonable steps
as may be necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action, investigation or
proceeding by any governmental entity, (iii) the obtaining of all necessary
consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, (iv) the delivery of a
notice with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
to each holder of a Sequoia Warrant pursuant to the applicable notice
provision of such Sequoia Warrant and in accordance with the terms thereof,
(v) the defending of any suits, claims, actions, investigations or
proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging the Merger
Agreement or the Transaction Option Agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby, including seeking to have any stay or
temporary restraining order entered by any court or other governmental entity
vacated or reversed and (vi) the execution or delivery of any additional
instruments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to
carry out fully the purposes of, the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in the Merger Agreement to the contrary, neither Citrix nor any of
its affiliates shall be under any obligation to make proposals, execute or
carry out agreements or submit to orders providing for the sale or other
disposition or holding separate of any assets or categories of assets of
Citrix, any of its affiliates or Sequoia or its subsidiaries or the holding
separate of Shares (or shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation) or
imposing or seeking to impose any limitation on the ability of Citrix or any
of its subsidiaries or affiliates to conduct their business or own such assets
or to acquire, hold or exercise full rights of ownership of the Shares (or
shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation), in each case, where such action
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Citrix.

  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS. The Merger Agreement provides that the employees of
Sequoia and its subsidiaries as of the Effective Time shall be provided with
employee benefits on terms no less favorable than those offered to similarly
situated employees of Citrix or its affiliates.

  ADDITIONAL COVENANTS. In addition to the covenants noted above, the parties
to the Merger Agreement have agreed to certain other covenants and agreements,
including with respect to (i) access by each party to the other party's
properties, books and records, and personnel (as limited by the provisions of
the Non-Disclosure Agreement), (ii) a proxy statement or special stockholders
meeting of Sequoia if Merger Sub acquires less than 90% of the Shares in the
Offer, (iii) the issuances of press releases and other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (iv)
notification of certain matters which may impede or prevent consummation of
the Offer or the Merger, and (v) cooperation relating to tax matters of
Sequoia and its subsidiaries.

  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF ALL PARTIES TO MERGER AGREEMENT. The respective
obligations of each of Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia to consummate the Merger
are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

    (a) if required by the MGCL, the Merger Agreement and the Merger shall
  have been approved and adopted by the stockholders of Sequoia;

    (b) Merger Sub shall have accepted for exchange and exchanged all of the
  Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer; and

    (c) no provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment,
  injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the Merger.

  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF MERGER SUB. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions
to Merger Sub's Obligations."

  INDEMNIFICATION; CONTINUANCE OF EXISTING INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS. In the
Merger Agreement, Citrix has agreed that for six (6) years after the Effective
Time, Citrix and the Surviving Corporation will indemnify and hold harmless
(including advancement of expenses) the current and former directors and
officers of Sequoia in respect of acts or omissions occurring on or prior to
the Effective Time to the extent provided in Sequoia articles of
incorporation, bylaws or similar organizational documents of subsidiaries;
provided that such indemnification shall be subject to any limitation imposed
from time to time under applicable law. Citrix will cause to be maintained for
a period of not less than six (6) years from the Effective Time a "tail"
directors and officers insurance and indemnification policy for Sequoia's
current and former directors' and officers' to the extent that it provides
coverage for events occurring prior to the Effective Time (the "D&O
Insurance") for all persons who are directors and officers of Sequoia on the
date of the Merger Agreement, so long as the annual premium therefor would not
be in excess of 150% of the amount per annum Sequoia paid in its last full
fiscal year, which amount has been disclosed to Citrix, on terms and
conditions substantially similar to the existing D&O Insurance. If the
existing D&O Insurance cannot be maintained, expires or is terminated or
canceled during such six-year period, Citrix will use reasonable efforts to
cause to be obtained as much D&O Insurance as can be obtained for the
remainder of such period for an annualized premium not in excess of 150% of
the amount per annum Sequoia paid in its last full fiscal year, on terms and
conditions substantially similar to the existing D&O Insurance.

  TERMINATION. The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned
at any time prior to the Effective Time (notwithstanding approval of the
Merger Agreement by the stockholders of Sequoia):

    (a) by mutual written agreement of Sequoia and Citrix; or

    (b) by either Sequoia or Citrix, if:

      (i) the Offer shall have expired or been terminated in accordance
    with the Merger Agreement without Citrix or Merger Sub having accepted
    for exchange any Shares pursuant to the Offer, provided that Citrix and
    Merger Sub shall not be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement if
    the Offer is terminated or expires without Shares having been accepted
    for exchange as a result of a breach by Citrix or Merger Sub of the
    Merger Agreement; or

      (ii) the Offer has not been consummated on or before June 30, 2001;
    provided, however, that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement
    shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any
    obligation under the Merger Agreement has been the principal cause of
    or resulted in the failure of the Offer to have been consummated on or
    before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a
    material breach of the Merger Agreement; or

      (iii) there shall be any applicable law or regulation that makes
    consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or any
    judgment, injunction, order or decree of any court or governmental body
    having competent jurisdiction enjoining Sequoia or Citrix from
    consummating the Merger is entered and such judgment, injunction,
    judgment or order shall have become final and nonappealable; or

      (iv) (A) any representation or warranty of the other party contained
    in the Merger Agreement or the Transaction Option Agreement (without
    giving effect to any "Material Adverse Effect", "materiality" or
    similar qualifications contained therein) shall be or have become
    inaccurate such that, individually or in the aggregate, such
    inaccuracies would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect on such other party, or (B) the other party fails to perform in
    any material respect any covenant contained in the Merger Agreement or
    the Transaction Option Agreement (without giving effect to any
    "Material Adverse Effect", "materiality" or similar qualifications
    contained therein); provided, however, that if such inaccuracy or
    failure to perform is capable of being cured by such other party within
    30 days following receipt by the terminating party of notice of such
    inaccuracy or failure to perform, the party wishing to terminate the
    Merger Agreement shall give such notice and may not terminate the
    Merger Agreement during such period, and if such inaccuracy or failure
    to perform is cured within such period, no such termination shall be
    permitted; or

    (c) by Citrix if a Triggering Event shall have occurred.

  A "Triggering Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if, prior to the time
at which Citrix or any of its subsidiaries has accepted for payment, and has
paid for, a number of Shares that satisfies the Minimum Tender Condition
pursuant to the Offer: (x)(i) Sequoia's board of directors or any committee
thereof shall have approved or recommended to Sequoia's stockholders any
Acquisition Proposal, (ii) Sequoia's board of directors or any committee
thereof shall for any reason have withdrawn or shall have amended or modified
in a manner adverse to Citrix its recommendations that the stockholders of
Sequoia accept the Offer, approve the Merger and approve and adopt the Merger
Agreement, or failed to reaffirm such recommendations on or before the second
(2nd) business day following the date on which an Acquisition Proposal shall
have been made; (iii) Sequoia shall have failed to include its recommendations
in the Offer documents or the Schedule 14D-9; or (iv) a tender or exchange
offer relating to 15% or more of the Shares shall have been commenced by a
person unaffiliated with Citrix and Sequoia shall not have sent to its
securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Act,
within five (5) business days after such tender or exchange offer is first
published, a statement disclosing that Sequoia recommends rejection of such
tender or exchange offer and (y) at the time of any such approval,
recommendation, withdrawal, modification, failure or tender or exchange offer,
(i) any representation or warranty of Sequoia or any Stockholder made in the
Stockholders Agreement shall be or have become inaccurate, or (ii) any
Stockholder shall have failed to perform any covenant contained in the
Stockholders Agreement, and such inaccuracy or failure, individually or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the
ability of Citrix or Merger Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement and the Transaction Option Agreement.

  The Merger Agreement provides that all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall be
paid by the party incurring such fees and expenses.

  AMENDMENTS, EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS. Subject to applicable law, the Merger
Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto by a written agreement signed
by all such parties. At any time prior to

the Effective Time, any party to the Merger Agreement may, to the extent
legally allowed (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties to the Merger Agreement, (b)
waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such
party contained in the Merger Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, and (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements
or conditions for the benefit of such party contained in the Merger Agreement.

The Stockholders Agreement

  Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Citrix
and Merger Sub entered into a Stockholders Agreement with Sequoia and Baker
Communications Fund, L.P., Anthem Capital, L.P., Flanders Language Valley
Fund, C.V.A., Anil Sethi, Marc E. Rubin, Richard C. Faint, Jr., Kenneth E.
Tighe, Mark A. Wesker, Gregory A. Heard and Jack F. Schuster and certain of
their affiliates and related trusts (together, the "Stockholders"). As of
March 20, 2001, the Stockholders held an aggregate of 17,187,553 Shares and,
based on information provided to Citrix by Sequoia, also held options,
warrants or other securities convertible into or exercisable on or before June
30, 2001 for an aggregate of 583,200 Shares.

  TENDER OF SHARES. Each Stockholder agreed to validly tender (and not to
withdraw) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Offer, not later
than the fifth (5th) business day after commencement of the Offer (i) all of
the Shares beneficially owned by him or it on the date of the Stockholders
Agreement, and (ii) any additional Shares after the date of the Stockholders
Agreement and prior to the termination of the Offer. The Stockholders
Agreement shall not be binding upon any Stockholder in the event that the
Merger Agreement shall be amended by the parties thereto to lower or change
the form of Offer Price.

  VOTING. Each Stockholder has agreed that, until the first to occur of the
Effective Time or termination of the Merger Agreement, such Stockholder will
vote all Shares beneficially owned by him or it (a) in favor of the Merger and
the Merger Agreement and in favor of any actions required in furtherance
thereof; (b) against any action or agreement that would result in a breach in
any respect of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other
obligation of Sequoia under the Merger Agreement or the Stockholders
Agreement; and (c) vote all Shares against (i) any action or agreement which
would impede, interfere with or attempt to discourage the Offer or the Merger,
(ii) any change in a majority of the persons who constitute the board of
directors of Sequoia, (iii) any change in the capitalization or dividend
policy of Sequoia, or (iv) any other material change in Sequoia's corporate
structure or business. Also, each Stockholder has granted a proxy to vote the
Shares beneficially owned by such Stockholder at any meeting of stockholders
or with respect to any action of the stockholders by written consent as set
forth above. The foregoing proxy revokes any prior proxy granted by the
Stockholders with respect to their Shares.

  RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER. No Stockholder shall, directly or indirectly: (i)
offer for sale, sell, transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise
dispose of, or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or
understanding with respect to or consent to the offer for sale, sale,
transfer, tender, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of, any
or all of such Stockholder's Shares or Sequoia Options or any interest
therein; (ii) grant any proxies or powers of attorney, deposit any Shares into
a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares; or
(iii) take any action that would make any representation or warranty of such
Stockholder contained in the Stockholders Agreement untrue or incorrect or
have the effect of preventing or disabling such Stockholder from performing
such Stockholder's obligations under the Stockholders Agreement.

  NO SOLICITATION. The Stockholders agreed not to, directly or indirectly,
solicit or respond to any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes any Acquisition Proposal.

  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Stockholders made customary
representations and warranties to Citrix, including with respect to (i) their
record or beneficial ownership of, and right to vote, the Shares, (ii) their
power and authority to execute and deliver the Stockholders Agreement without
obtaining third-

party consents, (iii) the noncontravention and nonviolation of the other
agreements of the Stockholders and of judgments, decrees, orders and laws
applicable to them, (iv) the valid, binding and enforceable effect of the
Stockholders Agreement, and (v) the Shares being free of all other liens,
claims, voting or disposition arrangements or other encumbrances.

The Transaction Option Agreement

  Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Citrix
and Sequoia entered into the Transaction Option Agreement pursuant to which
Sequoia granted Citrix an irrevocable option, exercisable after Citrix or
Merger Sub has purchased Shares pursuant to the Offer, to purchase up to 19.9%
of the total shares of Common Stock outstanding if, after giving effect to the
exercise of the option and as a result of such exercise, the number of Shares
then owned by Citrix and Merger Sub represents at least 90.1% of the Shares
outstanding on a fully-diluted basis. The Transaction Option Agreement will
terminate upon the earlier of the Effective Time or termination of the Merger
Agreement for any reason.

Employment Agreements

  In connection with the Merger Agreement, each of Richard C. Faint, Jr., Mark
A. Wesker and Paul Martin (each, an "Executive") entered into an employment
agreement with Citrix (each, an "Employment Agreement" and collectively, the
"Employment Agreements"). Employment under the Employment Agreements commences
on the completion of the Merger and continues for two years thereafter (the
"Employment Term"). Upon expiration of the Employment Agreements, each
Executive may continue his employment with Citrix on an "at-will" basis if
such Executive and Citrix mutually agree.

  The Employment Agreements provide for base salaries of $200,000, $200,000
and $150,000 per year, respectively, for Messrs. Faint, Wesker and Martin.
Each Executive is also eligible to participate in Citrix's standard benefit
plans, accrue paid vacation time and receive an annual target-based bonus and
additional bonus based upon mutually agreed upon performance goals. Subject to
the approval of the Compensation Committee of Citrix's board of directors,
each Executive will be granted an option to purchase Shares with an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of Citrix Common Stock as of the date of
grant and subject to a four-year vesting schedule.

  Citrix may terminate any of the Executives with or without cause. If
terminated without cause during the Employment Term, the terminated Executive
will be entitled to a continuation in payment of his base salary for the
remainder of the Employment Term (the "Severance Payment"). In addition, an
Executive is entitled to the Severance Payment if he terminates his employment
during the Employment Term because Citrix has materially breached the terms of
his Employment Agreement (and has not cured such breach within 30 days after
the Executive has provided Citrix with written notice of the breach). Citrix
will only be obligated to make the Severance Payment to a terminated Executive
if such Executive executes a release of claims.

  As a condition of employment with Citrix, each Executive has also agreed to
execute Citrix's standard Non-Solicitation, Non-Competition, Confidentiality
and Non-Disclosure Agreement.

  At the Effective Time, the Employment Agreements will replace the employment
agreements currently in effect between Sequoia and each of Messrs. Faint,
Wesker and Martin. The current employment agreements between Sequoia and each
of Messrs. Faint, Wesker and Martin are described in detail in the Information
Statement attached as Annex A to the Schedule 14D-9.

14. DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.

  For a discussion of the restrictions imposed by the Merger Agreement on the
ability of Sequoia and its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make
distributions, see Section 13, "The Transaction Documents--The Merger
Agreement--Conduct of Sequoia's Business Pending Merger."

15. CERTAIN CONDITIONS TO MERGER SUB'S OBLIGATIONS.

  Merger Sub shall not be obligated to accept for payment or, subject to Rule
14 e-l(c) under the Exchange Act, to pay for any Shares tendered, and may
postpone the acceptance for payment if, by the expiration of the Offer (a) the
Minimum Tender Condition is not satisfied, (b) any applicable waiting period
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall not have expired or been terminated
prior to the expiration of the Offer, or (c) before acceptance for payment of,
or payment for, Shares any of the following conditions shall have occurred and
be continuing:

    (i) there shall be instituted or pending any action, proceeding or claim
  brought by a governmental entity by or before any court or governmental,
  regulatory or administrative agency, authority or tribunal, domestic,
  foreign or supranational (other than actions, proceedings, applications or
  counterclaims filed or initiated by Merger Sub), which (A) seeks to
  challenge the acquisition by Merger Sub of the Shares, restrain, prohibit
  or delay the making or consummation of the Offer or the Merger, prohibit
  the performance of any of the contracts or other agreements entered into by
  Merger Sub or any of its affiliates in connection with the acquisition of
  Sequoia or the Shares, or obtain any material damages in connection with
  any of the foregoing, (B) seeks to make the purchase of or payment for,
  some or all of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Merger or otherwise,
  illegal, (C) seeks to impose or is reasonably likely to result in material
  limitations on the ability of Merger Sub or any of its affiliates to
  exercise full rights of ownership of the Shares purchased by them,
  including, without limitation, the right to vote the Shares purchased by
  them on all matters properly presented to the stockholders of Sequoia, or
  the right to vote any shares of capital stock of any subsidiary directly or
  indirectly owned by Sequoia, (D) is reasonably likely to result in a
  material diminution in the benefits expected to be derived by Citrix and
  Merger Sub as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Offer,
  including the Merger, or (E) seeks to impose voting, procedural, price or
  other requirements in addition to those under MGCL, DGCL and federal
  securities laws (each as in effect on the date of the Offer to Purchase) or
  any material condition to the Offer;

    (ii) there shall have been promulgated, enacted, entered, enforced or
  deemed applicable to the Offer or the Merger by any domestic, foreign or
  supranational government or any governmental, administrative or regulatory
  authority or agency or by any court or tribunal, domestic, foreign or
  supranational, any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order or
  injunction that, directly or indirectly, would be reasonably likely to
  result in any of the consequences referred to in clauses (A) through (E) of
  paragraph (i) above;

    (iii) there shall have occurred any general suspension of trading in, or
  limitation on prices for, securities on the Nasdaq National Market;

    (iv) the representations and warranties of Sequoia contained in the
  Merger Agreement or the Transaction Option Agreement (without giving effect
  to any "Material Adverse Effect", "materiality" or similar qualifications
  contained therein) shall not be true and correct as of the date of the
  expiration of the Offer as though made on and as of such date except (A)
  for changes specifically permitted by the Merger Agreement or the
  Transaction Option Agreement, (B) that those representations and warranties
  which address matters only as of a particular date shall remain true and
  correct as of such date and (C) for such failures to be true and correct as
  would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
  a Material Adverse Effect on Sequoia;

    (v) the obligations of Sequoia contained in the Merger Agreement or the
  Transaction Option Agreement (without giving effect to any "Material
  Adverse Effect", "materiality" or similar qualifications contained therein)
  shall not have been performed or complied with in all material respects by
  Sequoia;

    (vi) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with
  its terms; or

    (vii) Sequoia shall have entered into, or shall have publicly announced
  its intention to enter into, an agreement or agreement in principle with
  respect to any Acquisition Proposal (provided that a change in the
  recommendations of the board of directors of Sequoia that its stockholders
  accept the offer, approve the Merger and approve and adopt the Merger
  Agreement shall not, in and of itself, constitute the announcement of, or
  entry into, such an agreement).

16. CERTAIN REGULATORY AND LEGAL MATTERS.

  Except as described in this Section 16, based on a review of publicly
available filings made by Sequoia with the Commission and other publicly
available information concerning Sequoia, as well as certain representations
made to Citrix and Merger Sub in the Merger Agreement by Sequoia, neither
Citrix nor Merger Sub is aware of any material pending legal proceedings
relating to the Offer, nor of any regulatory requirements which must be
complied with or regulatory approvals which must be obtained in connection
with the Offer, in each case which would be material to a stockholder's
decision whether to sell, tender or hold Shares. Should compliance with any
such regulatory requirement or the obtaining of any such regulatory approval
be required, Citrix and Merger Sub currently contemplate that they would seek
to comply with such requirement or obtain such permit, except as described
below under "--State Takeover Laws," but Merger Sub does not presently intend
to delay the acceptance for payment of, or payment for, Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, subject,
however, to Merger Sub's right to decline to purchase Shares if any of the
Offer Conditions shall not have been satisfied. There can be no assurance
that, if necessary, any such requirement would be complied with or approval be
obtained, or would be complied with or obtained without substantial
conditions, or that adverse consequences might not result to Sequoia's
business or that certain parts of Sequoia's business might not have to be
disposed of if any such requirement was not complied with or approval
obtained, and in certain such events Merger Sub could decline to accept for
payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions
to Merger Sub's Obligations."

  STOCKHOLDER LITIGATION. Sequoia is not currently involved in any stockholder
litigation.

  ANTITRUST. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), the acquisition of
Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer may not be consummated unless
certain information has been furnished to the Anti-Trust Division of the
Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the FTC and certain
waiting period requirements have been satisfied. The rules under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Act require the filing of a Notification and Report Form (the
"Form") with the Antitrust Division and the FTC. The waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with respect to the Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.,
Washington, D.C. time, on the 15th day after the Form is filed, unless early
termination of the waiting period is granted. In addition, the Antitrust
Division or the FTC may extend such waiting period by requesting additional
information or documentary material. If such a request is made with respect to
the Offer, the waiting period related to the Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.,
Washington, D.C. time, on the 10th day after substantial compliance with such
request. With respect to each acquisition, the Antitrust Division or the FTC
may issue only one request for additional information. In practice, complying
with a request for additional information or material can take a significant
amount of time. Expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act is a condition to Merger Sub's obligation to accept
for payment and pay for Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer.

  The FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as Merger Sub's proposed acquisition
of Shares of Sequoia. At any time before or after Merger Sub's purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take
such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant
to the Offer or the consummation of the Merger or seeking the divestiture of
Shares acquired by Merger Sub or the divestiture of substantial assets of
Citrix or its subsidiaries, or of Sequoia or its subsidiaries. Private parties
may also bring legal action under the antitrust laws under certain
circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on
antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made, of the
results thereof.

  Merger Sub filed Forms with the Antitrust Division and the FTC and Sequoia
filed forms with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on or about March 28,
2001.

  FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD REGULATIONS. Federal Reserve Board Regulations T, U
and X place restrictions on the amount of credit that may be extended for the
purpose of purchasing margin stock (including

the Shares) if such credit is secured directly or indirectly by margin stock.
Because no borrowings secured by margin stock will be borrowed in order to
finance the Offer, Citrix and Merger Sub believe that such regulations are not
applicable to the Offer.

  STATE TAKEOVER LAWS. A number of states throughout the United States have
enacted takeover statutes that purport, in varying degrees, to be applicable
to attempts to acquire securities of corporations that are incorporated or
have assets, stockholders, executive offices or places of business in such
states. In Edgar v. Mite Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States held
that the Illinois Business Takeover Act, which involved state securities laws
that made the takeover of certain corporations more difficult, imposed a
substantial burden on interstate commerce and therefore was unconstitutional.
However, in 1987, in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of America, the Supreme Court
held that a state may, as a matter of corporate law and, in particular, with
respect to those laws concerning corporate governance, constitutionally
disqualify a potential acquirer from voting on the affairs of a target
corporation without prior approval of the remaining stockholders, provided
that such laws were applicable only under certain conditions. In that case,
the law of the State of Indiana before the Supreme Court was by its terms
applicable only to corporations that had a substantial number of stockholders
in the state and were incorporated there.

  Sequoia is incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland. In general,
Section 3-602 of the MGCL prevents an "interested stockholder" (defined
generally as a person who owns or has the right to acquire 10% or more of the
corporation's outstanding voting stock, or an affiliate or associate thereof)
from engaging in a "business combination" (defined to include a variety of
transactions, including mergers) with a Maryland corporation for five years
following the date such person became an interested stockholder unless, prior
to the date such person became an interested stockholder, the board of
directors of the corporation approved either the transaction in which the
interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or approved the
business combination. Prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement, the
board of directors of Sequoia approved the Offer, the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, determined that the terms of the Offer and the Merger are fair to,
and in the best interests of, Sequoia's stockholders, and recommended
acceptance of the Offer and approval of the Merger and the Merger Agreement by
the stockholders of Sequoia. Accordingly, Section 3-602 of the MGCL is not
applicable to the Offer and the Merger.

  In addition, in general, Section 3-701 of the MGCL provides that "control
shares" of a Maryland corporation acquired in a "control share acquisition"
have no voting rights unless approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes
entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquirer or
by the corporation's officers or directors who are employees of the
corporation. Control shares are shares of voting stock which, if aggregated
with all other shares of stock previously acquired, would entitle the acquirer
to exercise certain voting power in electing directors. Section 3-107(3)(2)(v)
of the MGCL provides that a "control share acquisition" does not include an
acquisition of shares under a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the
corporation is a party to the transaction, or if the acquisition is previously
approved or exempted by a provision in the charter or bylaws of the
corporation. The board of directors of Sequoia amended Sequoia's bylaws to
exempt the Offer, the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and the Transaction Option Agreement from the provisions of this
statute.

  Sequoia, directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in a number of
states throughout the United States, some of which have enacted takeover laws.
Merger Sub does not know whether the takeover laws of any state, other than
Section 3-602 and 3-701 of the MGCL, will, by their terms, apply to the Offer
or the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
or the Transaction Option Agreement, and neither Citrix nor Merger Sub has
attempted to comply with any such laws other than Section 3-602 and 3-701 of
the MGCL. If any other such laws are so applicable, Citrix and Sequoia have
agreed, in the Merger Agreement, that they and their respective board of
directors will grant such approvals and take such lawful actions as are
necessary so that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as
practicable on the terms contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transaction
Option Agreement, the Offer and the Merger and otherwise act to eliminate or
minimize the effects of such statute or regulation on such transactions.
Subject to that requirement under the Merger Agreement, should any person seek
to apply any state takeover law, Merger Sub reserves the

right to take such action as then appears desirable, which may include
challenging the validity or applicability of any such statute in appropriate
court proceedings, and nothing in this Offer to Purchase or any action taken
in connection with the Offer or the Merger is intended as a waiver of such
right. If it is asserted that the takeover laws of any state are applicable to
the Offer or the Merger, and an appropriate court does not determine that it
is inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer or the Merger, Merger Sub
might be required to file certain information with, or receive approvals from,
the relevant state authorities. In addition, Merger Sub might be unable
(pursuant to such laws or an injunction ordered thereunder) to accept for
payment, or pay for, any Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, or might be
delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer and the Merger. In such case,
Merger Sub may not be obligated to accept for payment, or pay for, any Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer. See Section 15, "Certain Conditions to Merger
Sub's Obligations."

17. FEES AND EXPENSES.

  Except as described in this Section 17, neither Merger Sub nor Citrix (i)
will pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or other person for
soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer or (ii) has directly or
indirectly employed, retained or agreed to compensate any person to make
solicitations or recommendations in connection with the Offer. Brokers,
dealers, commercial banks and trust companies will, upon request, be
reimbursed by Merger Sub for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred
by them in forwarding material to their customers.

  Merrill Lynch has provided certain financial advisory services to Citrix in
connection with the proposed acquisition of Sequoia. Citrix has agreed to pay
to Merrill Lynch reasonable and customary compensation for its services and to
reimburse it for its out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the Offer. In
addition, Citrix has agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and certain related
persons against certain liabilities and expenses, including, without
limitation, certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

  Citrix has retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated as Information Agent and HSBC
Bank USA as Depositary in connection with the Offer. The Information Agent and
the Depositary will receive reasonable and customary compensation for their
services and reimbursement for their out-of-pocket expenses in the Offer. The
Depositary and the Information Agent will also be indemnified by Merger Sub
against certain liabilities and expenses in connection with the Offer,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

18. MISCELLANEOUS.

  Neither Citrix nor Merger Sub is aware of any jurisdiction in which the
making of the Offer or the tender of Shares in connection therewith would be
prohibited by administrative or judicial action pursuant to any valid state
statute. If Citrix or Merger Sub becomes aware of any valid state statute
prohibiting the making of the Offer or the acceptance of Shares pursuant
thereto in such state, Merger Sub will make a good faith effort to comply with
such statute. If, after such good faith effort, Merger Sub cannot comply with
any such statute, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted
from or on behalf of) the holders of Shares in such state. In any jurisdiction
where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a
licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of
Merger Sub by one or more registered brokers or dealers which are licensed
under the laws of such jurisdiction.

  No person has been authorized to give any information or make any
representation on behalf of Citrix or Merger Sub other than as contained in
this Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal, and, if any such
information or representation is given or made, it should not be relied upon
as having been authorized by Merger Sub or Citrix. Neither the delivery of
this Offer to Purchase nor any purchase pursuant to the Offer shall, under any
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the
affairs of Citrix or Sequoia since the date as of which information is
furnished or the date of this Offer to Purchase.

  Citrix and Merger Sub have filed with the Commission the Schedule TO
pursuant to Section 14(d)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14d3(a)(1)
thereunder, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the
Offer.

In addition, Sequoia has filed with the Commission the Schedule 14D-9 pursuant
to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, setting forth its recommendation with
respect to the Offer and the reasons for such recommendation and furnishing
certain additional related information. Such schedules and any amendments
thereto, including exhibits, should be available for inspection and copies
should be obtainable at the same places and in the same manner as set forth
with respect to Sequoia in Section 8, "Certain Information Concerning Sequoia"
(except that they may not be available at the regional offices of the
Commission).

                                          SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.

March 28, 2001

                                    ANNEX I

                       DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
                           OF CITRIX AND MERGER SUB

  The names and ages of the directors, managers and executive officers of
Citrix and Merger Sub, and their present principal occupations or employment
and five-year employment history, are set forth below. Unless otherwise
indicated, each individual is a citizen of the United States and has been
employed by Citrix or Merger Sub, as the case may be, for the last five years.
Except as otherwise noted, the directors and executive officers of Citrix and
Merger Sub have a business address of 6400 N.W. 6th Way, Fort Lauderdale,
Florida 33309, with a business telephone number of (954) 267-3000.

                                    CITRIX

                                                       Present Principal Occupation, or
                                                  Employment with Citrix; Material Positions
                                                                     Held
 Name and Age                                             During the Past Five Years
 ------------                                   ---------------------------------------------

 Mark B. Templeton (48)                         President since January 1998; Director since
                                                May 1998; Chief Executive Officer from
                                                January 1999 to June 2000; Vice President,
                                                Marketing from June 1995 to January 1998;
                                                Group Director, Corporate Marketing, UB
                                                Networks, Inc. (formerly Ungermann-Bass,
                                                Inc.) from April 1994 to June 1995.

 Roger W. Roberts (56)                          Chairman and Chief Operating Officer since
                                                June 2000; Director since June 1990; Chief
                                                Executive Officer from June 1990 to December
                                                1998; President from June 1990 to January
                                                1998.

 John P. Cunningham (63)                        Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice
                                                President, Finance and Administration,
                                                Treasurer and Assistant Secretary since
                                                November 1999; Executive Vice President and
                                                Chief Financial Officer, Getronics NV
                                                (formerly Wang Global) from 1998 to 1999;
                                                Chief Financial Officer, Whirlpool
                                                Corporation from 1996 to 1998; Director,
                                                Baltimore Technologies plc.

 John C. Burris (46)                            Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and
                                                Customer Services since January 2001; Senior
                                                Vice President, Worldwide Customer Services
                                                from July 1999 to January 2001; Vice
                                                President and General Manager of the Gulf
                                                States Region, Lucent Technologies from 1996
                                                to 1999.

 David A.G. Jones (46)                          Senior Vice President, Corporate Development
                                                since January 2001; Senior Vice President,
                                                Worldwide Sales from April 1999 to January
                                                2001; Vice President, International since
                                                October 1998; President, The Vision Factory,
                                                Inc. from 1997 to 1998; Vice President,
                                                International of mFactory Inc. from 1996 to
                                                1997.

 Scott Kinnear (42)                             Vice President, Worldwide Product Development
                                                since May 2000; Vice President, Windows
                                                Application Server Products from April 1999
                                                to May 2000; Various engineering and
                                                operations positions from September 1989 to
                                                April 1999.

                                     - I -

                                                       Present Principal Occupation, or
                                                  Employment with Citrix; Material Positions
                                                                     Held
 Name and Age                                             During the Past Five Years
 ------------                                   ---------------------------------------------

 Leslie A. Pendergrast (39)                     Vice President, Human Resources since April
                                                1999; Director, Human Resources from October
                                                1996 to April 1999; Manager, Human Resources,
                                                Certified Vacations from 1995 to 1996.

 David D. Urbani (55)                           Vice President, Controller since March 2000;
                                                Vice President and Treasurer, Maytag
                                                Corporation from 1995 to 2000.

 David Weiss (40)                               Vice President, Worldwide Marketing since
                                                June 2000; Vice President, Product Strategy
                                                from April 1999 to June 2000; Director,
                                                Marketing from 1995 to 1999.

 Kevin R. Compton (42)                          Director since 1991; General Partner, Kleiner
                                                Perkins Caufield & Byers since 1990;
                                                Director, OneWorld Systems, Digital
                                                Generations Systems, Corsair Communications,
                                                VeriSign and several privately-held
                                                companies.

 Stephen M. Dow (45)                            Director since 1989; General Partner, Sevin
                                                Rosen Funds since 1983; Director, several
                                                privately-held companies.

 Robert N. Goldman (51)                         Director since 1995; President and Chief
                                                Executive Officer, eXcelon Corporation
                                                (formerly known as Object Design, Inc.) since
                                                November 1995; Director, NetGenesis
                                                Corporation and several privately-held
                                                companies.

 John W. White (62)                             Director of the Corporation since 1998; Vice
                                                President and Chief Information Officer,
                                                Compaq Computer Corporation from March 1994
                                                to August 1998; Director, Metasolv Software.

 Tyrone F. Pike (46)                            Director of the Corporation since 1993; CEO,
                                                President and Chairman, VPNX.com, Inc.
                                                (formerly known as SwitchSoft Systems, Inc.);
                                                Senior Vice President and Chief Technical
                                                Officer, UB Networks, Inc. from April 1995 to
                                                August 1996; Director, Kaspia Systems, Inc.
                                                and Puma Technology.

                                     - II -

                                   MERGER SUB

                                                       Present Principal Occupation, or
                                                  Employment with Citrix; Material Positions
                                                                     Held
 Name and Age                                             During the Past Five Years
 ------------                                   ---------------------------------------------

 John P. Cunningham (63)                        Director, President and Chief Executive
                                                Officer since incorporation of Merger Sub.
                                                See also description above.

 David D. Urbani (55)                           Director since incorporation of Merger Sub.
                                                See also description above.

 Daniel P. Roy (41)                             Vice President since incorporation of Merger
                                                Sub. Vice President, General Counsel and
                                                Secretary of Citrix since 1997; previously,
                                                General Counsel, Multimedia Marketing &
                                                Design and attorney at Coffield Ungaretti &
                                                Harris.

                                    - III -

EX-99.2

0003.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(B) - LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(B)
                             Letter of Transmittal
                        To Tender Shares of Common Stock
                                       of
                          SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION
                       Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase
                              Dated March 28, 2001
                                       by
                         SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.
                          a wholly owned subsidiary of
                              CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
              TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2001, UNLESS EXTENDED.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 HSBC BANK USA

        By Mail:             By Hand in New York:     By Hand/Overnight Courier:

      HSBC Bank USA              HSBC Bank USA              HSBC Bank USA
    Issuer Services            Issuer Services             Issuer Services
    One Hanson Place           One Hanson Place            One Hanson Place
      Lower Level                Lower Level                 Lower Level
   Brooklyn, NY 11243         Brooklyn, NY 11243          Brooklyn, NY 11243

                           By Facsimile Transmission:
                                 (718) 488-4488

              To Confirm Receipt of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
                                 (718) 488-4475

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Certificate(s)
                                                         for Shares
                                                          Tendered
 Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered                     (Attach
  Holder(s) (Please fill in, if blank,                    additional
      exactly as name(s) appear(s)                         list if
         on the Certificate(s))                           necessary)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Number
                                                   of Shares         Number
                                   Certificate  Represented By      of Shares
                                     Number(s)  Certificate(s)*    Tendered**
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             -----------------------------------
                                 Total Shares
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 * Need not be completed by Stockholders tendering by book-entry transfer.
 ** Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares
    represented by any Certificates delivered to HSBC are being tendered.
    See Instruction 4.

  THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

  This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by holders of Shares (as
defined below) of Sequoia Software Corporation (the "Stockholders") if
certificates evidencing Shares ("Certificates") are to be forwarded herewith
or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to
Purchase (as defined below)) is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made
by book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the depositary for the
Offer, HSBC Bank USA ("HSBC"), at The Depository Trust Company ("DTC")
pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.
Delivery of documents to DTC does not constitute delivery to HSBC.

  Stockholders whose Certificates are not immediately available or who cannot
deliver their Certificates for, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in
Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) with respect to, their Shares and all
other required documents to HSBC prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in
Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase) must tender their Shares according to the
guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase. See Instruction 2 hereof.

[_]CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
   MADE TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY HSBC WITH DTC, AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING.
   (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN DTC MAY DELIVER SHARES BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER.)

  Name of Tendering Institution:
  Account No.:
  Transaction Code No.:

[_]CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
   GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO HSBC AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

  Name(s) of Tendering Stockholder(s):
  Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
  Window Ticket Number (if any):
  Name of Institution which Guaranteed Delivery:
  If delivery is by book-entry transfer:

  Name of Tendering Institution:
  Account No.:
  Transaction Code No:

  IF CERTIFICATES HAVE BEEN LOST OR DESTROYED, SEE INSTRUCTION 11.

  DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH
ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE THEREFOR PROVIDED BELOW AND COMPLETE THE
SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU ARE A NON-U.S. PERSON, YOU MUST
COMPLETE AN APPROPRIATE FORM W-8 AND DELIVER AN EXECUTED COPY OF THAT FORM TO
HSBC. COPIES OF THESE FORMS MAY BE OBTAINED FROM HSBC.

                   NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.
                    PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

  The undersigned hereby tenders to Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Citrix"), the above-described shares of Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share (individually, a "Share," and collectively,
"Shares"), of Sequoia Software Corporation, a Maryland corporation
("Sequoia"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer to Purchase, dated March 28, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of Transmittal (which
together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto
collectively constitute the "Offer"). The Offer is being made in connection
with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 20, 2001, among
Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia (the "Merger Agreement").

  Subject to, and effective upon, acceptance for payment of, or payment for,
Shares tendered herewith in accordance with the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms or conditions of any such extension or amendment), the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or upon the order of, Merger Sub all
right, title and interest in and to all of the Shares that are being tendered
hereby and any and all other Shares or other securities issued or issuable in
respect of such Shares on or after March 20, 2001 (a "Distribution"), and
constitutes and appoints HSBC the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact
of the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and any Distributions), with
full power of substitution (such power of attorney being deemed to be an
irrevocable power coupled with an interest), to (i) deliver Certificates
evidencing such Shares (and any Distributions), or transfer ownership of such
Shares (and any Distributions) on the account books maintained by DTC
together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and
authenticity to, or upon the order of, Merger Sub, upon receipt by HSBC, as
the undersigned's agent, of the purchase price with respect to such Shares,
(ii) present such Shares (and any Distributions) for transfer on the books of
Sequoia and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of
beneficial ownership of such Shares (and any Distributions), all in accordance
with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer.

  The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints John P. Cunningham and Daniel P.
Roy (the "Designees"), each designees of Merger Sub, as the attorney-in-fact
and proxy of the undersigned, each with full power of substitution, to the
full extent of the undersigned's rights with respect to all Shares tendered
hereby and accepted for payment and paid for by Merger Sub (and any
Distributions), including, without limitation, the right to vote such Shares
(and any Distributions) in such manner as each such attorney and proxy or his
substitute shall, in his reasonable discretion, deem proper. All such powers
of attorney and proxies, being deemed to be irrevocable, shall be considered
coupled with an interest in the Shares tendered herewith. Such appointment
will be effective when, and only to the extent that, Merger Sub accepts such
Shares for payment. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior powers of
attorney and proxies given by the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and
any Distributions) will be revoked, without further action, and no subsequent
powers of attorney and proxies may be given (and, if given, will be deemed
ineffective). The Designees will, with respect to the Shares (and any
Distributions) for which such appointment is effective, be empowered to
exercise all voting and other rights of the undersigned as they in their
reasonable discretion may deem proper. Merger Sub reserves the absolute right
to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed validly tendered,
immediately upon the acceptance for payment of such Shares, Merger Sub or its
designees are able to exercise full voting rights with respect to such Shares
(and any Distributions).

  All authority conferred or agreed to be conferred in this Letter of
Transmittal shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors,
administrators and legal representatives of the undersigned and shall not be
affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned.
Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable.

  The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has full
power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered
hereby (and any Distributions) and that, when the same are accepted for
payment and paid for by Merger Sub, Merger Sub will acquire good, marketable
and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions,
charges and encumbrances including irrevocable proxies, and that the Shares
tendered hereby (and any Distributions) will not be subject to any adverse
claim. The undersigned, upon request, will execute and deliver any additional
documents deemed by HSBC or Merger Sub to be necessary or desirable to
complete the sale, assignment and

transfer of Shares tendered hereby (and any Distributions). In addition, the
undersigned shall promptly remit and transfer to HSBC, for the account of
Merger Sub, all Distributions issued to the undersigned on or after March 20,
2001, in respect of the Shares tendered hereby, accompanied by appropriate
documentation of transfer; and pending such remittance and transfer or
appropriate assurance thereof, Merger Sub shall be entitled to all rights and
privileges as owner of any such Distributions and may withhold the entire
purchase price or deduct from the purchase price the amount of value thereof,
as determined by Merger Sub in its reasonable discretion.

  The undersigned understands that Merger Sub's acceptance for payment of any
Shares tendered hereby will constitute a binding agreement between the
undersigned and Merger Sub with respect to such Shares upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer.

  The undersigned recognizes that, under certain circumstances set forth in
the Offer to Purchase, Merger Sub may not be required to accept for payment
any of the Shares tendered hereby.

  Unless otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions,"
please issue the check for the purchase price and return any Certificates
evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment in the name(s) of
the registered holder(s) appearing under "Description of Shares Tendered."
Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under "Special Delivery Instructions,"
please mail the check for the purchase price and return any Certificates
evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment (and accompanying
documents, as appropriate) to the address(es) of the registered holder(s)
appearing under "Description of Shares Tendered." In the event that both the
"Special Payment Instructions" and the "Special Delivery Instructions" are
completed, please issue the check and return any such Certificates evidencing
Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment in the name(s) of, and deliver
such check and return such Certificates to, the person(s) so indicated. Unless
otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions," in the case
of a book-entry delivery of Shares, please credit the account maintained at
DTC with respect to any Shares not accepted for payment. The undersigned
recognizes that Merger Sub has no obligation pursuant to the "Special Payment
Instructions" to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered holder
thereof if Merger Sub does not accept for payment any of the Shares tendered
hereby.

 SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS              SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
  (See Instructions 1, 4, 5, 6 AND 7)       (See Instructions 1, 4, 5, 6 AND 7)

  To be completed ONLY if Certifi-          To be completed ONLY if Certifi-
 cates not tendered or not ac-             cates not tendered or not ac-
 cepted for payment and the check          cepted for payment and the check
 for the purchase price of Shares          for the purchase price of Shares
 accepted for payment are to be            accepted for payment are to be
 issued in the name of someone             sent to someone other than the
 other than the undersigned, or if         undersigned at an address other
 Shares delivered by book-entry            than that shown above.
 transfer that are not accepted
 for payment are to be returned by         Mail: Check and Certificate(s)
 credit to an account maintained           to:
 at DTC, other than to the account
 indicated above.                          Name _____________________________
                                                     (Please Print)
 Issue: Check and Certificate(s)
 to:                                       Address __________________________

 Name(s) __________________________        __________________________________
           (Please Print)
                                           __________________________________
 Address __________________________                    (Zip Code)

 __________________________________        __________________________________
                                              (Taxpayer Identification or
 __________________________________               Social Security No.)
             (Zip Code)
                                           (Also Complete Substitute Form W-9)
 __________________________________
(Taxpayer Identification or
        Social Security No.)

(Also Complete Substitute Form W-9)

                                   SIGN HERE
                      (Also Complete Substitute Form W-9)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Signature(s) of Stockholder(s)

Dated: ______________,2001

(Must be signed by the registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on the
stock certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s)
authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents
transmitted herewith. If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator,
guardian, attorney-in-fact, agent, officer of a corporation or other person
acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth full title
and see Instruction 5.)

Name(s) ________________________________________________________________________

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (Please Print)

Capacity (Full Title) __________________________________________________________

Address ________________________________________________________________________

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Include Zip Code)

Daytime Area Code and Telephone Number _________________________________________

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number ______________________________
                                                     (See Substitute Form W-9)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                           (See Instructions 1 and 5)

                    FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY.
                    PLEASE PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE BELOW.

Authorized Signature(s) ________________________________________________________

Name ___________________________________________________________________________

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (Please Print)

Name of Firm ___________________________________________________________________
                               (Include Zip Code)

Area Code and Telephone Number _________________________________________________

Dated: _________________________________________________________________________

                                 INSTRUCTIONS
             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

  1. GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURES. No signature guarantee is required on this
Letter of Transmittal if the Shares tendered thereby are tendered (i) by the
registered holder of Shares (which term, for such purposes, includes DTC if
its name appears on a security position listing as the owner of the Shares)
who has not completed the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" herein
or (ii) for the account of a member firm of a registered national securities
exchange (registered under Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "Exchange Act")), by a member firm of the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc., by a commercial bank or trust company having an
office or correspondent in the United States or by any other "Eligible
Guarantor Institution," as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act
(collectively, "Eligible Institutions"). In all other cases, all signatures on
this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If
the Certificates evidencing Shares are registered in the name of a person or
persons other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is
to be made, or Certificates for unpurchased Shares are to be issued, to a
person other than the registered owner or owners, then the tendered
Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by duly executed instruments of
transfer (such as stock powers), in either case signed exactly as the name or
names of the registered owner or owners appear on the Certificates, with the
signatures on the Certificates or stock powers guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution as provided herein. See Instruction 5.

  2. REQUIREMENTS OF TENDER. This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by
Stockholders if Certificates evidencing Shares are to be forwarded herewith
or, unless an Agent's Message is utilized, if delivery of Shares is to be made
pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of
the Offer to Purchase. For a Stockholder to validly tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer, either (a) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required
signature guarantees and any other required documents, or an Agent's Message
in the case of a book-entry delivery, must be received by HSBC at one of its
addresses set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date and either (i)
Certificates for tendered Shares must be received by HSBC at one of such
addresses prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) Shares must be delivered
pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 of
the Offer to Purchase and a Book-Entry Confirmation must be received by HSBC
prior to the Expiration Date or (b) the tendering Stockholder must comply with
the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below and in Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase.

  Stockholders whose Certificates are not immediately available or who cannot
deliver their Certificates and all other required documents to HSBC or
complete the procedures for book-entry transfer prior to the Expiration Date
may tender their Shares by properly completing and duly executing a Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth
in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such procedure: (i) such
tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution, (ii) a properly
completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in
the form made available by Merger Sub, must be received by HSBC prior to the
Expiration Date, and (iii) the Certificates representing all tendered Shares,
in proper form for transfer, or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to all
tendered Shares, together with a Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed
facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees and any other documents required by this Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by HSBC within three NASDAQ National Market
trading days after the date of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. If
Certificates are forwarded separately to HSBC, a properly completed and duly
executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) must
accompany each such delivery.

  The method of delivery of Certificates, this Letter of Transmittal and any
other required documents, including delivery through the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase), is at the option
and sole risk of the tendering Stockholder and the delivery will be deemed
made only when actually received by HSBC. If delivery is by mail, registered
mail with return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all
cases, sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

  No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted. All
tendering Stockholders, by execution of this Letter of Transmittal (or a
manually signed facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive any notice of
the acceptance of their Shares for payment.

  3. INADEQUATE SPACE. If the space provided herein is inadequate, the
information required under "Description of Shares Tendered" should be listed
on a separate signed schedule attached hereto.

  4. PARTIAL TENDERS (NOT APPLICABLE TO STOCKHOLDERS WHO TENDER BY BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER). If less than all of the Shares represented by any Certificates
delivered to HSBC herewith is to be tendered hereby, fill in the number of
Shares which are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered." In such case, a new Certificate for the remainder of the Shares
that were evidenced by the old Certificates will be sent, without expense, to
the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, unless otherwise provided in
the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" or the box entitled "Special
Delivery Instructions" on this Letter of Transmittal, as soon as practicable
after the Expiration Date. All Shares represented by Certificate(s) delivered
to HSBC will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise indicated.

  5. SIGNATURES ON LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL, INSTRUMENTS OF TRANSFER AND
ENDORSEMENTS. If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered
holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond
exactly with the name(s) as written on the face of the Certificates without
alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever.

  If any of the Shares tendered hereby are owned of record by two or more
joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

  If any of the tendered Shares are registered in different names on several
Certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many
separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of
Certificates. To obtain additional Letters of Transmittal, you may either make
a photocopy of this Letter of Transmittal or call Innisfree M&A Incorporated,
the Information Agent, at (888) 750-5834.

  If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares listed and transmitted hereby, no endorsements of Certificates or
separate instruments of transfer are required unless payment is to be made, or
Certificates not tendered or not purchased are to be issued or returned, to a
person other than the registered holder(s).

  If this Letter of Transmittal or any Certificates or instruments of transfer
are signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or
representative capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and
proper evidence satisfactory to Merger Sub of such person's authority to so
act must be submitted.

  If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares evidenced by the Certificates listed and
transmitted hereby, or if payment is to be made, or Certificates not tendered
or not purchased are to be issued to a person other than the registered
holder(s), the Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate
instruments of transfer, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the
registered holder(s) appear(s) on the Certificates. Signature(s) on such
Certificates and such endorsements or instruments of transfer must be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

  6. TRANSFER TAXES. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, each
Stockholder will be required to pay any transfer taxes arising in connection
with the transfer of Shares to Merger Sub. Merger Sub may deduct from the
purchase price the applicable amount of transfer taxes unless satisfactory
evidence of the payment of such taxes (such as the affixing of transfer tax
stamps to the Certificates) or exemption therefrom is submitted herewith.

  7. SPECIAL PAYMENT AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS. If a check and Certificates
for unpurchased Shares are to be issued in the name of a person other than the
signer of this Letter of Transmittal or if a check is to be sent and such
Certificates are to be returned to someone other than the signer of this
Letter of Transmittal or to an address other than that shown above, the
appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal should be completed. If any
tendered Shares are not purchased for any reason and such Shares are delivered
by book-entry transfer to DTC, such Shares will be credited to an account
maintained at DTC.

  8. REQUESTS FOR ASSISTANCE OR ADDITIONAL COPIES. Questions and requests for
assistance may be directed to the Information Agent at its address or
telephone number set forth below and requests for additional copies of the
Offer to Purchase, this Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery may be directed to the Information Agent or brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies and such materials will be furnished at
Merger Sub's expense.

  9. WAIVER OF CONDITIONS. The conditions of the Offer may be waived by Merger
Sub, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at Merger Sub's
reasonable discretion, subject to the terms of the Offer and the Merger
Agreement.

  10. BACKUP WITHHOLDING TAX. Each tendering Stockholder is required to
provide HSBC with a correct Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN") on
Substitute Form W-9, which is provided under "Important Tax Information"
below, or to establish another basis for exemption from backup withholding.
Failure to provide the information on the Substitute Form W-9 or establish
another exemption may subject the tendering Stockholder to 31% federal income
tax backup withholding on the payment of the purchase price for the Shares.
The tendering Stockholder should indicate in the box in Part III of the
Substitute Form W-9 if the tendering Stockholder has not been issued a TIN and
has applied for or intends to apply for a TIN in the near future, in which
case the tendering Stockholder should complete the Certificate of Awaiting
Taxpayer Identification Number provided below. If the Stockholder has
indicated in the box in Part III that a TIN has been applied for and HSBC is
not provided a TIN within 60 days, HSBC will withhold 31% of all payments of
the purchase price, if any, made thereafter pursuant to the Offer until a TIN
is provided to HSBC.

  Certain foreign Stockholders will be required to establish an exemption from
backup withholding by submitting an appropriate Form W-8, signed under
penalties of perjury.

  11. LOST OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate representing Shares
has been lost or destroyed, the holder(s) should promptly notify HSBC Bank
USA, in its capacity as transfer agent for the Shares (telephone number:
(800) 662-9844. The holder(s) will then be instructed as to the procedure to
be followed in order to replace such Certificates. This Letter of Transmittal
and related documents cannot be processed until the procedures for replacing
lost or destroyed Certificates have been followed and a new Certificate has
been issued.

  IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (TOGETHER WITH CERTIFICATES OR A BOOK-
ENTRY CONFIRMATION FOR SHARES AND ANY OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS) MUST BE
RECEIVED BY HSBC, OR A NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY MUST BE RECEIVED BY HSBC,
PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE.

                           IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION

  Each tendering Stockholder whose tendered Shares are accepted for payment is
required to provide HSBC (as payor) with such Stockholder's correct TIN on
Substitute Form W-9, a copy of which is provided below, or establish another
exemption from backup withholding. If such Stockholder is an individual, the
TIN is generally his social security number. If the tendering Stockholder has
not been issued a TIN and has applied for a number or intends to apply for a
number in the near future, such Stockholder should so indicate on the
Substitute Form W-9 and should complete the Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer
Identification Number provided below. See Instruction 10. If HSBC is not
provided with the correct TIN, the Stockholder may be subject to a penalty
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service and payments that are made to such
Stockholder with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer may be
subject to backup withholding.

  Certain Stockholders (including among others, all corporations and certain
foreign Stockholders) are not subject to these backup withholding and
reporting requirements. In order for a foreign Stockholder to qualify as an
exempt recipient, that Stockholder must submit the appropriate Form W-8,
signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that individual Stockholder's
exempt status. The appropriate Form W-8 can be obtained from HSBC. Other
exempt holders should complete Substitute Form W-9 in the manner indicated.
See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional instructions.

  If backup withholding applies, HSBC is required to withhold 31% of any
payments made to the Stockholder. Backup withholding is not an additional tax.
Rather, the tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be
reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an
overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained from the Internal Revenue
Service.

Purpose of Substitute Form W-9

  To prevent federal income tax backup withholding with respect to payment of
the purchase price for Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, a Stockholder
must provide HSBC with such Stockholder's correct TIN by completing the
Substitute Form W-9 below, certifying that the TIN provided on Substitute Form
W-9 is correct (or that such Stockholder is awaiting a TIN) and that (1) such
Stockholder is exempt from backup withholding, (2) such Stockholder has not
been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that he is subject to backup
withholding as a result of failure to report all interest or dividends or (3)
the Internal Revenue Service has notified the Stockholder that he is no longer
subject to backup withholding.

What Number to Give HSBC

  The Stockholder is required to give HSBC the TIN (e.g., social security
number or employer identification number) of the record holder of the Shares
tendered hereby. If the Shares are in more than one name or are not in the
name of the actual owner, consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 for additional guidance
on which number to report.

                          PAYOR'S NAME: HSBC Bank USA

                        Part I--PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR    ----------------------
                        TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND    Social security number
 SUBSTITUTE             CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND                   OR
 Form W-9               DATING BELOW.                  ----------------------
                                                       Taxpayer identification
 Department of                                                 number
 the Treasury          --------------------------------------------------------
 Internal
 Revenue                Part II--For Payees exempt from backup withholding,
 Service                see the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of
                        Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9
 Payor's Request for    and complete as instructed therein.
 Taxpayer
 Identification         Certification--Under the penalties of perjury, I
 Number ("TIN")         certify that:
 and Certification
                        (1) The number shown on this form is my correct TIN
                            (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to
                            me); and
                        (2) I am not subject to backup withholding because
                            (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, (b) I
                            have not been notified by the Internal Revenue
                            Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup
                            withholding as a result of a failure to report
                            all interest or dividends or (c) the IRS has
                            notified me that I am no longer subject to backup
                            withholding.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Certification Instructions--You must cross out item (2) above if you have
 been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because
 of underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if
 after being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup
 withholding, you received another notification from the IRS that you were
 no longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out item (2). (Also
 see the instructions in the enclosed Guidelines.)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Signature: __________________________________________   Date: ______________

NOTE:  FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 MAY RESULT IN
       BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 31% OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE
       OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF
       TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL
       DETAILS.

    YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU ARE AWAITING YOUR
          TIN.

            CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

   I certify under penalties of perjury that a TIN has not been issued to
 me, and either (1) I have mailed or delivered an application to receive a
 TIN to the appropriate IRS Center or Social Security Administration office
 or (2) I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I
 understand that if I do not provide a TIN by the time of payment, 31% of
 all payments pursuant to the Offer made to me thereafter will be withheld
 until I provide a number.

 --------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
               Signature:                               Date:

  Manually signed facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly
completed, will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for
Shares and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each
stockholder of sequoia or its broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company
or other nominee to HSBC at one of the addresses set forth below:

                       The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 HSBC BANK USA

   By Mail:                  By Hand in New York:     By Hand/Overnight Courier:

 HSBC Bank USA                  HSBC Bank USA               HSBC Bank USA
Issuer Services                Issuer Services             Issuer Services
One Hanson Place               One Hanson Place           One Hanson Place
  Lower Level                    Lower Level                 Lower Level
Brooklyn, NY 11243            Brooklyn, NY 11243          Brooklyn, NY 11243

                          By Facsimile Transmission:
                                (718) 488-4488

             To Confirm Receipt of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
                                (718) 488-4475

  Any questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the Information
Agent at its address and telephone number listed below. Additional copies of
this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer
materials may be obtained from the Information Agent as set forth below and
will be furnished promptly at Merger Sub's expense. A stockholder may also
contact its broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee
for assistance concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                          INNISFREE M&A INCORPORATED
                        501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
                              New York, NY 10022
                                (888) 750-5834

                     The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

                              MERRILL LYNCH & CO.
                          Four World Financial Center
                           New York, New York 10080
                         Call Collect: (212) 236-3790

EX-99.3

0004.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(C) - NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(C)

                         Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
                                      for
                       Tender of Shares of Common Stock
                                      of
                         SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION
                                      at
                              $5.64 Net Per Share
                                      by
                         SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                             CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
             TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2001, UNLESS EXTENDED.

  This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or one substantially equivalent hereto
must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates
representing shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (individually,
a "Share" and, collectively, "Shares") of Sequoia Software Corporation, a
Maryland corporation, are not immediately available or the procedures for
book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis or time will not
permit all required documents to reach the depositary for the Offer, HSBC Bank
USA ("HSBC"), prior to Wednesday, April 25, 2001. This Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery may be delivered by hand or transmitted by facsimile transmission or
United States mail, overnight mail or courier to HSBC. See Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase (as defined below).

                       The Depositary for the Offer is:

                                 HSBC BANK USA

        By Mail:             By Hand in New York:    By Hand/Overnight Courier:

      HSBC Bank USA              HSBC Bank USA               HSBC Bank USA
    Issuer Services            Issuer Services               Issuer Services
    One Hanson Place           One Hanson Place             One Hanson Place
      Lower Level                Lower Level                   Lower Level
   Brooklyn, NY 11243         Brooklyn, NY 11243           Brooklyn, NY 11243

                          By Facsimile Transmission:
                                (718) 488-4488

             To Confirm Receipt of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:
                                (718) 488-4475

  Delivery of this Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to an address other than as
set forth above, or transmission of instructions via a facsimile transmission
to a number other than as set forth above, will not constitute a valid
delivery.

  This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery is not to be used to guarantee
signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is required to be
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution (as defined in Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase) under the instructions thereto, such signature guarantee must appear
in the applicable space provided in the signature box on the Letter of
Transmittal.

  The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the
guarantee to HSBC and must deliver (i) the Letter of Transmittal or an Agent's
Message (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) and (ii)
certificates for Shares or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in Section 2
of the Offer to Purchase) to HSBC within the time period shown herein. Failure
to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution.

             THE GUARANTEE ON THE REVERSE SIDE MUST BE COMPLETED.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned hereby tenders to Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer to Purchase, dated March 28, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the
related Letter of Transmittal (which together with the Offer to Purchase and
any amendments or supplements thereto collectively constitute the "Offer"),
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of Shares indicated below
pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase.

 Number of Shares:                         Name(s) of Record Holder(s):

 _________________________________         -----------------------------------

                                           -----------------------------------
 Certificate Numbers (if Available):       -----------------------------------

                                                 (Please Type or Print)
 ---------------------------------
 ---------------------------------         -----------------------------------
 ---------------------------------         -----------------------------------

                                                         Address
 If Share(s) will be tendered by           -----------------------------------
 book-entry transfer:                                   Zip Code
                                           -----------------------------------
 Names of Tendering Institutions:              Area Code and Telephone No.
 ---------------------------------
 ---------------------------------         -----------------------------------
 ---------------------------------         -----------------------------------

                                           -----------------------------------
 Account No.: ____________________              Signature(s) of Holder(s)

 [_] The Depository Trust Company

 Transaction Code: _______________

 Date: ___________________________

                THE GUARANTEE SET FORTH BELOW MUST BE COMPLETED

                                   GUARANTEE
                    (Not to be used for signature guarantee)

 The undersigned, an Eligible Institution, hereby guarantees to deliver to
 HSBC the certificates representing Shares tendered hereby, in proper form
 for transfer, or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to such Shares, in
 either case together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
 Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof), with any required
 signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message in the case of a book-entry
 delivery of shares, and any other documents required by the Letter of
 Transmittal, all within three NASDAQ National Market trading days after
 the date hereof.

 ___________________________________      ___________________________________
 Name of Firm                             Title

 ___________________________________      ___________________________________
 Authorized Signature                     Address

 Name: _____________________________      ___________________________________
         Please Type or Print             Area Code and Telephone No.

 NOTE:  DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED
        DELIVERY. CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES SHOULD BE SENT ONLY TOGETHER WITH
        YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.4

0005.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(D) - BROKER DEALER LETTER

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(D)

                          Offer to Purchase for Cash
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                      of
                         SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION
                                      at
                              $5.64 Net Per Share
                                      by
                         SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                             CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.

   THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
          CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2001, UNLESS EXTENDED.

                                                                 March 28, 2001

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees:

  Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc. ("Citrix"), is offering to
purchase all outstanding shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share
(individually, a "Share" and, collectively, "Shares"), of Sequoia Software
Corporation, a Maryland corporation ("Sequoia"), at a purchase price of $5.64
per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated March
28, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal
(which together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements
thereto collectively constitute the "Offer") enclosed herewith. The Offer is
being made in connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
March 20, 2001, by and among Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia (the "Merger
Agreement"). Holders of Shares whose certificates for such Shares are not
immediately available or who cannot deliver their certificates and all other
required documents to the depositary for the Offer, HSBC Bank USA ("HSBC"), or
complete the procedures for book-entry transfer prior to Wednesday, April 25,
2001 must tender their Shares according to the guaranteed delivery procedures
set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

  We have been appointed by Merger Sub to serve as Dealer Manager in
connection with the Offer.

  Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to those of your clients for
whose accounts you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your
nominee.

  For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, or who hold
Shares registered in their own names, we are enclosing the following
documents:

    1. The Offer to Purchase, dated March 28, 2001.

    2. The Letter of Transmittal to be used by holders of Shares in accepting
  the Offer and tendering Shares. Facsimile copies of the Letter of
  Transmittal (with manual signatures) may be used to tender Shares.

    3. A letter to stockholders of Sequoia from Richard C. Faint, Jr., Chief
  Executive Officer of Sequoia, together with a Solicitation/Recommendation
  Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange
  Commission by Sequoia and mailed to the stockholders of Sequoia.

    4. The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery for Shares to be used to accept the
  Offer if neither of the two procedures for tendering Shares set forth in
  the Offer to Purchase can be completed on a timely basis.

    5. A printed form of letter which may be sent to your clients for whose
  accounts you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your
  nominee, with space provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with
  regard to the Offer.

    6. Guidelines of the Internal Revenue Service for Certification of
  Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

    7. A return envelope addressed to HSBC for your use only.

  YOUR PROMPT ACTION IS REQUESTED. WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS
PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL
EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2001,
UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

  Please note the following:

    1. The tender price is $5.64 per Share, net to the seller in cash,
  without interest.

    2. The Offer and withdrawal rights expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
  City time, on Wednesday, April 25, 2001, unless extended.

    3. The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being
  validly tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the expiration of
  the Offer that minimum number of Shares which would represent a majority of
  the Shares that are then outstanding on a fully diluted basis after giving
  effect to the exercise or conversion of all options, rights and securities
  exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable for Shares on or before
  June 30, 2001 and (ii) the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
  Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the regulations
  thereunder having expired or been terminated prior to the expiration of the
  Offer. The Offer is also subject to the satisfaction of certain other
  conditions. See Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase.

    4. The Offer is being made for all of the outstanding Shares.

    5. Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
  commissions (other than pursuant to their individual broker relationship)
  on the transfer of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Tendering stockholders
  will be obligated to pay stock transfer taxes on the transfer of Shares
  pursuant to the Offer. Certain tax withholding and federal income tax
  backup withholding may be required, unless an exemption is available or
  unless the required taxpayer identification information is provided. See
  "Important Tax Information" of the Letter of Transmittal.

    6. The board of directors of Sequoia has (a) determined that each of the
  Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement dated as of March 20,
  2001 by and between Citrix and Sequoia (the "Transaction Option
  Agreement"), the Stockholders Agreement by and among Citrix, Merger Sub,
  Sequoia and certain Stockholders of Sequoia (the "Stockholders Agreement"),
  the Offer and the merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best
  interests of, the stockholders of Sequoia, (b) approved the execution,
  delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option
  Agreement, and the Stockholders Agreement and the completion of the
  transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger and
  (c) recommended that holders of Shares accept the Offer and approve and
  adopt the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger (if required).

    7. In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment
  pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by HSBC of (i)
  certificates for such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-

  entry transfer of such Shares into HSBC's account at The Depository Trust
  Company, pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to
  Purchase, (ii) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
  (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) with all required signature
  guarantees or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as
  defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) and (iii) any other
  documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.

  In order to take advantage of the Offer, (i) a duly executed and properly
completed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) with
any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer,
an Agent's Message or other required documents should be sent to HSBC and (ii)
certificates representing the tendered Shares or a timely Book-Entry
Confirmation (as defined in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase) should be
delivered to HSBC in accordance with the instructions set forth in the Offer
to Purchase.

  If holders of Shares wish to tender, but it is impracticable for them to
forward their certificates or other required documents or complete the
procedures for book-entry transfer prior to the Expiration Date, a tender must
be affected by following the guaranteed delivery procedures specified in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

  Neither Merger Sub nor Citrix will pay any fees or commissions to any
broker, dealer or any other person (other than the Information Agent, as
defined below, and HSBC, as described in Section 17 of the Offer to Purchase)
in connection with the solicitation of tenders of Shares pursuant to the
Offer. Merger Sub will, however, upon request, reimburse you for customary
mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in forwarding any of the
enclosed materials to your clients.

  Tendering stockholders must pay or cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes
incident to the transfer of validly tendered Shares, as provided in
Instruction 6 to the Letter of Transmittal.

  Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed to,
and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from,
Innisfree M&A Incorporated, the Information Agent for the Offer, at (888) 750-
5834 or the undersigned by calling collect at (212) 236-3790.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
                                           Smith Incorporated

NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU OR
ANY OTHER PERSON AS AN AGENT OF CITRIX, MERGER SUB, SEQUOIA, HSBC, THE
INFORMATION AGENT OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, OR AUTHORIZE YOU
OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO MAKE ANY STATEMENT OR USE ANY DOCUMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY
OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS AND THE
STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.5

0006.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(E) - CLIENT LETTER

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(E)
                          Offer to Purchase for Cash
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                      of
                          SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORORATION
                                      at
                              $5.64 Net Per Share
                                      by
                         SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.
                         a wholly owned subsidiary of
                             CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC.

   THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
          CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25 2001, UNLESS EXTENDED.

                                                                 March 28, 2001

To Our Clients:

  Enclosed for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase, dated March 28,
2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto
collectively constitute the "Offer"), relating to the offer by Soundgarden
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Citrix"), to
purchase all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per
share (individually, a "Share" and, collectively, "Shares"), of Sequoia
Software Corporation, a Maryland corporation ("Sequoia"), at a price of $5.64
per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer. The Offer is being made
in connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 20,
2001, by and among Citrix, Merger Sub and Sequoia (the "Merger Agreement").
Merger Sub is a corporation newly formed by Citrix in connection with the
Offer and the transactions contemplated thereby. Also enclosed is the letter
to stockholders of Sequoia from Richard C. Faint, Jr., Chief Executive Officer
of Sequoia, together with a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sequoia. This
material is being forwarded to you as the beneficial owner of Shares carried
by us in your account but not registered in your name.

  We are (or our nominee is) the holder of record of Shares held by us for
your account. A tender of such Shares can be made only by us as the holder of
record and pursuant to your instructions. The Letter of Transmittal is
furnished to you for your information only and cannot be used to tender Shares
held by us for your account.

  Accordingly, we request instructions as to whether you wish us to tender any
or all of the Shares held by us for your account, pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Offer.

  Please note the following:

    1. The tender price is $5.64 per Share, net to the seller in cash,
  without interest.

    2. The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New
  York City time, on Wednesday, April 25, 2001, unless extended.

    3. The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being
  validly tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the expiration of
  the Offer that minimum number of Shares which would represent a majority of
  the Shares that are then outstanding on a fully diluted basis after giving
  effect to the exercise or conversion of all options, rights and securities
  exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable for

  Shares on or before June 30, 2001 and (ii) the waiting period under the
  Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the
  regulations thereunder having expired or been terminated prior to the
  expiration of the Offer. The Offer is also subject to the satisfaction of
  certain other conditions. See Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase.

    4. The Offer is being made for all of the outstanding Shares.

    5. Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
  commissions (other than pursuant to their individual broker relationship)
  on the purchase of Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer. Tendering
  stockholders will be obligated to pay stock transfer taxes on the transfer
  of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Certain tax withholding and federal income
  tax backup withholding may be required, unless an exemption is provided or
  unless the required taxpayer identification information is provided. See
  "Important Tax Information" of the Letter of Transmittal.

    6. The board of directors of Sequoia has (a) determined that each of the
  Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement dated as of March 20,
  2001 by and between Citrix and Sequoia (the "Transaction Option
  Agreement"), the Stockholders Agreement by and among Citrix, Merger Sub,
  Sequoia and certain Stockholders of Sequoia (the "Stockholders Agreement"),
  the Offer and the Merger is advisable and fair to, and in the best
  interests of, the stockholders of Sequoia, (b) approved the execution,
  delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement, the Transaction Option
  Agreement, and the Stockholders Agreement and the completion of the
  transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and
  (c) recommended that holders of Shares accept the Offer and approve and
  adopt the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger (if required).

    7. In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment
  pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the
  depositary for the Offer, HSBC Bank USA ("HSBC"), of (i) certificates for
  such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares
  into HSBC's account at The Depository Trust Company, pursuant to the
  procedures set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, (ii) a properly
  completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed
  facsimile thereof) with all required signature guarantees or, in the case
  of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined in Section 2 of
  the Offer to Purchase) and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter
  of Transmittal.

  If you wish to have us tender any or all of the Shares held by us for your
account, please so instruct us by completing, executing, detaching and
returning to us the instruction form set forth below. For your convenience,
enclosed is a return envelope for your completed instruction form. If you
authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless
otherwise specified below. Please forward your instructions to us to allow us
ample time to tender your Shares on your behalf prior to the expiration of the
Offer.

  The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of, holders of Shares residing in any jurisdiction in which the making
of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the
securities, blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. However, Merger Sub
may, in its discretion, take such action as it may deem necessary to make the
Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer to holders of Shares in such
jurisdiction.

  In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the
Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to
be made on behalf of Merger Sub by one or more registered brokers or dealers
that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

  Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed to,
and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from Innisfree
M&A Incorporated, the Information Agent for the Offer, at (888) 750-5834 or
the undersigned by calling collect at (212) 236-3790.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
                                           Smith Incorporated

                       INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE
                          OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                    ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                        OF SEQUOIA SOFTWARE CORPORATION
                       BY SOUNDGARDEN ACQUISITION CORP.

  The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the enclosed Offer to
Purchase, dated March 28, 2001, and the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together with any amendments or supplements thereto collectively constitute
the "Offer") in connection with the offer by Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix
Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to purchase all outstanding shares of
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (individually, a "Share" and,
collectively, the "Shares"), of Sequoia Software Corporation, a Maryland
corporation, at a purchase price of $5.64 per Share, net to the seller in
cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Offer.

  This will instruct you to tender to Merger Sub the number of Shares
indicated below (or if no number is indicated below, all Shares) which are
held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Offer.

 Number of Shares to be Tendered*: _________________________________________

 Account Number: ___________________________________________________________

 Date: _____________________________________________________________________

                                   SIGN HERE

 ___________________________________________________________________________
 Signature(s)

 ___________________________________________________________________________
 Print Name(s)

 ___________________________________________________________________________

 ___________________________________________________________________________

 ___________________________________________________________________________
 Print Address(es)

 ___________________________________________________________________________
 Area Code and Telephone Number(s)

 ___________________________________________________________________________
 Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number(s)

 THIS FORM MUST BE RETURNED TO THE BROKERAGE FIRM MAINTAINING YOUR ACCOUNT.
 --------
 * Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all shares held by
   us for your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.6

0007.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(F) - W9

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(F)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number to Give the
Payor.--Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens:
i.e. 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated
by only one hyphen: i.e. 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the
number to give the payor.

References to "Section" herein are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, unless otherwise indicated.

- -------------------------------------------------     ------------------------------------------------
                             Give the                                              Give the EMPLOYER
                             SOCIAL SECURITY                                       IDENTIFICATION
For this type of account:    number of--              For this type of account:    number of--
- ------------------------------------------------      ------------------------------------------------

1. An individual's account   The individual            9. A valid trust, estate,   The legal entity
2. Two or more individuals   The actual owner of          or pension fund          (Do not furnish the
   (joint account)           the account or, if                                    identifying number
                             combined funds, the                                   of the personal
                             first individual on                                   representative or
                             the account(1)                                        trustee unless the
3. Husband and wife (joint   The actual owner of                                   legal entity itself
   account)                  the account or, if                                    is not designated
                             joint funds, the                                      in the account
                             first individual on                                   title.)(5)
                             the account(1)           10. Corporate account        The corporation
4. Custodian account of a    The minor(2)             11. Religious, charitable,   The organization
   minor                                                  or educational
   (Uniform Gift to Minors                                organization account
   Act)                                               12. Partnership account      The partnership
5. Adult and minor (joint    The adult or, if             held in the name of the
   account)                  the minor is the             business
                             only contributor,        13. Association, club, or    The organization
                             the minor(1)                 other tax-exempt
6. Account in the name of    The ward, minor, or          organization
   guardian or committee     incompetent              14. A broker or registered   The broker or
   for a designated ward,    person(3)                    nominee                  nominee
   minor, or incompetent                              15. Account with the         The public entity
   person                                                 Department of
7.a.  The usual revocable    The grantor-                 Agriculture in the name
      savings trust account  trustee(1)                   of a public entity
      (grantor is also                                    (such as a State or
      trustee)                                            local government,
  b.  So-called trust        The actual owner(1)          school district, or
      account that is not a                               prison) that receives
      legal or valid trust                                agricultural program
      under State law                                     payments
8. Sole proprietorship       The owner(4)
   account
- ------------------------------------------------      ------------------------------------------------

(1)List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.
(2)Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3)Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
   person's social security number.
(4)Show the name of the owner.
(5)List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension
   trust.

Note: If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will
      be considered to be that of the first name listed.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9
                                    PAGE 2
Obtaining a Number
If you don't have a taxpayer identification number ("TIN") or you don't know
your number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card,
or Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local
office of Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") and apply for a number.

Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding
Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on broker transactions
include the following:
 . A corporation.
 . A financial institution.
 . An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual
   retirement plan or a custodian account under Section 403(b)(7) if the
   account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(f)(2).
 . The United States, or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
 . A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or
   any subdivision or instrumentality thereof.
 . A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or
   agency or instrumentality thereof.
 . An international organization or any agency, or instrumentality thereof.
 . A dealer in securities or commodities registered in the U.S., the District
   of Columbia, or a possession of the U.S.
 . A real estate investment trust.
 . A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a).
 . An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of
   1940.
 . A foreign central bank of issue.

Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 or, if appropriate, Form W-
8 to avoid possible erroneous backup withholding.

FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYOR, FURNISH YOUR TIN, WRITE "EXEMPT" ON THE FACE OF
THE FORM, AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYOR. IF THE PAYMENTS ARE INTEREST, DIVIDENDS,
OR PATRONAGE DIVIDENDS, ALSO SIGN AND DATE THE FORM.

Certain payments other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends that
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding. For details, see the Treasury Regulations under sections 6041,
6041A, 6042, 6044, 6045, 6049, 6050A and 6050N, and the regulations
thereunder.

Privacy Act Notice.--Section 6109 requires you to furnish your correct TIN to
persons who must file information returns with the IRS to report interest,
dividends, and certain other income paid to you, mortgage interest you paid,
the acquisition or abandonment of secured property, or contributions you made
to an IRA. The IRS uses the numbers for identification purposes and to help
verify the accuracy of your tax return. Payors must generally withhold 31% of
taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to a payee who does not
furnish a TIN to a payor. Certain penalties may also apply.

Penalties
(1) Penalty for Failure to Furnish TIN.--If you fail to furnish your TIN to a
payor, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your
failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.

(2) Civil Penalty for False Information with Respect to Withholding.--If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition
of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.

(3) Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.--Willfully falsifying
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including
fines and/or imprisonment.

(4) Misuse of Taxpayer Identification Number.--If the payor discloses or uses
taxpayer identification numbers in violation of Federal law, the payor may be
subject to civil and criminal penalties.

      FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE IRS.

EX-99.7

0008.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(H) - SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(H)

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made solely
by the Offer to Purchase, dated March 28, 2001, and the related Letter of
Transmittal (and any amendments or supplements thereto) and is being made to all
holders of Shares. Merger Sub (as defined below) is not aware of any state where
the making of the Offer is prohibited by administrative or judicial action
pursuant to any valid state statute. If Merger Sub becomes aware of any valid
state statute prohibiting the making of the Offer, Merger Sub will make a good
faith effort to comply with such statute. If, after such good faith effort,
Merger Sub cannot comply with any such statute, the Offer will not be made to
(nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the holders of Shares in
such state. If the securities laws of any jurisdiction require the Offer to be
made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on
behalf of Merger Sub by Merrill Lynch & Co., as the Dealer Manager (as defined
below), or by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws
of such jurisdiction.

                      Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash
                     All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                       of
                          Sequoia Software Corporation
                                       at
                              $5.64 Net Per Share
                                       by
                         Soundgarden Acquisition Corp.
                          a wholly owned subsidiary of
                              Citrix Systems, Inc.

Soundgarden Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Merger Sub") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Citrix"), is offering to purchase all outstanding shares of Common Stock, par
value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Sequoia Software Corporation, a
Maryland corporation ("Sequoia"), at a purchase price of $5.64 per Share, net to
the seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated March 28,
2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or supplements thereto
collectively constitute the "Offer"). See the Offer to Purchase for capitalized
terms used but not defined herein. Stockholders of record who tender directly to
the depositary for the Offer, HSBC Bank USA ("HSBC") will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees or commissions with respect to the purchase of Shares by
Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders of record who tender directly to
HSBC will be obligated to pay stock transfer taxes with respect to the purchase
of Shares by Merger Sub pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their
Shares through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to whether it
charges any service fees. Merger Sub will pay all fees and expenses of HSBC, and
the Information Agent for the Offer, Innisfree M&A Incorporated ("Innisfree"),
for their respective services in connection with the Offer and the Merger (as
defined below).

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW
  YORK CITY TIME, ON WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer the
minimum number of Shares which would represent a majority of the Shares that are

then outstanding after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of all
options, warrants and securities exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable
for Shares on or before June 30, 2001 (the "Minimum Tender Condition") and (ii)
the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended, and the regulations thereunder having expired or been
terminated prior to the expiration of the Offer. Stockholders who hold
outstanding Shares representing over a majority of the Shares outstanding after
giving effect to the exercise or conversion of options and warrants as set forth
in (i) above have agreed to tender and not withdraw their Shares in the Offer,
and it is therefore likely that the Minimum Tender Condition will be satisfied.
The Offer is also subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions
described in Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase. The Offer is not conditioned
on obtaining financing.

The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as
of March 20, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Citrix, Merger Sub and
Sequoia.

The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, for the making of the Offer
by Merger Sub, and further provides that, upon the terms and subject to certain
conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into
Sequoia (the "Merger"), with Sequoia continuing as the surviving corporation
(the "Surviving Corporation") as a wholly owned subsidiary of Citrix. The Merger
Agreement is more fully described in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase. The
Merger is subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the Merger
Agreement by stockholders of Sequoia, if such approval is required by applicable
law. See Section 12 of the Offer to Purchase. In the Merger, each issued and
outstanding Share (other than Shares held by Sequoia as treasury stock or owned
by Citrix, Merger Sub or any subsidiary of Citrix, which shall be cancelled and
retired, with no payment made with respect thereto), will be converted into the
right to receive from the Surviving Corporation the Offer Price, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer, and upon surrender of
certificates formerly representing such Shares.

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Citrix and
Sequoia entered into a Transaction Option Agreement dated as of March 20, 2001
(the "Transaction Option Agreement") pursuant to which Sequoia granted Citrix an
irrevocable option, exercisable after Merger Sub has purchased Shares pursuant
to the Offer, to purchase up to 19.9% of the Shares outstanding if, after giving
effect to the exercise of the Option and as a result of such exercise, the
number of Shares then owned by Citrix and Merger Sub represents at least 90.1%
of the Shares outstanding after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of
all options, warrants and securities exercisable or convertible into or
exchangeable for Shares on or before June 30, 2001.

Also concurrently with entering into the Merger Agreement, Citrix and Merger Sub
entered into a Stockholders Agreement dated March 20, 2001 (the "Stockholders
Agreement") with Sequoia and certain stockholders of Sequoia (together, the
"Stockholders"), pursuant to which the Stockholders agreed to tender (and not
withdraw) in the Offer all the Shares beneficially owned by them on the date of
the Stockholders Agreement or acquired by them after that date. The Stockholders
also agreed, among other things, to vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and
the Merger (if required) and other actions required in furtherance thereof, and
against any action or agreement that would impede or attempt to discourage the
Offer. The Stockholders hold outstanding Shares representing approximately 52%
of all outstanding Shares after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of
all options, warrants and securities exercisable or convertible into or
exchangeable for Shares on or before June 30, 2001. The Stockholders Agreement
is more fully described in Section 13 of the Offer to Purchase.

The board of directors of Sequoia has (a) determined that the Merger Agreement,
the Transaction Option Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement, the Offer and the
Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, the stockholders
of Sequoia, (b) approved the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger
Agreement, the Transaction Option Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement and
the completion of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and
the Merger, and (c) recommended that holders of Shares accept the Offer, approve
and adopt the Merger Agreement and approve the Merger (if required).

For purposes of the Offer, Merger Sub will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares validly tendered and not properly validly
withdrawn as, if and when Merger Sub gives oral followed by written notice to
HSBC of Merger Sub's acceptance of such Shares for payment pursuant to the
Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for
Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the purchase
price therefor with HSBC, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders for
the purpose of receiving payment from Merger Sub and transmitting such payment
to tendering stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment. Upon the
deposit of funds with HSBC for the purpose of making payments to tendering
stockholders, Merger Sub's obligation to make such payment will be satisfied,
and tendering stockholders must thereafter look solely to HSBC for payments of
amounts owed to them by reason of the acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant
to the Offer. In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to
the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by HSBC of (i) certificates
evidencing such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such
Shares into HSBC's account at The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), pursuant to
the procedures set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, (ii) a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed
facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a
book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message, and (iii) any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal.

The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
Wednesday, April 25, 2001, unless Merger Sub shall have extended the period of
time for which the Offer is open, in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, in which event the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time
and date at which the Offer, as so extended by Merger Sub (other than any
extension with respect to a subsequent offering period (under Rule 14d-11 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), described
below), shall expire. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, if at the then scheduled
Expiration Date any of the conditions to the Offer described in Section 15,
"Certain Conditions to Merger Sub's Obligations" (collectively, the "Offer
Conditions"), has not been satisfied, Merger Sub, with the prior written consent
of Sequoia which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, may cause the Offer
to be extended for mutually agreed upon extension periods until such condition
or conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived. Merger Sub may,
without the consent of Sequoia, extend the Offer (i) for any period required by
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and (ii) for successive extension periods of no more than three (3) business
days for an aggregate of not more than six (6) business days if at the scheduled
expiration date or any extension thereof the number of Shares validly tendered
and not withdrawn is a number of Shares which, together with Shares then owned
by Citrix or Merger Sub, represents more than 60% but less than 71% of the
Shares outstanding after giving effect to the exercise or conversion of all
options, warrants and securities exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable
for Shares on or before June 30, 2001. Merger Sub's rights and obligations to
extend the Offer as described in this paragraph are subject to Citrix's and
Sequoia's rights to terminate the Merger Agreement. Subject to the foregoing
restrictions, Merger Sub reserves the right (but will not be obligated), in its
reasonable discretion, to extend the period during which the Offer is open by

giving oral or written notice of such extension to HSBC and by making a public
announcement of such extension. There can be no assurance that Merger Sub will
exercise its right to extend the Offer. If the Minimum Tender Condition or any
of the other Offer conditions has not been satisfied by the Expiration Date,
Merger Sub may elect (i) subject to the qualifications described above with
respect to the extension of the Offer, to extend the Offer and, subject to
applicable withdrawal rights, to retain all tendered Shares until the expiration
of the Offer, as extended, subject to the terms of the Offer, (ii) subject to
complying with applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the terms of the Merger Agreement (including, if necessary,
obtaining the prior written consent of Sequoia), to waive all unsatisfied
conditions and accept for payment all Shares so tendered and not extend the
Offer, (iii) subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to amend the Offer or
(iv) subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to terminate the Offer and
not accept for payment any Shares and return all tendered Shares to tendering
stockholders.

In the Merger Agreement, Citrix and Merger Sub have expressly reserved the right
to modify the terms of the Offer, except that neither Citrix nor Merger Sub may,
without prior written consent of Sequoia, (i) decrease the price per Share
payable in the Offer, (ii) change the form of consideration payable in the
Offer, (iii) decrease the number of Shares sought pursuant to the Offer, (iv)
change, in any material respect, the conditions to the Offer, (v) impose
additional conditions to the Offer, (vi) waive the Minimum Tender Condition, or
(vii) amend any term of the Offer in any manner materially adverse to the
holders of the Shares. In addition, subject to Merger Sub's compliance with Rule
14d-11 promulgated under the Exchange Act, Merger Sub may extend the Offer after
the acceptance of Shares thereunder for a further period of time by means of a
subsequent offering period under Rule 14d-11 promulgated under the Exchange Act,
of not more than 20 business days to meet the objective (which is not a
condition to the Offer) that there be validly tendered, in accordance with the
terms of the Offer, prior to the expiration date of the Offer (as so extended)
and not withdrawn a number of Shares, which together with Shares then owned by
Citrix and Merger Sub, represents at least 90% of the Shares outstanding on a
fully-diluted basis. The initial expiration date of the Offer shall be 20
business days from the commencement of the Offer.

Merger Sub expressly reserves the right to delay payment for Shares in order to
comply in whole or in part with any applicable law, subject to the provisions of
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that Merger Sub pay the
Offer Price or return the Shares deposited by or on behalf of stockholders
promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer (without affecting
Merger Sub's right to pay for Shares tendered during any subsequent offering
period in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act). Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the Shares to be
paid by Merger Sub, regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in
making such payment. Any extension of the period during which the Offer is open,
or delay in acceptance for payment, or termination or amendment of the Offer, or
waiver of an Offer condition, will be followed, as promptly as practicable, by
public announcement thereof, such announcement in the case of an extension to be
issued not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day
after the previously scheduled Expiration Date in accordance with the public
announcement requirements of Rule 14d-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of the Offer to Purchase, tenders of
Shares made pursuant to the Offer are irrevocable. Shares tendered pursuant to
the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures set forth below at any
time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after May 27, 2001. For
a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile transmission
notice of withdrawal must be timely received by HSBC at one of its addresses set

forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase. Any notice of withdrawal must
specify the name, address and taxpayer identification number of the person who
tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of Shares to be withdrawn and
the name in which the certificates representing such Shares are registered, if
different from that of the person who tendered the Shares. If certificates for
Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered or otherwise identified to HSBC,
then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the serial numbers
shown on such certificates must be submitted to HSBC and, unless such Shares
have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the signatures on the notice of
withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been
tendered pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfers set forth in Section
3 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name
and number of the account at DTC to be credited with the withdrawn Shares. All
questions as to the form of documents and the validity, eligibility (including
time of receipt) and acceptance for payment of any tender of Shares will be
determined by Merger Sub, in its reasonable discretion, and its determination
will be final and binding on all parties. None of Merger Sub, Citrix, HSBC,
Innisfree, Merrill Lynch & Co. or any other person will be under any duty to
give notification of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any
liability for failure to give any such notification. Withdrawals of tenders of
Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter
be deemed not validly tendered for any purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn
Shares may be retendered by again following one of the procedures described in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, at any time prior to the Expiration Date or
during the subsequent offering period, if any. Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the
Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered into a
subsequent offering period and no withdrawal rights apply during the subsequent
offering period with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for
payment. See Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase.

The information required to be disclosed by Rule 14d-6(d)(1) of the General
Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to
Purchase and is incorporated herein by reference.

Sequoia has provided Merger Sub with Sequoia's stockholder list and security
position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to stockholders.
The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other relevant
materials will be mailed to record holders of Shares and will be furnished to
brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose
names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on Sequoia's stockholder list, or,
if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security
position listing for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.

Stockholders are urged to read the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of
Transmittal carefully before deciding whether to tender their Shares pursuant to
the Offer.

Questions and requests for assistance or for copies of the Offer to Purchase,
the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or other related
materials may be directed to Innisfree at its address and telephone number set
forth below, and copies will be furnished promptly at Merger Sub's expense.
Holders of Shares may also contact brokers, dealers, commercial bankers and
trust companies for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or other related materials and
copies will be furnished at Merger Sub's expense.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                 Innisfree LOGO

                         501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
                            New York, New York 10022
                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 750-5833
                All Others Please Call Toll-Free: (888) 750-5834

                     The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

                              Merrill Lynch & Co. LOGO

                           4 World Financial Center
                           New York, New York 10080
                         (212) 236-3790 (call collect)

March 28, 2001

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----