URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1089907/000101287001500925/0001012870-01-500925.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BNH+Nt9WLhJFHIpa2Qc+8lSBNl/Rb+Tk0D2fSBb5EkIyGD9FgOOpIKbtS3zn4EeR
 uWcLCVHSiRxOZeKXrKIyxA==

0001012870-01-500925.txt : 20010521

0001012870-01-500925.hdr.sgml : 20010521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012870-01-500925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	S-4/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010518

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KANA COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				770435679
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		S-4/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-59754
		FILM NUMBER:		1643013

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		740 BAY RD
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503259850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		740 BAY RD
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

S-4/A

ds4a.txt

FORM S-4 AMENDMENT NO. 1

   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18, 2001

                                                 Registration No. 333-59754
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                ---------------

                              AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                    to
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                        Under the Securities Act of 1933

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

                                ---------------

            Delaware                              7372                            77-0435679
    (State of Incorporation)          (Primary Standard Industrial             (I.R.S. Employer
                                          Classification Code)              Identification Number)

          740 Bay Road, Redwood City, California 94063, (650) 298-9280
  (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of
                   Registrant's Principal Executive Offices)

                                ---------------
                     James C. Wood, Chief Executive Officer
 Kana Communications, Inc., 740 Bay Road, Redwood City, California 94063, (650)
                                    298-9280
 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code,
                             of Agent for Service)

                                ---------------
                                   Copies to:

            David A. Makarechian, Esq.                          David K. Michaels, Esq.
            Jonathan G. Shapiro, Esq.                        Katherine Tallman Schuda, Esq.
             Taylor L. Stevens, Esq.                               Samuel Angus, Esq.
              Brian E. Covotta, Esq.                          Cynthia E. Garabedian, Esq.
               Gerald H. Tsai, Esq.                             Matthew S. Wilson, Esq.
         Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP                           Fenwick & West LLP
      Two Embarcadero Place, 2200 Geng Road                       Two Palo Alto Square
           Palo Alto, California 94303                            Palo Alto, CA 94306
                  (650) 496-0160                                     (650) 494-0600

                                ---------------
   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: At the
Effective Time of the Merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant
with and into Broadbase Software, Inc., which shall occur as soon as
practicable after the Effective Date of this Registration Statement, and the
satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to the closing of such Merger.

   If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

   If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following
box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
effective registration statement for the same offering. [_]

   If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                                ---------------
   The Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
shall file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration
statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to such Section 8(a),
may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     [KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. LETTERHEAD]

                                                               May 25, 2001

Dear Kana Communications, Inc. Stockholders:

   I am writing to you today about our proposed merger with Broadbase Software,
Inc. This merger will create a combined company that will be one of the largest
providers of customer relationship management solutions for e-Businesses.

   In the merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana Communications, Inc. will
merge with and into Broadbase, each share of Broadbase common stock will be
exchanged for 1.05 shares of Kana common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and
Broadbase will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana. We expect to issue
approximately 86.2 million shares of our common stock and to assume options and
warrants for the purchase of approximately 28.1 million shares of common stock
in the merger. The merger is described more fully in the accompanying joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

   You will be asked to approve the issuance of shares of Kana common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement by and among Kana, Broadbase and Arrow
Acquisition Corp., the merger subsidiary, at the annual meeting of Kana
stockholders to be held on July 3, 2001 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the
offices of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Two Embarcadero Place, 2200 Geng
Road, Palo Alto, California. For the merger to go forward, the holders of a
majority of shares of Kana common stock present or represented by proxy at the
annual meeting of Kana's stockholders and entitled to vote must approve the
issuance of these shares. At the annual meeting, you will also be asked:

     1. To approve a proposal to change the name of Kana to "Kana Software,
  Inc." by amending Kana's second amended and restated certificate of
  incorporation;

     2. To approve an amendment of the Kana 1999 Stock Incentive Plan to
  increase the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under
  the Stock Incentive Plan by an additional 15,000,000 shares and increase
  the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the share reserve under
  the plan may increase automatically each year effective for all calendar
  years after 2001;

     3. To approve an amendment and restatement of the Kana 1999 Employee
  Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock
  issuable under the term of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan by an
  additional 10,000,000 shares of common stock, and to revise certain other
  provisions of the plan.

     4. To elect two directors to serve for a three-year term ending in 2004
  and until their successors are duly elected and qualified; and

     5. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
  annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

   The proposal to change the name of Kana requires the approval of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Kana common stock. The proposals to
amend the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and to amend and restate the 1999 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan require the approval of a majority of Kana shares present
or represented at the annual meeting and entitled to vote on such proposals.
The proposal to elect two directors to Kana's board of directors requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the Kana shares present or
represented at the annual meeting and entitled to vote on such proposal. Only
stockholders who hold shares of Kana common stock at the close of business on
May 23, 2001 will be entitled to vote at the annual meeting or any adjournment
or postponement.

   We are very excited by the opportunities we envision for the combined
company. Our board of directors has determined that the merger and the issuance
of Kana common stock in the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Kana and its stockholders, and unanimously recommends that you
approve the issuance of the shares of Kana common stock in connection with the
merger. Our board of directors has obtained an opinion from Kana's financial
advisor in connection with the merger, Goldman, Sachs & Co., to the effect
that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to a number of
qualifications, assumptions and limitations, the exchange ratio of 1.05 shares
of Kana common stock for each outstanding share of Broadbase common stock to be
received by the Broadbase stockholders was fair from a financial point of view
to Kana. The full text of the written opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co., dated
April 9, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is
attached as Appendix VIII to the joint proxy statement/prospectus. Holders of
Kana common stock are urged to, and should, read such opinion in its entirety.

   Our board of directors has also determined that the proposals to change
Kana's name, amend the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, amend and restate the 1999
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and elect two directors to Kana's board are in the
best interests of Kana and its stockholders, and unanimously recommends that
you approve these proposals.

   The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed
information about the two companies and the merger as well as the other
proposals described above. We have also enclosed a copy of Kana's annual report
for 2000 which contains additional information about Kana. Please give all of
this information your careful attention. In particular, you should carefully
consider the discussion in the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on
page 20 of the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   Your vote is very important regardless of the number of shares you own. To
vote your shares, you may use the enclosed proxy card, grant your proxy by
telephone or the Internet or attend the annual stockholders meeting. To approve
the issuance of shares of Kana common stock pursuant to the merger agreement,
you MUST vote "FOR" the proposal by following the instructions stated on the
enclosed proxy card. We urge you to vote "FOR" this proposal, a necessary step
in the merger of Kana and Broadbase. In addition, to approve the other
proposals submitted for your approval, you must vote "FOR" those proposals by
following the instructions stated on the enclosed proxy card, and we encourage
you to do so.

                                        Sincerely,

                                        James C. Wood
                                        Chief Executive Officer and Director

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction or the securities of
Kana to be issued in the merger, or determined if this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated May 23, 2001, and was first
mailed to Kana stockholders on or about May 25, 2001.

                       SOURCES OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Kana and Broadbase that is not included in or
delivered with this document. This information is available without charge to
stockholders of Kana and Broadbase upon written or oral request. To request
copies of documents, contact either Kana or Broadbase at:

     Kana Communications, Inc.  Broadbase Software, Inc.
     Investor Relations         Investor Relations
     740 Bay Road               181 Constitution Road
     Redwood City, CA 94063     Menlo Park, CA 94025
     (650) 298-9282             (650) 614-8300

   To obtain timely delivery of requested documents, you must request them no
later than June 26, 2001.

   Also see "Where You Can Find More Information" in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
                                 740 Bay Road
                            Redwood City, CA 94063
                                (650) 298-9282

                               ----------------

                   NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                        To be held on July 3, 2001

   We will hold the annual meeting of stockholders of Kana Communications,
Inc. at 10:00 a.m., local time, on July 3, 2001 at the offices of Brobeck,
Phleger & Harrison LLP, Two Embarcadero Place, 2200 Geng Road, Palo Alto,
California. At the annual meeting, you will be asked:

     1. To approve the issuance of shares of common stock, par value $0.001
  per share, of Kana pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
  April 9, 2001 by and among Kana, Broadbase Software, Inc. and Arrow
  Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana, under which Broadbase
  will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana;

     2. To approve a proposal to change the name of Kana to "Kana Software,
  Inc." by amending Kana's second amended and restated certificate of
  incorporation;

     3. To approve an amendment of the Kana 1999 Stock Incentive Plan to
  increase the number of shares of Kana common stock available for issuance
  under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan by an additional 15,000,000 shares and
  increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the share
  reserve under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan may automatically increase each
  calendar year from 6,000,000 shares to 10,000,000 shares, effective for all
  calendar years after 2001;

     4. To approve an amendment and restatement of the Kana 1999 Employee
  Stock Purchase Plan to:

      . increase the number of shares of common stock issuable under the
        term of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan by an additional
        10,000,000 shares of common stock, from 2,122,507 shares to
        12,122,507 shares;

      . increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the
        share reserve under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan may
        automatically increase each calendar year from 666,666 shares to
        4,000,000 shares, effective for all calendar years after 2001; and

      . revise certain provisions of the plan document in order to
        facilitate the administration of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
        Plan;

     5. To elect two directors to Kana's board of directors for a three-year
  term ending in 2004 and until their successors are duly elected and
  qualified; and

     6. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
  annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement.

   Our board of directors has determined that the merger and the issuance of
Kana common stock in the merger, are advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Kana and its stockholders, and unanimously recommends that you
vote to approve the issuance of Kana common stock in connection with the
merger. Our board of directors has also determined that the proposals to
change Kana's name, amend the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, amend and restate the
1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and elect two directors to Kana's board are
in the best interests of Kana and Kana's stockholders and unanimously
recommends that you vote to approve these proposals.

   We describe the merger, the proposed name change, the proposed amendment of
the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, the proposed amendment and restatement of the
1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the background of the nominees for
election to the board more fully in the accompanying joint proxy
statement/prospectus,

which we urge you to read. We have also enclosed Kana's annual report for 2000
which contains additional information about Kana.

   Only Kana stockholders of record at the close of business on May 23, 2001
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the annual meeting or any adjournment
or postponement.

   Your vote is important. To assure that your shares are represented at the
annual meeting, you are urged to complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy and
mail it promptly in the postage-paid envelope provided, or call the toll-free
telephone number or use the Internet by following the instructions included
with your proxy card, whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting in
person. You may revoke your proxy in the manner described in the accompanying
joint proxy statement/prospectus at any time before it has been voted at the
annual meeting. You may vote in person at the annual meeting even if you have
returned a proxy.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors

                                          Warren T. Lazarow
                                          Secretary

Redwood City, California

May 25, 2001

                             [BROADBASE LOGO]

                                                               May 25, 2001

Dear Broadbase Software, Inc. Stockholders:

   I am writing to you about our proposed merger with Kana Communications, Inc.
This merger will create a combined company that will be one of the largest
providers of customer relationship management solutions for e-Businesses.

   In the merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana will merge with and into
Broadbase, each share of Broadbase common stock will be exchanged for 1.05
shares of Kana common stock and we will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Kana. As a result of the merger, Broadbase stockholders will own approximately
47.7% of the combined company, based on the number of shares of Broadbase and
Kana common stock outstanding on May 23, 2001. Kana common stock is traded on
the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "KANA," and closed at $1.75 per
share on May 17, 2001. The merger is described more fully in the accompanying
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   You will be asked to vote upon the merger at a special meeting of Broadbase
stockholders to be held on July 3, 2001 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the
Stanford Park Hotel, 100 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California. The holders of
a majority of the outstanding shares of Broadbase common stock must approve and
adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. Only stockholders who hold
shares of Broadbase common stock at the close of business on May 23, 2001 will
be entitled to vote at the special meeting.

   We are very excited by the opportunities we envision for the combined
company. Our board of directors has determined that the terms and conditions of
the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, Broadbase and
its stockholders, and unanimously recommends that you approve the merger
agreement and the merger. Our board of directors has obtained an opinion from
its financial advisor, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, to the effect that,
at the date of that opinion and based upon and subject to qualifications and
limitations stated in that opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of Broadbase
common stock. The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated, dated April 8, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with
the opinion, is attached as Appendix IX to the joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Holders of Broadbase common stock are urged to, and
should, read such opinion in its entirely.

   The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed
information about the companies and the merger. Please give all of this
information your careful attention. In particular, you should carefully
consider the discussion in the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page 20 of
the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   Your vote is very important regardless of the number of shares you own. To
approve the merger agreement, you MUST vote "FOR" the proposal by following the
instructions stated on the enclosed proxy card. If you do not vote at all, it
will, in effect, count as a vote against the merger. We urge you to vote "FOR"
this proposal, a necessary step in the merger of Broadbase and Kana.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Chuck Bay
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction or the securities of
Kana to be issued in the merger, or determined if this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated May 23, 2001, and was first
mailed to Broadbase stockholders on or about May 25, 2001.

                       SOURCES OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Kana and Broadbase that is not included in or
delivered with this document. This information is available without charge to
stockholders of Kana and Broadbase upon written or oral request. To request
copies of documents, contact either Kana or Broadbase at:

     Kana Communications, Inc.  Broadbase Software, Inc.
     Investor Relations         Investor Relations
     740 Bay Road               181 Constitution Road
     Redwood City, CA 94063     Menlo Park, CA 94025
     (650) 298-9282             (650) 614-8300

   To obtain timely delivery of requested documents, you must request them no
later than June 26, 2001.

   Also see "Where You Can Find More Information" in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

                         BROADBASE SOFTWARE, INC.
                             181 Constitution Drive
                              Menlo Park, CA 94025
                                 (650) 614-8300

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                        To be held on July 3, 2001

                               ----------------

   We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Broadbase Software, Inc.
at 10:00 a.m., local time, on July 3, 2001 at the Stanford Park Hotel, 100 El
Camino Real, Menlo Park, California for the following purposes:

     1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the
  Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 9, 2001 among Kana
  Communications, Inc., Broadbase Software, Inc. and a wholly-owned
  subsidiary of Kana, and to approve the merger contemplated by that
  agreement under which the wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana will merge with
  and into Broadbase, Broadbase will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
  Kana, and each outstanding share of Broadbase common stock will be
  converted into 1.05 shares of Kana common stock; and

     2. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
  special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

   Our board of directors has determined that the merger is advisable, fair to,
and in the best interests of, Broadbase and its stockholders, and unanimously
recommends that you vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

   We describe the merger more fully in the accompanying joint proxy
statement/prospectus, which we urge you to read.

   Only Broadbase stockholders of record at the close of business on May 23,
2001 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting or any
adjournment or postponement.

   Your vote is important. To assure that your shares are represented at the
special meeting, you are urged to complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy
and mail it promptly in the postage-paid envelope provided, whether or not you
plan to attend the special meeting in person. You may revoke your proxy in the
manner described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus at any
time before it has been voted at the special meeting. You may vote in person at
the special meeting even if you have returned a proxy.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors

                                          Eric Willgohs
                                          Secretary

Menlo Park, California

May 25, 2001

                               

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER....................................   1

SUMMARY...................................................................   3

RISK FACTORS..............................................................  20
  Risks Related to the Merger.............................................  20
  Risks Related to Kana...................................................  25
  Risks Related to Broadbase..............................................  38

ANNUAL MEETING OF KANA STOCKHOLDERS.......................................  51
  General.................................................................  51
  Date, Time and Place....................................................  51
  Matters to be Considered at the Annual Meeting..........................  51
  Record Date.............................................................  51
  Voting of Proxies.......................................................  52
  Votes Required..........................................................  52
  Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes................................  53
  Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses....................................  53
  Stockholder Proposals for the Kana 2002 Annual Meeting..................  53
  Board Recommendations...................................................  53

SPECIAL MEETING OF BROADBASE STOCKHOLDERS.................................  55
  Date, time, place and purpose of the Broadbase meeting..................  55
  Record date and outstanding shares......................................  55
  Vote and quorum requirements............................................  55
  Voting and revocability of proxies......................................  55
  Expenses of proxy solicitation..........................................  56

THE MERGER................................................................  57
  Background of the Merger................................................  57
  Kana's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Kana's Board of
   Directors..............................................................  61
  Opinion of Kana's Financial Advisor.....................................  64
  Broadbase's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Broadbase's
   Board of Directors.....................................................  70
  Opinion of Broadbase's Financial Advisor................................  72
  Interests of Broadbase's Management and Kana's Management in the Merger
   and Potential Conflicts of Interest....................................  79
  The Merger..............................................................  80
  Closing of the Merger...................................................  80
  Conversion of Broadbase Shares in the Merger............................  81
  Broadbase Stock Options and Warrants....................................  81
  The Exchange Agent......................................................  81
  Exchange of Broadbase Stock Certificates for Kana Stock Certificates....  81
  Transfer of Ownership; Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged
   Shares.................................................................  81
  Material Federal Income Tax Considerations..............................  82
  Accounting Treatment....................................................  83
  Stockholders' Dissenters' Rights........................................  83
  Listing of Kana Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger.................  83
  Restrictions on Sale of Shares by Affiliates of Kana and Broadbase......  83
  Management Following the Merger.........................................  84
  Operations Following the Merger.........................................  84

                                       i

                         --(Continued)

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

THE MERGER AGREEMENT.....................................................    85
  Representations and Warranties.........................................    85
  Conduct of Each Company's Business Before the Closing of the Merger....    86
  Broadbase Stock Option Exchange Program................................    87
  No Other Negotiations..................................................    88
  Public Disclosure......................................................    90
  Employee Benefit Plans.................................................    90
  Conditions to Closing the Merger.......................................    90
  Termination of the Merger Agreement....................................    91
  Termination Fee........................................................    93
  Amendment, Extension and Waiver of the Merger Agreement................    94

RELATED AGREEMENTS.......................................................    95
  The Voting Agreements..................................................    95
  The Stock Option Agreements............................................    96
  Distribution and License Agreement.....................................    98
  Revolving Loan Agreement...............................................    98

KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS..............................................................   100

MARKET PRICE INFORMATION.................................................   106

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS.........................................   107

OTHER KANA PROPOSALS.....................................................   112
  Proposal to Change Kana's Name.........................................   112
  Proposal to Amend Kana's 1999 Stock Incentive Plan.....................   112
  Proposal to Amend and Restate Kana's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
   Plan..................................................................   124
  Election of Directors..................................................   130
  Other Matters..........................................................   133

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT............................................   134

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT...................................................   136

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH..................................................   137

MANAGEMENT OF KANA.......................................................   138
  Executive Officers and Directors of Kana...............................   138
  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance................   139
  Kana's Executive Compensation..........................................   139

KANA'S EMPLOYMENT ARRANGEMENTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT ARRAGEMENTS AND
 CHANGE IN CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS..........................................   144

CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS OF KANA.............................................   145

PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF KANA...........................................   146

EXPERTS..................................................................   148

LEGAL MATTERS............................................................   148

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION......................................   149

INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE..........................   150

APPENDICES
Appendix I -- Agreement and Plan of Merger...............................   I-1
Appendix II -- Form of Kana Voting Agreement.............................  II-1

                                       ii

                         --(Continued)

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

 Appendix III   --   Form of Broadbase Voting Agreement...............    III-1
 Appendix IV    --   Kana Stock Option Agreement......................     IV-1
 Appendix V     --   Broadbase Stock Option Agreement.................      V-1
 Appendix VI    --   Distribution and License Agreement...............     VI-1
 Appendix VII   --   Revolving Loan Agreement.........................    VII-1
 Appendix VIII  --   Opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co., financial
                      advisor to Kana Communications, Inc. ...........   VIII-1
 Appendix IX    --   Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated,
                     financial advisor to Broadbase Software, Inc. ...     IX-1
 Appendix X     --   Amended 1999 Stock Incentive Plan of Kana
                     Communications, Inc. ............................      X-1
 Appendix XI    --   Amended and Restated 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
                     Plan of Kana Communications, Inc.................     XI-1
 Appendix XII   --   Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of
                     Directors of Kana Communications, Inc............    XII-1

                                      iii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: Why are Broadbase and Kana proposing to merge?

A: This merger will combine two leading providers of customer relationship and
   communication software solutions for electronic businesses, or e-Businesses,
   with the objective of strengthening and extending their leadership position.
   In addition, Broadbase and Kana believe that the merger has the potential to
   enhance the ability of each company to achieve profitability sooner than
   they would if they remain independent, as a result of a stronger product
   offering, sales and distribution synergies and cross-selling opportunities,
   the opportunity to leverage the recurring maintenance revenues of the
   combined company and the opportunity to reduce overhead and other costs.
   Further, Broadbase and Kana will each benefit from the complementary
   resources of the other, including complementary operating, financial and
   technology resources and strategic relationships. Overall, both Broadbase
   and Kana believe that the merger will provide added value to their
   respective stockholders.

Q: What will Broadbase stockholders receive in the merger?

A: If the merger is completed, Broadbase stockholders will receive 1.05 shares
   of Kana common stock for each share of Broadbase common stock they own.

Q: What happens if the trading price of Kana or Broadbase common stock changes
   before the merger?

A: The number of shares of Kana common stock to be issued for each share of
   Broadbase common stock will not be adjusted based upon changes in the market
   price of Kana common stock or Broadbase common stock. As a result, the value
   of the Kana common stock to be received in the merger will fluctuate up or
   down as the market price of Kana common stock fluctuates up or down. Neither
   Kana nor Broadbase has the right to terminate the merger agreement or to
   resolicit the vote of its stockholders based on changes in the market price
   of Kana or Broadbase common stock.

Q: Are there risks I should consider in deciding whether to vote for the
   merger.

A: Yes. For example, the combined company might not realize the expected
   benefits of the merger or become profitable. In evaluating the merger, you
   should carefully consider the factors discussed beginning on page 20 in the
   section entitled "Risk Factors."

Q: When do you expect to complete the merger?

A: We are working to complete the merger in the summer of 2001. Because the
   merger is subject to various conditions, however, we cannot predict the
   exact timing.

Q: Should Broadbase stockholders send in their stock certificates now?

A: No. After we complete the merger, Kana will send instructions to Broadbase
   stockholders explaining how to exchange their shares of Broadbase common
   stock for the appropriate number of shares of Kana common stock.

Q: Should Kana stockholders send in their stock certificates?

A: No. Kana stockholders will continue to own their shares of Kana common stock
   after the merger and should continue to hold their stock certificates.

Q: How do I vote?

A: Mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope or, if you are a
   Kana stockholder, you may grant your proxy by telephone or the Internet as
   soon as possible so that your shares may be represented at

   the stockholder meeting. You may also attend the meeting in person instead
   of submitting a proxy. If your shares are held in "street name" by your
   broker, your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions
   on how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by your broker
   regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares.

Q: What rights do I have if I oppose the merger?

A: You can vote against the merger by indicating a vote against the Broadbase
   proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger
   or the Kana proposal to approve the issuance of shares in connection with
   the merger, in each case on your proxy card and signing and mailing your
   proxy card, or by voting against the merger in person at the Broadbase or
   Kana stockholder meeting, as the case may be. If you are a Kana
   stockholder, you may also vote against the proposal to approve the issuance
   of the shares by telephone or the Internet. If the merger and the issuance
   of the shares are approved at the meetings, shares of Broadbase common
   stock will be converted into shares of Kana common stock regardless of
   whether you voted for or against the merger. You will not have appraisal or
   dissenters' rights in connection with the merger or any of the transactions
   contemplated by the merger agreement.

Q: Can I change my vote after mailing my proxy?

A: Yes. You may change your vote by delivering a signed notice of revocation
   or a later-dated, signed proxy card to the corporate secretary of Kana or
   Broadbase, as the case may be, before the stockholder meeting, or by
   attending the stockholder meeting and voting in person. If you are a Kana
   stockholder, you may also change your vote using the telephone or the
   Internet by following the instructions provided with your proxy card.

Q: What are the tax consequences of the merger to me?

A: We expect that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
   federal income tax purposes. If the merger qualifies as a tax-free
   reorganization, Broadbase stockholders will not recognize any gain or loss
   for federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of shares of Broadbase
   common stock for shares of Kana common stock, although Broadbase
   stockholders will recognize taxable income with respect to any cash
   received in lieu of a fractional share of common stock. You should consult
   your own tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences of
   the merger to you. For a more detailed description of the tax consequences
   of the merger, see the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus
   entitled "The Merger--Material Federal Income Tax Considerations" beginning
   on page 82.

Q: Who will lead the combined company?

A: We expect that the board of directors of the combined company will include
   James Wood and Robert Frick, who are currently Kana directors, and Chuck
   Bay, Kevin Harvey and Massood Zarrabian, who are currently Broadbase
   directors. Mr. Zarrabian, the former chief executive officer of
   Servicesoft, Inc., joined the Broadbase board in December 2000 following
   Broadbase's acquisition of Servicesoft, Inc. In addition, following the
   merger, Chuck Bay, president and chief executive officer of Broadbase, will
   serve as Kana's president and chief executive officer of the combined
   company and James Wood, Kana's chief executive officer, will serve as
   chairman of the board of directors of the combined company.

Q: Who can I call with questions?

A: If you are a Kana stockholder with questions about the merger, please call
   Kana Investor Relations at (650) 298-9282.

   If you are a Broadbase stockholder with questions about the merger, please
   call Broadbase Investor Relations at (650) 614-8300.

                                    SUMMARY

   The following summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should carefully read this entire joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including the appendices, and the other documents we
refer to for a more complete understanding of the merger.

The Companies

KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
740 Bay Road
Redwood City, CA 94063
www.kana.com.
(650) 298-9282

   Kana is a leading provider of enterprise Relationship Management (eRM)
software solutions that deliver integrated communication and business
applications built on a Web-architected platform. Kana's eRM software solutions
redefine and extend the enterprise to incorporate customers, partners, and
suppliers in collaborative business relationships for greater long-term loyalty
and profitability. At the same time, Kana's eRM solutions enable enterprises to
lower operating and distribution costs as they build relationships. Using
Kana's software products and services, enterprises can:

  . offer to customers, partners, and suppliers a consistent, personalized,
    and comprehensive view of their business relationship so that they can
    learn, buy, and get care that is relevant and targeted to their needs;

  . offer customers, partners and suppliers an integrated business experience
    across their service, sales, and marketing activities;

  . embrace customers, partners, and suppliers in productive and efficient
    relationships through collaborative participation in automated business
    processes;

  . enhance the effectiveness of both online and offline relationships via
    integrated communication channels and interactions methods; and

  . facilitate integrated information and services via a scalable, flexible,
    and adaptable Web-architected platform.

   Kana's customers range from Global 2000 companies pursuing an e-Business
strategy to Internet-only companies. The following is a representative list of
Kana's customers:

   .eBay                             .E*Trade
   .American Airlines                .Kodak
   .The Gap
                                     .BellSouth

BROADBASE SOFTWARE, INC.
181 Constitution Drive
Menlo Park, CA 94025
(650) 614-8300

   Broadbase is a leading provider of software solutions that enable companies
to conduct highly effective, intelligent customer interactions through the
Internet and traditional business channels, thereby providing the basis for
businesses to improve their customer acquisition, retention and profitability.
Broadbase's web-based product suite combines operational marketing and service
applications with customer analytics. Broadbase's software integrates
information from numerous points of customer interaction, or touch points, by
pulling

information from multiple data sources and transforming it into a standard
format that can be analyzed and acted upon. Broadbase's software then analyzes
this reformatted information to provide a comprehensive understanding of the
customer lifecycle from initial identification through acquisition and
retention. Broadbase's software applications translate this analysis into
specific marketing, sales and service actions, including the execution of
targeted marketing campaigns, the delivery of Internet-based and traditional
customer service, and the personalization of all customer interactions. By
integrating, analyzing and acting on valuable customer information, Broadbase's
products enable businesses to build long-lasting and profitable customer
relationships.

   Broadbase customers include both traditional "brick and mortar" companies
and Internet-only companies. The following is a representative list of
Broadbase's customers:

   . Cisco Systems         .Hewlett-Packard
   . Eddie Bauer           .eBags
   . Fidelity Investments  .Verizon

The Merger (See page 57)

   Kana and Broadbase have entered into a merger agreement that provides for
the merger of a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana with and into
Broadbase. As a result, Broadbase will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Kana. Stockholders of Broadbase will become stockholders of Kana following the
merger, and each share of Broadbase common stock will be exchanged for 1.05
shares of Kana common stock. We urge you to read the merger agreement, which is
included as Appendix I, carefully and in its entirety.

Stockholder Approvals (See pages 52 and 55)

 Kana Stockholders

   The holders of a majority of the shares of Kana common stock entitled to
vote and that are present or represented by proxy at the annual meeting of
Kana's stockholders must approve the issuance of Kana common stock in the
merger. Kana stockholders are entitled to cast one vote per share of Kana
common stock owned at the close of business on May 23, 2001. Under separate
voting agreements in the form of Appendix II hereto, Kana's directors,
executive officers and their affiliates who beneficially owned approximately
20.4% of Kana's common stock outstanding as of April 9, 2001 (including any
shares issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable within 60
days of April 9, 2001) have agreed to vote all of their shares of Kana common
stock for the issuance of shares of Kana common stock as contemplated by the
merger agreement and against any action or agreement that would prevent, or
compete with, the merger.

 Broadbase Stockholders

   For the merger to proceed, the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Broadbase common stock must approve and adopt the merger agreement
and approve the merger. Broadbase stockholders are entitled to cast one vote
per share of Broadbase common stock owned at the close of business on May 23,
2001. Under separate voting agreements in the form attached as Appendix III
hereto, Broadbase's directors, executive officers and their affiliates who
beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately 11.7% of Broadbase's common
stock outstanding as of April 9, 2001 (including any shares issuable upon the
exercise of options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001) have
agreed to vote all of their shares of Broadbase common stock for approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger and against any
action or agreement that would prevent, or compete with, the merger.

Stock Option Agreements (See page 96)

 Kana

   As an inducement to Kana to enter into the merger agreement, Broadbase
granted Kana the right, under certain circumstances, to purchase a number of
shares of newly-issued Broadbase common stock equal to 19.9% of Broadbase's
issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of exercise of the
option. The stock option becomes exercisable upon the occurrence of specified
events and the satisfaction of a number of conditions. The exercise price of
the option is $0.7188 per share, payable in cash. Broadbase has the right to
repurchase all, but not less than all, of any exercised option shares under
certain circumstances. The proceeds from the option shares cannot exceed any
termination fee payable to Kana under the merger agreement. The stock option
agreement from Broadbase to Kana is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix V. See "Related Agreements--Stock Option
Agreements."

 Broadbase

   As an inducement to Broadbase to enter into the merger agreement, Kana
granted Broadbase the right, under certain circumstances, to purchase a number
of shares of newly-issued Kana common stock equal to 19.9% of Kana's issued and
outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of exercise of the option, or
a lesser amount of shares of Kana common stock that equals 19.9% of Kana's
issued and outstanding shares when counted together with any shares acquired by
Broadbase upon conversion of amounts outstanding under the revolving loan
agreement described below. The option becomes exercisable upon the occurrence
of specified events and the satisfaction of a number of conditions. The
exercise price of the option is $0.875 per share, payable in cash. Kana has the
right to repurchase all, but not less than all, of any exercised option shares
under certain circumstances. The proceeds from the option shares cannot exceed
any termination fee payable to Broadbase under the merger agreement. The stock
option agreement from Kana to Broadbase is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix IV. See "Related Agreements--Stock Option
Agreements."

Distribution and License Agreement (See page 98)

   As an inducement to both Kana and Broadbase to enter into the merger
agreement, each party granted the other a non-exclusive, world-wide, non-
transferable royalty-bearing license to all of the other's intellectual
property rights to use, copy, distribute, display and perform all of the
software owned by the other and software, products and services offered by the
other to third parties. Each license also provides for the licensor's source
code to be placed in escrow subject to release upon the occurrence of certain
events, such as events relating to bankruptcy or the failure by the licensor to
provide maintenance and support for its products. Each party has the right to
terminate the license it has granted to the other party upon the attempted
assignment of the license by, or the change of control of, the other party
without the first party's consent. The distribution and license agreement is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix VI.

Revolving Loan Agreement (See page 98)

   As an inducement to Kana to enter into the merger, Broadbase agreed to loan
up to $20.0 million to Kana subject to the terms and conditions of a revolving
credit agreement. As of May 17, 2001, Kana has drawn down $8.2 million under
the revolving loan agreement. The remaining $11.8 million will be placed in an
escrow account to fund any future drawdowns by Kana pursuant to the terms of
the revolving loan agreement. The loan commitment will terminate upon the
earlier of the closing of the merger or the termination of the merger
agreement. Beginning on July 16, 2001, Broadbase will have the right to convert
any amount outstanding under the loan into Kana common stock at a price of
$1.10 per share, provided that the total amount converted under the loan when
counted together with the shares acquired under the stock option agreement in
favor of Broadbase, as described above, cannot exceed 19.9% of Kana's
outstanding common stock. The revolving loan agreement is attached to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix VII.

Recommendations of the Boards of Directors (See pages 61 and 70)

   The Broadbase and Kana boards of directors have determined that the terms
and conditions of the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests
of, each company and its respective stockholders. The Broadbase board
unanimously recommends that Broadbase stockholders vote FOR the adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger, and the Kana board
unanimously recommends that Kana stockholders vote FOR issuing the shares of
Kana common stock in connection with the merger.

Opinions of Financial Advisors (See pages 64 and 72)

   In deciding to approve the merger, each of the Broadbase and Kana boards of
directors considered opinions from their financial advisors and various other
factors described below in "The Merger--Kana's Reasons for the Merger and
Recommendation of Kana's Board of Directors," and "The Merger--Broadbase's
Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Broadbase's Board of Directors."

   On April 8, 2001, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Kana's financial advisor in
connection with the merger, delivered its oral opinion to the Kana board that,
as of that date, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair
from a financial point of view to Kana. Goldman, Sachs & Co. subsequently
confirmed its oral opinion by delivery of its written opinion dated April 9,
2001. The full text of the written opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co., which sets
forth assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Appendix VIII.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. provided its opinion for the information and assistance of
Kana's board of directors in connection with its consideration of the merger.
The opinion of Goldman, Sachs & Co. is not a recommendation as to how any
holder of Kana common stock should vote on any matter relating to the merger.
We urge you to read the opinion in its entirety.

   On April 8, 2001, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Broadbase's financial
advisor in connection with the merger, delivered its written opinion to the
Broadbase board that, as of the date of its opinion, and subject to and based
on the considerations referred to in its opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant
to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Broadbase common stock. The full text of Morgan Stanley & Co.
Incorporated's written opinion, which sets forth assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the
opinion, is attached as Appendix IX. Broadbase urges its stockholders to read
the opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated in its entirety. Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated's opinion is directed to the Broadbase board of
directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how
stockholders should vote on any matter relating to the merger.

Interests of Broadbase's Management and Kana's Management in the Merger and
Potential Conflicts of Interest (See page 79)

   When considering the recommendation of the Broadbase board, you should be
aware that some directors and officers of Broadbase have the following
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, yours:

  . Certain executive officers of Broadbase have employment agreements under
    which they will be entitled to 50% accelerated vesting of their
    outstanding options, including the Broadbase options assumed by Kana in
    the merger, in the event they are not offered employment by Kana in a
    comparable position and at a comparable salary after the merger.

  . Massood Zarrabian, an employee member of Broadbase's board of directors,
    has an employment agreement under which he will be entitled to one year
    of salary, plus bonuses, payable in a lump sum and 50% accelerated
    vesting of his outstanding options in the event that he is not offered
    employment

   by Kana in a comparable position and at comparable salary or his
   employment is terminated by Kana without just cause prior to December 19,
   2002.

  . Robert Davoli, a non-employee member of Broadbase's board of directors,
    has a restricted stock purchase agreement under which he will be entitled
    to 100% accelerated vesting of his shares purchased under the agreement
    upon the closing of the merger.

  . Kana has agreed that Chuck Bay, the president and chief executive officer
    of Broadbase, will be appointed to serve as president and chief executive
    officer of the combined company following the merger.

  . Kana has agreed to cause the surviving corporation in the merger to
    indemnify each present and former Broadbase officer and director against
    liabilities arising out of such person's service as an officer or
    director. The surviving corporation in the merger will maintain officer's
    and director's liability insurance to cover any such liabilities for the
    next six years.

  . Kana has agreed that upon completion of the merger, Chuck Bay and Massood
    Zarrabian, both of whom are currently Broadbase directors, will be
    appointed to Kana's board of directors. In addition, Kana's board of
    directors has nominated Kevin Harvey for election to a three-year term on
    the board of directors of the combined company beginning in 2001.

   David Beirne, one of Kana's directors, and Kevin Harvey, one of Broadbase's
directors, are both managing members of Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC,
which is the general partner of several Benchmark funds that collectively hold
a significant number of shares of common stock of both Kana and Broadbase.
Entities affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC beneficially
owned 6,927,511 shares of Kana common stock, or 8.3% of its common stock, as of
February 28, 2001. Entities affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co.,
LLC beneficially owned 4,091,832 shares of Broadbase common stock, or
approximately 5.0% of its common stock, as of March 1, 2001.

   As a result, these directors and officers may be more likely to recommend
adoption of the merger agreement than Broadbase stockholders generally. See
"The Merger--Interests of Broadbase's and Kana's Management in the Merger and
Potential Conflicts of Interest."

Conditions to Closing of the Merger (See page 90)

   Whether Kana and Broadbase complete the merger depends on a number of
conditions being satisfied in addition to the approval by Kana stockholders of
the issuance of Kana common stock in connection with the merger and the
approval and adoption by Broadbase stockholders of the merger agreement and
approval of the merger. See "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to Closing the
Merger." Either Kana or Broadbase may choose to complete the merger even though
one or more of these conditions has not been satisfied, as long as applicable
law allows them to do so. Kana and Broadbase cannot be certain when, or if, the
conditions to the merger will be satisfied or waived, or that the merger will
be completed. The following conditions, among others, must be satisfied or
waived before the merger can be completed:

  . the shares of Kana common stock to be issued in exchange for Broadbase
    common stock must have been registered with the SEC under the Securities
    Act of 1933, as amended;

  . no governmental agency may have acted or entered any order or judgment
    prohibiting the merger and the relevant waiting period for antitrust
    review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
    amended, must have expired or been terminated;

  . the representations and warranties of Kana and Broadbase in the merger
    agreement must be, in the aggregate, materially true and correct;

  . Kana and Broadbase must perform and comply in all material respects with
    their respective covenants in the merger agreement;

  . Kana and Broadbase each must have received written opinions from their
    respective tax counsel that the merger will constitute a tax-free
    reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code;

  . no event, change, condition or effect that is or is reasonably likely to
    be materially adverse to either company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
    whole, may occur;

  . the shares of Kana common stock to be issued in the merger must be
    authorized for listing on the Nasdaq National Market; and

  . Kana and Broadbase must complete the headcount reductions approved by
    their respective board of directors.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (See page 91)

   Kana and Broadbase can agree at any time prior to completing the merger to
terminate the merger agreement. Also, either of Kana or Broadbase can decide,
without the other's consent, but subject to certain limitations, to terminate
the merger agreement if the merger has not been completed on or before October
31, 2001, if the other company has breached its obligations under the merger
agreement or the revolving loan agreement or for other reasons described on
page 91 under the heading "The Merger Agreement--Termination of the Merger
Agreement."

Termination Fee (See page 93)

   Kana and Broadbase have each agreed to pay the other party a termination fee
of $2.5 million if the merger agreement terminates under the circumstances that
are described on page 93 under "The Merger Agreement--Termination Fee." The
termination fee will constitute liquidated damages to the recipient and the
responsible party shall have no further liability for the action that triggered
the termination fee. The total of any termination fee received by a party plus
the amounts received by that party upon any sale of the option shares purchased
under the Kana and Broadbase stock option agreements (net of the exercise
price) cannot exceed $2.5 million.

Other Negotiations (See page 88)

   Subject to limited exceptions, the merger agreement prohibits Kana and
Broadbase from soliciting, or participating in discussions with third parties
with respect to, alternative transactions that may prevent the merger. In
addition, each company must provide the other party with information concerning
any alternative transactions. Kana and Broadbase each must also give the other
prior written notice of any meeting at which the company's board is reasonably
expected to consider an alternative transaction. The restrictions, however, do
not prohibit the boards from taking specified actions necessary to fulfill
their respective fiduciary duties if a Superior Offer (as defined on page 89),
is received.

Conduct of Kana and Broadbase Before the Merger (See page 86)

   Broadbase and Kana have each agreed that until the earlier of the closing of
the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, or unless the other
consents in writing, each of them and their subsidiaries will carry on their
business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, pay its debts and taxes
when due and perform its other material obligations. Each has also agreed to
use all reasonable efforts to preserve its relationships with customers,
suppliers, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business
dealings. Each has also agreed to notify the other of any material event
involving its business. Broadbase and Kana have also each agreed that until the
earlier of the closing of the merger and the termination of the merger
agreement, or unless the other company consents in writing (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and as contemplated by the merger
agreement, it and each of its subsidiaries will conduct its business in
compliance with specific restrictions described on page 86.

Governmental Approvals and Regulatory Requirements

   Other than compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws in
connection with the issuance of Kana common stock pursuant to the merger,
compliance with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and
compliance with applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
no federal or state regulatory requirements must be complied with in order to
complete the merger.

United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (See page 82)

   It is intended that the merger qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes. If the merger qualifies as a tax-
free reorganization, Broadbase stockholders generally will not recognize gain
or loss for United States federal income tax purposes on the exchange of their
stock for Kana common stock. Gain or loss may be realized on any cash received
in lieu of fractional shares of Kana common stock in the merger. It is a
condition to completion of the merger that each of Broadbase and Kana obtain a
legal opinion from outside counsel that the merger constitutes a
"reorganization" as that term is used in the Internal Revenue Code.

Anticipated Accounting Treatment of the Merger (See page 83)

   The merger will be treated as a purchase for accounting and financial
reporting purposes, which means that Broadbase will be treated as a separate
entity for periods prior to the closing, and thereafter as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kana. In addition, Kana may record on its balance sheet goodwill
or negative goodwill depending on the fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed in the merger. This amount is expected to be amortized over
a three-year period following the merger.

Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Kana Stock by Affiliates of Kana and
Broadbase (See page 83)

   All shares of Kana common stock that Broadbase stockholders receive in
connection with the merger will be freely transferable unless the holder is
considered an "affiliate" of either Kana or Broadbase for purposes of the
Securities Act of 1933. Shares of Kana common stock held by affiliates may be
sold only pursuant to an effective registration statement covering the resale
of the shares or an exemption under the Securities Act.

Dissenters' Appraisal Rights (See page 83)

   Under Delaware law, neither Kana nor Broadbase stockholders are entitled to
dissenters' rights of appraisal as a consequence of the merger.

Other Kana Proposals (See page 112)

   Kana is also presenting proposals to its stockholders at the Kana annual
meeting to:

  . change the name of Kana to "Kana Software, Inc." by amending Kana's
    second amended and restated certificate of incorporation;

  . amend the Kana 1999 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares
    of Kana common stock available for issuance under the 1999 Stock
    Incentive Plan by an additional 15,000,000 shares and increase the limit
    on the maximum number of shares by which the share reserve under the 1999
    Stock Incentive Plan may automatically increase each calendar year from
    6,000,000 shares to 10,000,000 shares, effective for all calendar years
    after 2001;

  . amend and restate the Kana 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to:

   . increase the number of shares of common stock issuable under the term of
     the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan by an additional 10,000,000 shares
     of common stock, from 2,122,507 shares to 12,122,507 shares;

   . increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the share
     reserve under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan may automatically
     increase each calendar year from 666,666 shares to 4,000,000 shares,
     effective for all calendar years after the 2001 calendar year; and

   . revise certain provisions of the plan document in order to facilitate
     the administration of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan; and

  . elect two directors to Kana's board of directors to serve for a three-
    year term ending in 2004 and until their successors are duly elected and
    qualified.

  The proposal to change the name of Kana requires the approval of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Kana common stock. The proposals to
amend the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and to amend and restate the 1999 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan require the approval of a majority of Kana shares present
or represented at the annual meeting and entitled to vote on such proposals.
The proposal to elect two directors to Kana's board of directors requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the Kana shares present or
represented at the annual meeting and entitled to vote on such proposal. Under
separate voting agreements in the form of Appendix II hereto, Kana's directors,
officers and their affiliates who beneficially owned an aggregate of
approximately 20.4% of Kana's common stock outstanding as of April 9, 2001
(including shares issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days
of April 9, 2001) have agreed to vote all of their shares of Kana common stock
in favor of the proposed name change.

   The Kana board of directors unanimously recommends that Kana stockholders
vote to approve each of the foregoing proposals.

Trademarks

   Kana(R) is a registered trademark, and KANA COMMUNICATIONS and Design(TM)
and the Kana logo are trademarks of Kana Communications, Inc.

   Broadbase(R) is a registered trademark of Broadbase, and Broadbase
Software(TM), Intelligent Customer Interaction(TM) and the Broadbase logo are
trademarks of Broadbase Software, Inc.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains other trade names, trademarks
and service marks of Kana, Broadbase and of other companies.

Dividend Information

   Neither Kana nor Broadbase has ever paid any cash dividends on its stock,
and Kana anticipates that, following the merger, it will continue to retain any
earnings for the foreseeable future for use in the operation of its business.
In January 2000, Kana and Broadbase each declared a stock dividend of one share
of common stock per share of common stock outstanding.

Forward-Looking Statements in this Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains forward-looking statements
within the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 with respect to Kana's and Broadbase's financial condition, results
of operations and business and the expected impact of the merger on Kana's
financial performance. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates" and similar expressions indicate
forward-looking statements, including those relating to the

proposed merger. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-
looking statements. In evaluating the merger, you should carefully consider the
discussion of risks and uncertainties in the section entitled "Risk Factors"
beginning on page 20. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward looking statements, which reflect the views of Kana's or Broadbase's
management only as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Neither Kana nor Broadbase undertakes any obligation to update these statements
or publicly release the results of any revisions to the forward-looking
statements that they may make to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

                         KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

              SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

   The selected consolidated financial data set forth on the following page
should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial
statements of Kana Communications, Inc. and related notes thereto included in
Kana's annual reports, quarterly reports and other information on file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

   The consolidated statement of operations data for each of the three years
ended December 31, 2000, and the consolidated balance sheet data at December
31, 1999 and 2000 are derived from Kana's audited consolidated financial
statements which are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
year ended December 31, 1997 and consolidated balance sheet data at December
31, 1997 and 1998 are derived from Kana's audited financial statements not
included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Kana had no significant operations prior to 1997. The information as of March
31, 2001 and for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2000 and 2001 has been
derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements that have been
prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements
and, in the opinion of Kana's management, include all adjustments, consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments and accruals, necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial condition at such date and the results of
operations for such periods. Kana acquired Silknet Software, Inc. on April 19,
2000 in a transaction accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
The results of operations of Silknet are included in Kana's results from the
date of acquisition. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of
results to be expected for any future period.

                         KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

              SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

                                                                                 Three Months Ended
                                             Years Ended December 31,                March 31,
                                      -----------------------------------------  -------------------
                                       1997      1998      1999        2000        2000      2001
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
                                              (in thousands, except per share amounts)

Consolidated Statement of Operations
 Data:
Revenues:
 License............................  $    --  $  2,014  $  10,536  $    75,360  $  7,329  $  11,857
 Service............................      617       333      3,528       43,887     3,359     12,298
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
  Total revenues....................      617     2,347     14,064      119,247    10,688     24,155
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
Cost of revenues:
 License............................       --        54        271        2,856       143        633
 Service............................      253       666      6,610       56,201     4,032     16,829
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
Total cost of revenues..............      253       720      6,881       59,057     4,175     17,462
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
Gross profit........................      364     1,627      7,183       60,190     6,513      6,693
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing................      512     5,504     21,199       88,186    11,210     26,534
 Research and development...........      971     5,669     12,854       42,724     5,239     12,949
 General and administrative.........      378     1,826      5,018       18,945     1,835      6,068
 Restructuring costs................       --        --         --           --        --     19,930
 Acquisition related costs..........       --        --      5,635        6,564        --         --
 Amortization of stock-based
  compensation......................      113     1,456     80,476       14,715     3,320      4,112
 In process research and
  development.......................       --        --         --        6,900        --         --
 Amortization of goodwill and
  identifiable intangibles..........       --        --         --      873,022        --     86,852
 Goodwill impairment................       --        --         --    2,084,841        --    603,446
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
  Total operating expenses..........    1,974    14,455    125,182    3,135,897    21,604    759,891
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
Operating loss......................   (1,610)  (12,828)  (117,999)  (3,075,707)  (15,091)  (753,198)
Other income (expense), net.........       57       227       (744)       4,834       643        302
                                      -------  --------  ---------  -----------  --------  ---------
  Net loss..........................  $(1,553) $(12,601) $(118,743) $(3,070,873) $(14,448) $(752,896)
                                      =======  ========  =========  ===========  ========  =========
Basic and diluted net loss per
 share..............................  $ (0.37) $  (2.01) $   (4.61) $    (39.57) $  (0.27) $   (8.23)
                                      =======  ========  =========  ===========  ========  =========
Shares used in computing basic and
 diluted net loss per share ........    4,152     6,258     25,772       77,610    52,550     91,518
                                      =======  ========  =========  ===========  ========  =========

                                               December 31,           March 31,
                                      ------------------------------- ---------
                                       1997   1998    1999     2000     2001
                                      ------ ------- ------- -------- ---------
                                                   (in thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-
  term investments................... $5,594 $14,035 $53,217 $ 76,499 $ 20,999
 Working capital (deficit)...........  5,364  11,833  38,591   54,234   (1,083)
 Total assets........................  6,158  16,876  70,229  980,124  213,137
 Notes payable, less current
  portion............................     51     726     412      148       75
 Total stockholders' equity.......... $5,684 $12,951 $48,500 $899,452 $150,925

                         BROADBASE SOFTWARE, INC.

              SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

   The following selected historical consolidated financial data of Broadbase
have been derived from Broadbase's consolidated financial statements and
related notes for the same periods and should be read together with those
financial statements and related notes that are incorporated into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus by reference.

   The consolidated statement of operations data for the period from November
28, 1995 (inception) to December 31, 1996 and for the years ended December 31,
1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 1996,
1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000 have been derived from Broadbase's audited
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated statement of operations
data for the three month periods ended March 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001 and
the balance sheet data as of March 31, 2001 have been derived from Broadbase's
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. The unaudited interim
financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as Broadbase's
audited financial statements and, in Broadbase's opinion, include all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which Broadbase
considers necessary for a fair presentation of its results of operations and
financial position for these periods. There is no difference between historical
basic and diluted net loss per common share since potential common shares from
the conversion of preferred stock and the exercise of options and warrants are
anti-dilutive for all periods presented. Broadbase acquired Rubric, Inc. on
February 1, 2000, Aperio, Inc. on June 23, 2000, Panopticon, Inc. on September
15, 2000, Decisionism, Inc. on December 15, 2000 and Servicesoft, Inc. on
December 18, 2000, each of which was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. The results of operations of each of these companies is included in
Broadbase's results from the respective dates of acquisition. Historical
results are not necessarily indicative of future results.

                         BROADBASE SOFTWARE, INC.

              SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

                             Period from
                          November 28, 1995                                          Three Months Ended
                           (Inception) to        Years Ended December 31,                March 31,
                            December 31,    --------------------------------------  ---------------------
                                1996         1997      1998      1999      2000       2000       2001
                          ----------------- -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
                                              (in thousands, except per share
                                                           data)                        (unaudited)

Statement of Operations
 Data:
Net revenue:
 License................       $   --       $   --   $  2,996  $  7,689  $  34,646  $  4,520  $     7,176
 Professional services..           --           --        --      1,610      9,259     1,119        3,210
 Maintenance............           --           --        443     1,143      4,349       662        2,646
                               -------      -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
 Total net revenue......           --           --      3,439    10,442     48,254     6,301       13,032
Cost of revenue:
 License................           --           --        713     1,437      4,452       607        1,047
 Professional services..           --           --        --        679     14,253     1,531        6,005
 Maintenance............           --           --        254     1,931      1,731       288          660
 Amortization of
  acquired core and
  developed technology..           --           --        --        --       1,696       264        1,632
                               -------      -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
 Total cost of revenue..           --           --        967     4,047     22,132     2,690        9,344
                               -------      -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
Gross margin............           --           --      2,472     6,395     26,122     3,611        3,688
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....           130        2,851     7,888    15,092     37,247     7,578       13,979
 Research and
  development...........           928        1,980     3,738     6,024     17,207     2,764        7,512
 General and
  administrative........           215          744     1,165     2,011      6,836     1,126        4,299
 Amortization of
  deferred stock
  compensation..........           --           --      1,133     6,403     21,284     3,510        7,917
 Amortization of
  intangible assets and
  goodwill..............           --           --        --        --      78,145    11,896       56,160
 Acquired in-process
  research and
  development...........           --           --        --        --      25,877    10,057          --
 Merger expenses........           --           --        --      1,000     45,509     6,184        6,208
 Impairment of
  intangible assets and
  goodwill..............           --           --        --        --         --        --       958,219
                               -------      -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
 Total operating
  expenses..............         1,273        5,575    13,924    30,530    232,105    43,115    1,054,294
                               -------      -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
Loss from operations....        (1,273)      (5,575)  (11,452)  (24,135)  (205,983)  (39,504)  (1,050,606)
Interest income.........            30          154       335     1,454     12,893     2,179        2,217
Interest expense........           (29)         (66)     (226)     (889)      (341)     (133)         (14)
                               -------      -------  --------  --------  ---------  --------  -----------
Net loss................       $(1,272)     $(5,487) $(11,343) $(23,570) $(193,431) $(37,458) $(1,048,403)
                               =======      =======  ========  ========  =========  ========  ===========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........       $ (2.15)     $ (3.09) $  (4.43) $  (1.87) $   (4.09) $  (0.92) $    (12.90)
                               =======      =======  ========  ========  =========  ========  ===========
Weighted-average shares
 used in computing basic
 and diluted net loss
 per share..............           592        1,774     2,562    12,592     47,259    40,532       81,267
                               =======      =======  ========  ========  =========  ========  ===========

                                         December 31,
                         ---------------------------------------------  March 31,
                          1996    1997      1998     1999      2000       2001
                         ------- -------  -------- -------- ---------- -----------
                                            (in thousands)             (unaudited)

Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents
 and short-term
 investments............ $ 5,512 $ 1,153  $ 13,990 $ 76,642 $  152,220  $130,670
Working capital.........   5,346      61     8,801   69,362    118,386   109,589
Total assets............   5,684   2,113    17,173   84,770  1,275,935   217,524
Bank line of credit,
 notes payable and
 capital lease
 obligations, net of
 current portion........     225     916     9,360      333        703       610
Stockholders' equity
 (net capital
 deficiency)............   5,266     (75)    1,226   73,206  1,205,505   169,152

        SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   The following tables show summary unaudited pro forma financial information
as if Kana and Broadbase had been combined as of the beginning of the
respective periods for statement of operations purposes and as of March 31,
2001 for balance sheet purposes.

   The summary unaudited pro forma combined financial information is derived
from the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements, which give effect
to the proposed merger of Kana and Broadbase, the merger of Kana and Silknet
Software, Inc., and the merger of Broadbase and Servicesoft using the purchase
method of accounting and should be read in conjunction with such unaudited pro
forma combined financial statements and the notes thereto included in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information is based on estimates and assumptions, which are preliminary and
have been made solely for purposes of developing such pro forma information.
The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is
not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that
would have occurred if each transaction had been consummated as of the
beginning of the respective periods or March 31, 2001, respectively, nor is it
necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position. The
unaudited pro forma combined financial information should be read in
conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements of Kana and
Broadbase and related notes thereto, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of Kana and Broadbase contained
in their respective annual reports and quarterly reports and other information
Kana and Broadbase have on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

           SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                              (In thousands)

                                                                      Three
                                                                     Months
                                                      Year Ended      Ended
                                                     December 31,   March 31,
                                                         2000         2001
                                                     ------------  -----------

Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations Data:
Total revenues.....................................  $   202,404   $    37,187
Gross profit.......................................      101,268        12,013
Acquisition-related costs..........................       52,073         6,208
Amortization of deferred stock-based compensation..       74,463        15,693
Amortization of goodwill and identifiable
 intangibles.......................................      865,025        84,853
Goodwill impairment................................    2,084,841     1,561,665
Operating loss.....................................   (3,280,809)   (1,747,677)
Net loss...........................................   (3,262,214)   (1,745,172)

                                                                       As of
                                                                     March 31,

                                                                    -----------

Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.................. $   151,669
Working capital....................................................     107,432
Intangible assets, principally goodwill............................     109,777
Total assets.......................................................     372,961
Notes payable, less current portion................................         685
Deferred credit--negative goodwill.................................      23,991
Total stockholders' equity.........................................     237,312

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

   The information below reflects:

  . the historical net loss and the December 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001 book
    value per share of Kana common stock and the historical net loss and the
    December 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001 book value per share of Broadbase
    common stock in comparison with the unaudited pro forma net loss and the
    March 31, 2001 book value per share after giving effect to the proposed
    merger of a subsidiary of Kana and Broadbase; and

  . the equivalent historical net loss and the March 31, 2001 book value per
    share attributable to 1.05 of a share Kana common stock which will be
    received for each share of Broadbase common stock.

   You should read the following tables in conjunction with the unaudited pro
forma combined financial statements of Kana included in this document, and the
historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of Kana and the
historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of Broadbase
which are incorporated by reference in this document.

                            Kana Per Share Data

                                                  As of
                                               and for the         As of
                                               Three Months     and for the
                                                  Ended         Year Ended
                                              March 31, 2001 December 31, 2000
                                              -------------- -----------------

Historical Per Common Share Data
Net loss per share--basic and diluted........    $  (8.23)        $(39.57)
Book value per share(1)......................    $   1.60         $  9.56

                            Broadbase Per Share Data

                                                  As of
                                               and for the         As of
                                               Three Months     and for the
                                                  Ended         Year Ended
                                              March 31, 2001 December 31, 2000
                                              -------------- -----------------

Historical Per Common Share Data
Net loss per share--basic and diluted........    $ (12.90)        $ (4.09)
Book value per share(1)......................    $   2.06         $ 14.87

                  Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Per Share Data

                                               Three Months
                                                  Ended         Year Ended
                                              March 31, 2001 December 31, 2000
                                              -------------- -----------------

Pro Forma Combined Net Loss Per Share
Per Kana share--basic and diluted............    $  (9.82)        $(18.91)
Equivalent per Broadbase share--basic and
 diluted(2)..................................    $ (10.31)        $(19.85)

                                                              March 31, 2001
                                                             -----------------

Pro Forma Combined Book Value Per Share (3)
Per Kana share...............................                     $  1.31
Equivalent per Broadbase share(2)............                     $  1.38

- -------

(1) The historical book value per share is computed by dividing stockholders'
    equity by the number of common shares outstanding at the end of each period
    presented.

(2) The Broadbase equivalent pro forma combined per share amounts are
    calculated by multiplying the Kana combined pro forma share amounts by the
    exchange ratio of 1.05.

(3) The pro forma combined book value per share is computed by dividing pro
    forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares outstanding at
    the end of the period.

           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

   Kana's common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "KANA" since September 22, 1999. Broadbase's common stock has traded
under the symbol "BBSW" since September 22, 1999. The following table sets
forth the high and low sales prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for
Kana common stock and Broadbase common stock for the periods indicated. The
prices shown do not include retail markups, markdowns or commissions.

                                                        Kana        Broadbase
                                                    Common Stock  Common Stock
                                                   -------------- -------------
                                                    High    Low    High   Low
                                                   ------- ------ ------ ------

   Year Ended December 31, 1999
   Third quarter (from September 22, 1999)........ $ 27.50 $22.78 $14.59 $ 7.75
   Fourth quarter.................................  122.50  24.03  71.38   7.97

   Year Ended December 31, 2000
   First quarter.................................. $175.50 $66.00 $86.00 $32.50
   Second quarter.................................   72.25  26.25  41.00  12.63
   Third quarter..................................   74.63  20.63  39.50  12.94
   Fourth quarter.................................   29.38   8.25  17.25   5.00

   Year Ending December 31, 2001
   First quarter.................................. $ 13.00 $ 1.72 $ 7.63 $ 1.55
   Second quarter (through May 17, 2001)..........    2.91   0.50   2.36   0.53

   As of May 17, 2001, there were approximately 720 record holders of Kana
common stock, and there were approximately 1,154 record holders of Broadbase
common stock. Neither Kana nor Broadbase has ever paid cash dividends on its
common stock. In January 2000, Kana and Broadbase each declared a stock
dividend of one share of common stock per one share of common stock
outstanding. Kana and Broadbase intend to retain earnings, if any, to support
the development of their respective businesses and neither anticipates paying
cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Following completion of the merger,
Kana common stock will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq National Market, and
there will be no further market for Broadbase common stock.

   The following table sets forth the closing per share sale prices of Kana
common stock and Broadbase common stock as reported on The Nasdaq National
Market and the estimated equivalent per share price, as explained below, of
common stock on April 6, 2001, the last full trading day before the public
announcement of the proposed merger, and on May 17, 2001.

                                                                      Estimated
                                                                      Equivalent
                                                      Kana  Broadbase Broadbase
                                                     Common  Common   Per Share
                                                     Stock    Stock     Price
                                                     ------ --------- ----------

   April 6, 2001.................................... $0.88    $0.72     $0.92
   May 17, 2001..................................... $1.75    $1.63     $1.84

   The estimated equivalent per share price of Broadbase common stock equals
the exchange ratio of 1.05 multiplied by the price of a share of Kana common
stock. If the merger had occurred on May 17, 2001, you would have received 1.05
shares of Kana common stock worth $1.84 for each share of Broadbase common
stock you owned on that date. The actual equivalent per share price of a share
of Broadbase common stock that you will receive if the merger is completed may
be different from this price because the per share price of Kana common stock
on The Nasdaq National Market fluctuates continuously.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   By voting in favor of the merger, Broadbase stockholders will be choosing to
invest in Kana common stock. An investment in Kana common stock involves a high
degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk
factors in deciding whether to vote for the merger. If any of the following
risks actually occur, the business and prospects of Broadbase or Kana may be
seriously harmed. In such case, the trading price of Kana common stock would
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

                          Risks Related to the Merger

Broadbase stockholders will receive a fixed number of shares of Kana common
stock despite changes in market value of Broadbase common stock or Kana common
stock, and the dollar value of Kana common stock received in the merger may
increase or decrease after Broadbase stockholders submit their proxies

   Upon the merger's completion, each share of Broadbase common stock will be
exchanged for 1.05 shares of Kana common stock. There will be no adjustment for
changes in the market price of either Broadbase common stock or Kana common
stock. In addition, neither Broadbase nor Kana may terminate the merger
agreement or "walk away" from the merger or resolicit the vote of its
stockholders solely because of changes in the market price of Kana common
stock. Accordingly, the specific dollar value of Kana common stock that
Broadbase stockholders will receive upon the merger's completion will depend on
the market value of Kana common stock when the merger is completed and may
decrease from the date you submit your proxy. The market price of Kana common
stock is by nature subject to the general price fluctuations in the market for
publicly traded equity securities and has experienced significant volatility.
In addition, the market price of Kana common stock may decline as a result of
any of the risks set forth below. We urge you to obtain recent market
quotations for Kana common stock and Broadbase common stock. Kana cannot
predict or give any assurances as to the market price of Kana common stock at
any time before or after the completion of the merger.

Kana and Broadbase may not achieve the benefits they expect from the merger

   Kana and Broadbase entered into the merger agreement with the expectation
that the merger will result in significant benefits. Achieving the benefits of
the merger depends on the timely, efficient and successful execution of a
number of post-merger events. Key events include:

  .  integrating the operations and personnel and eliminating redundancies of
     the two companies;

  .  integrating the products and technologies of the two companies;

  .  offering the existing products and services of each company to the other
     company's customers; and

  .  developing new products and services that utilize the assets of both
     companies.

   Kana and Broadbase will need to overcome significant issues, however, in
order to realize any benefits or synergies from the merger. The successful
execution of these post-merger events will involve considerable risk and may
not be successful.

   Operations and personnel. Broadbase provides customer-focused analytic,
marketing automation and e-service software applications that analyze customer
data from multiple touch points, and use that information to execute marketing
campaigns, improve online merchandising and content, increase site stickiness
and personalize all customer interactions. Kana provides Web-architected
enterprise relationship management (eRM) solutions, delivers a broad range of
integrated e-business and interaction applications with a modular and scalable
platform for both Internet and Global 2000 companies, and has very limited
experience in Broadbase's business. In order for the merger to be successful,
Kana must successfully integrate Broadbase's operations and personnel with
Kana's operations and personnel. Failure to complete the integration
successfully could result in the loss of key personnel and customers.

   Products and Services. Each company initially intends to offer its
respective products and services to the customers of the other company. There
can be no assurance that either company's customers will have any interest in
the other company's products and services. The failure of such cross-marketing
efforts would diminish the synergies expected to be realized by this merger.

   In addition, Kana intends after the merger to integrate the products of the
two companies into an integrated solution, and to develop new products and
services that strengthen this solution. To date, the companies have not
thoroughly investigated the obstacles, technological, market-driven or
otherwise, to developing and marketing these new products and services in a
timely and efficient way. Kana's products have historically operated on a
variety of operating platforms, including UNIX and Windows NT, while most of
Broadbase's products have historically operated only on Windows NT. This may
create integration issues between the technologies and challenges in selling
the combined product suite. There can be no assurance that Kana will be able to
overcome these obstacles, or that there will be a market for new products and
services developed by Kana after the merger.

   In general, neither company can offer any assurances that they can
successfully integrate or realize the anticipated benefits of the merger. The
failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's
business, financial condition and operating results or could result in the loss
of key personnel. In addition, the attention and effort devoted to the
integration of the two companies will significantly divert management's
attention from other important issues, and could seriously harm the combined
company.

Failure to complete the merger could harm Kana's cash position

   Kana and Broadbase have entered into a revolving loan agreement concurrently
with entering into the merger agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the loan
agreement, Broadbase has agreed to make available to Kana a revolving credit
facility up to an aggregate principal amount of $20.0 million. As of May 17,
2001, Kana has drawn down $8.2 million under the revolving loan agreement. In
addition, Kana and Broadbase have agreed upon a form of convertible promissory
note to be issued by Kana to Broadbase in exchange for loans under the credit
facility. Under certain circumstances, if the merger is terminated, Broadbase
will no longer be obligated to make loans to Kana, and Broadbase may declare
any obligations of Kana under the loan agreement to be due and payable in 30
days, which may harm Kana's cash position.

Broadbase's officers and directors have conflicts of interest that may
influence them to support or approve the merger

   The directors and officers of Broadbase participate in arrangements and have
continuing indemnification against liabilities that provide them with interests
in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, yours, including the
following:

  . Certain executive officers of Broadbase have employment agreements under
    which they will be entitled to 50% accelerated vesting of their
    outstanding options, including the Broadbase options assumed by Kana in
    the merger, in the event they are not offered employment by the combined
    company in a comparable position and at a comparable salary after the
    merger.

  . Massood Zarrabian, an employee member of Broadbase's board of directors,
    has an employment agreement under which he will be entitled to 12 months
    of salary continuation payments and 50% accelerated vesting of his
    outstanding options in the event that he is not offered employment by
    Kana in a comparable position and at comparable salary or his employment
    is terminated by the combined company without just cause prior to
    December 19, 2002.

  . Robert Davoli, a non-employee member of Broadbase's board of directors,
    has a restricted stock purchase agreement under which he will be entitled
    to 100% accelerated vesting of his shares purchased under the agreement
    upon the closing of the merger.

  . Kana has agreed that Chuck Bay, the president and chief executive officer
    of Broadbase, will be appointed president and chief executive officer of
    the combined company following the merger.

  . Kana has agreed to cause the surviving corporation in the merger to
    indemnify each present and former Broadbase officer and director against
    liabilities arising out of such person's service as an officer or
    director. The surviving corporation in the merger will maintain officer's
    and director's liability insurance to cover any such liabilities for the
    next six years.

  . Kana has agreed that upon completion of the merger, Chuck Bay and Massood
    Zarrabian, each of whom are currently Broadbase directors, will be
    appointed to the board of directors of the combined company. In addition,
    Kana's board of directors has nominated Kevin Harvey for election to a
    three year term on the board of directors of the combined company
    beginning in 2001.

   David Beirne, one of Kana's directors, and Kevin Harvey, one of Broadbase's
directors, are both managing members of Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC,
which is the general partner of several Benchmark funds which collectively hold
a significant number of shares of common stock of both companies. Entities
affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC beneficially owned
6,927,511 shares of Kana common stock, or 8.3% of its common stock as of
February 28, 2001. Entities affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co.,
LLC beneficially owned 4,091,832 shares of Broadbase common stock, or
approximately 5.0% of its common stock as of March 1, 2001.

   For the above reasons, the directors and officers of Broadbase could be more
likely to vote to approve the merger agreement than if they did not hold these
interests. Broadbase stockholders should consider whether these interests may
have influenced these directors and officers to support or recommend the
merger.

The merger may fail to qualify as a reorganization, resulting in the
recognition of taxable gains or losses on Broadbase shares

   Kana and Broadbase have structured the merger to qualify as a reorganization
under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Although the Internal
Revenue Service has not provided a ruling on the matter, Kana and Broadbase
expect to obtain legal opinions from their respective counsel that the merger
qualifies as a reorganization. These opinions do not bind the IRS or prevent
the IRS from adopting a contrary position. If the merger fails to qualify as a
reorganization and the companies decide to proceed with the merger, Broadbase
stockholders generally would recognize gains or losses on each share of
Broadbase common stock surrendered in the amount of the difference between the
basis in that share and the fair market value of the Kana common stock received
in exchange for that share at the effective time of the merger.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the stock price of Kana
and Broadbase and their future businesses and operations

   If the merger is not completed for any reason, Kana and Broadbase may be
subject to a number of material risks, including the following:

  . either Kana or Broadbase may be required under certain circumstances to
    pay to the other a termination fee of $2.5 million and reimburse the
    other for expenses incurred to collect that fee;

  . the price of Kana's or Broadbase's common stock may decline to the extent
    that the current market price of their common stock reflects a market
    assumption that the merger will be completed; and

  . costs incurred by Kana and Broadbase related to the merger, such as
    legal, accounting and a portion of financial advisor fees, must be paid
    even if the merger is not completed.

Announcement of the merger may delay or defer customer and supplier decisions
concerning Kana and Broadbase, which may negatively affect their respective
businesses

   Kana and Broadbase customers and suppliers, in response to the announcement
of the merger, may delay or defer decisions concerning them. In addition,
customers or channel partners of Kana or Broadbase may seek to change existing
agreements they have with either company as a result of the merger. Any delay
or deferral in those decisions or changes in company contracts by Kana's and
Broadbase's customers or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on
their respective business, regardless of whether the merger is ultimately
completed.

Similarly, current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about
their future roles with either company until their strategies with regard to
each other are announced or executed. This may adversely affect Kana's and
Broadbase's ability to attract and retain key management, sales, marketing and
technical personnel.

Kana and Broadbase have entered into agreements that would severely limit the
ability of either company to combine with a third party if the merger is not
completed

   If the merger is terminated and either Kana or Broadbase's board of
directors determines to seek another merger or business combination, there can
be no assurance that they will be able to find a partner willing to enter into
an equivalent or more attractive agreement than the merger agreement. In
addition, while the merger agreement is in effect and subject to very narrowly
defined exceptions, Kana and Broadbase are prohibited from soliciting,
initiating or encouraging or entering into certain extraordinary transactions,
such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, with any party
other than each other. These factors could also adversely affect Kana's or
Broadbase's stock price.

   The stock options Kana and Broadbase have granted to each other under the
stock option agreements give the recipient the right to purchase up to 19.9% of
newly issued common stock of the grantor at a favorable price, less, in the
case of Broadbase, any amounts previously converted under the revolving loan
agreement between Kana and Broadbase. The stock options are exercisable by the
recipient upon certain events associated with a competing transaction between
the grantor and a third party. The distribution and license agreement between
Kana and Broadbase gives each party a worldwide license to all of the other
party's intellectual property at a favorable royalty, including the right under
certain circumstances to receive the other party's source code, currently being
held in escrow, and does not terminate upon the termination of the merger
agreement. The revolving loan agreement provides that any amounts outstanding
under the agreement must be repaid within 30 days of specified events,
including events relating to breach of the non-solicitation provisions of the
merger agreement. The terms of the revolving loan agreement, the stock options
and the distribution and license agreement, either alone or in combination with
each other, will make it substantially more difficult for either party to
pursue a competing transaction with a third party because of the obstacles
posed by these agreements to a potential third party suitor. For example, a
third party who proposed to merge with either Kana or Broadbase in an alternate
transaction might have to negotiate with a 19.9% stockholder opposed to the
alternate transaction who holds a license to all of the intellectual property
of the potential target that would survive the transaction and might have to
agree to pay Kana's outstanding debt under the revolving loan agreement.
Accordingly, the failure of Kana or Broadbase stockholders to approve the
merger would put their respective companies in a position where substantial
actions had been taken in furtherance of a merger that would be abandoned and
where an alternate transaction would be extremely difficult to negotiate.

Kana and Broadbase have both acquired several companies in the recent past and
the ability of Kana to successfully integrate those companies or Broadbase may
be negatively impacted by the merger

   In the past 18 months, Broadbase has acquired Rubric, Inc., Aperio, Inc.,
Panopticon, Inc., Decisionism, Inc. and Servicesoft, Inc. and Broadbase needs
to complete the assimilation of these companies' operations into its
operations. In the past 18 months, Kana has acquired Silknet Software, Inc.,
Business Evolution, Inc., netDialog, Inc. and Connectify, Inc. and Kana needs
to complete the assimilation of these companies' operations into its
operations. The merger of Kana and Broadbase will require Kana to assimilate
the operations of Broadbase into its operations and in addition may complicate
its ability to complete the assimilation of the operations of Rubric, Aperio,
Panopticon, Decisionism, Servicesoft, Silknet, Business Evolution, netDialog
and Connectify. Any failure by Kana to successfully assimilate any of these
operations could negatively affect the quality of Kana's products, Kana's
ability to respond to its customers and retain key personnel, and Kana's
business in general.

The merger may go forward even though material adverse changes result from the
announcement of the merger, the economy as a whole, industry-wide changes and
other causes

   In general, either party can refuse to complete the merger if there is a
material adverse change affecting the other party before the closing. But
certain types of changes will not prevent the merger from going forward, even
if they would have a material adverse effect on Kana or Broadbase. Changes
affecting the economy as a whole, industry-wide changes, changes in trading
prices or volume for either company's stock and changes resulting from the
announcement of the merger will not allow either party to walk away from the
merger. In addition, short term variations in revenue for either company and
consequences of the headcount reductions implemented by both companies are
expressly exempted from changes that will allow one or both parties to abandon
the merger. If adverse changes occur but Kana and Broadbase must still complete
the merger, Kana's stock price may suffer. This in turn may reduce the value of
the merger to Kana and Broadbase stockholders.

The market price of Kana common stock may decline as a result of the merger

   The market price of Kana common stock may decline as a result of the merger
if:

  . the integration of Kana and Broadbase is unsuccessful;

  . Kana does not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly or
    to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or investors;
    or

  . the effect of the merger on Kana's financial results is not consistent
    with the expectations of financial or industry analysts or investors.

   The market price of the Kana common stock could also decline as a result of
factors related to the merger which may currently be unforeseen.

After completion of the merger, Kana will compete against both Kana's and
Broadbase's current competitors, and may face competition from additional
companies

   After the merger, the level of competition encountered by the combined
companies of Kana and Broadbase may increase. As Kana and Broadbase combine and
enhance their product lines to offer a more comprehensive e-Business software
solution, they will increasingly compete with large, established providers of
customer management and communication solutions such as Siebel Systems, Inc. as
well as other competitors, such as E.piphany, Inc. The combined product line
may not be sufficient to successfully compete with the product offerings
available from these companies, which could slow the growth of the combined
company and harm its business.

If Kana is not able to successfully cross-sell Kana and Broadbase's products
and services to Broadbase and Kana customers, this may negatively affect Kana's
operating results

   Kana intends to offer its current products to Broadbase customers, and
Broadbase's current products to existing customers of Kana products. There can
be no assurance that either company's customers will have an interest in the
other company's products and services. The failure of cross-marketing efforts
would diminish Kana and Broadbase's ability to achieve one of the benefits that
the companies expect to realize as a result of the merger, and could have a
material, negative impact on Kana and Broadbase's business, financial condition
and operating results.

Failure to retain key employees could diminish the anticipated benefits of the
merger

   The success of the merger will depend in part on the retention of personnel
critical to the business and operations of the combined company due to, for
example, their technical skills or management expertise. Employees may
experience uncertainty about their future role with Kana and Broadbase until
strategies with regard to Broadbase's employees are announced or executed. Kana
and Broadbase have different corporate

cultures, and Kana and Broadbase employees may not want to work for the
combined company. In addition, competitors may recruit employees during Kana's
integration of Broadbase, as is common in high technology mergers. If Kana and
Broadbase are unable to retain personnel that are critical to the successful
integration of the companies, Kana and Broadbase could face disruptions to
operations, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated
additional recruitment and training costs. In addition, the loss of key
personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger.

Kana's failure to comply with Nasdaq's listing standards could result in its
delisting by Nasdaq from the Nasdaq National Market and severely limit the
ability to sell any of Kana's common stock

   Kana's stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq National Market. Under
Nasdaq's listing maintenance standards, if the closing bid price of Kana's
common stock is under $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, Nasdaq
will notify Kana that it may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market. If
the closing bid price of Kana's common stock does not thereafter regain
compliance for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days during the 90 days
following notification by Nasdaq, Nasdaq may delist Kana's common stock from
trading on the Nasdaq National Market. There can be no assurance that Kana's
common stock will remain eligible for trading on the Nasdaq National Market,
which is a condition to closing the merger with Broadbase. In addition, if
Kana's stock is delisted after the merger, you would not be able to sell Kana
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market and your ability to sell any of
Kana's common stock at all would be severely, if not completely, limited.
Kana's common stock has reached a high of $175.50 and traded as low as $0.50
through May 17, 2001.

The role of acquisitions in the growth of the combined company may be limited,
which could seriously harm its continued operations

   In the past, acquisitions have been an important part of the growth strategy
for each of Kana and Broadbase. To gain access to key technologies, new
products and broader customer bases, each of Kana and Broadbase has acquired
companies in exchange for shares of its common stock. Because the recent
trading prices of Kana's and Broadbase's common stock have been significantly
lower than in the past, the role of acquisitions in the growth of the combined
company may be substantially limited. If the combined company is unable to
acquire companies in exchange for its common stock, it may not have access to
new customers, needed technological advances or new products and enhancements
to existing products. This would substantially impair the ability of the
combined company to respond to market opportunities, which could adversely
affect its operating results and financial condition.

                             Risks Related to Kana

Because Kana has a limited operating history, there is limited information upon
which you can evaluate Kana's business

   Kana is still in the early stages of its development, and Kana's limited
operating history makes it difficult to evaluate its business and prospects.
Kana was incorporated in July 1996 and first recorded revenue in February 1998.
Thus, Kana has a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate its
business and prospects. Due to Kana's limited operating history, it is
difficult or impossible to predict future results of operations. For example,
Kana cannot forecast operating expenses based on its historical results because
they are limited, and it is required to forecast expenses in part on future
revenue projections. Moreover, due to Kana's limited operating history, any
evaluation of its business and prospects must be made in light of the risks and
uncertainties often encountered by early-stage companies in Internet-related
markets. Many of these risks are discussed in the subheadings below, and
include Kana's ability to:

  . attract more customers;

  . implement its sales, marketing and after-sales service initiatives, both
    domestically and internationally;

  . execute its product development activities;

  . anticipate and adapt to the changing Internet market;

  . attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel;

  . respond to actions taken by its competitors;

  . continue to build an infrastructure to effectively manage growth and
    handle any future increased usage; and

  . integrate acquired businesses, technologies, products and services.

   If Kana is unsuccessful in addressing these risks or in executing its
business strategy, its business, results of operations and financial condition
would be materially and adversely affected.

Kana's quarterly revenues and operating results may fluctuate in future periods
and Kana may fail to meet expectations, which may cause the price of Kana's
common stock to decline

   Kana's quarterly revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and
may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter particularly because its
products and services are relatively new and its prospects are uncertain. If
quarterly revenues or operating results fall below the expectations of
investors or public market analysts, the price of Kana's common stock could
decline substantially. Factors that might cause quarterly fluctuations in
Kana's operating results include the factors described in the subheadings below
as well as:

  . the evolving and varying demand for customer communication software
    products and services for e-businesses, particularly Kana's products and
    services;

  . budget and spending decisions by information technology departments of
    Kana's customers;

  . costs associated with integrating Broadbase and Kana's other recent
    acquisitions, and costs associated with any future acquisitions;

  . Kana's ability to manage its expenses;

  . the timing of new releases of its products;

  . the discretionary nature of Kana's customers' purchasing and budgetary
    cycles;

  . changes in Kana's pricing policies or those of its competitors;

  . the timing of execution of large contracts that materially affect Kana's
    operating results;

  . the mix of sales channels through which Kana's products and services are
    sold;

  . the mix of Kana's domestic and international sales;

  . costs related to the customization of Kana's products;

  . Kana's ability to expand its operations, and the amount and timing of
    expenditures related to this expansion;

  . decisions by customers and potential customers to delay purchasing Kana's
    products; and

  . global economic conditions, as well as those specific to large
    enterprises with high e-mail volume.

   Kana also often offers volume-based pricing, which may affect operating
margins. Most of Kana's expenses, such as employee compensation and rent, are
relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, Kana's expense levels are based,
in part, on its expectations regarding future revenue levels. As a result, if
total revenues for a particular quarter are below expectations, Kana could not
proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter. Therefore, this
revenue shortfall would have a disproportionate effect on Kana's expected
operating results for that quarter. In addition, because Kana's service revenue
is largely correlated with its license revenue, a decline in license revenue
could also cause a decline in service revenue in the same quarter or in
subsequent quarters.

   Due to the foregoing factors, Kana believes that quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of its operating results are not a good indication of its future
performance.

Kana has a history of losses and may not be profitable in the future and may
not be able to generate sufficient revenue or funding to continue as a going
concern

   Since Kana began operations in 1997, its revenues have not been sufficient
to support its operations, and Kana has incurred substantial operating losses
in every quarter. As a result of accumulated operating losses, Kana has a
significant accumulated deficit. This has caused some of Kana's potential
customers to question its viability, which has in turn hampered its ability to
sell some of its products. Since inception, Kana has funded its business
primarily through selling its stock, not from cash generated by its business.
Kana's growth in recent periods has been from a limited base of customers, and
Kana may not be able to increase revenues sufficiently to keep pace with its
growing expenditures. Kana may not be able to increase its revenue growth in
the future. Specifically, as a result of uncertainties in its business, Kana
has experienced and expects to continue to experience difficulties in
collecting outstanding receivables from its customers and attracting new
customers. As a result, Kana expects to continue to experience losses and
negative cash flows, even if sales of Kana's products and services continue to
grow, and it may not generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability in
the future. If Kana does achieve profitability, Kana may not be able to sustain
or increase any profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.
Accordingly, Kana plans to reduce its operating expenses and may require
additional financing. There can be no assurance that Kana will be able to
achieve expense reductions or that any such financing would be available on
acceptable terms, if at all. With the decline in Kana's stock price, any such
financing is likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Kana's auditors
have included a paragraph in their report for the year ended December 31, 2000
indicating that substantial doubt exists as to its ability to continue as a
going concern.

Kana may incur non-cash charges related to issuances of Kana's equity which
could harm Kana's operating results

   In connection with the issuance of 400,000 shares of Kana's common stock and
a warrant to purchase up to 725,000 shares of Kana's common stock to Accenture
pursuant to a stock and warrant purchase agreement dated September 6, 2000,
Kana will incur substantial charges to stock-based compensation. With respect
to the 400,000 shares of common stock, Kana recorded $14.8 million of deferred
stock-based compensation which will be amortized over the four-year term of
Kana's alliance with Accenture based upon the fair market value of Kana's
common stock on September 6, 2000, the date of closing, of $37.125 per share.
With respect to the warrant, 125,000 shares of common stock were fully vested
and exercisable under the warrant and were valued on September 6, 2000 using
the Black-Scholes model and are being amortized over four years. On the
unearned portion of the warrant, Kana will incur a charge to stock-based
compensation when certain performance goals are achieved. This charge will be
measured using the Black-Scholes valuation model and the fair market value of
Kana's common stock at the time of achievement of these goals. Accordingly,
significant increases in Kana's stock price could result in substantial non-
cash accounting charges and variations in Kana's results of operations. In
addition, we may issue additional warrants in the future that may result in
adverse accounting charges.

Kana may be unable to hire and retain the skilled personnel necessary to
develop Kana's engineering, professional services and support capabilities in
order to continue to grow

   Kana may increase its sales, marketing, engineering, professional services
and product management personnel in the future. Competition for these
individuals is intense, and Kana may not be able to attract, assimilate or
retain highly qualified personnel in the future. Kana's business cannot
continue to grow if Kana cannot attract qualified personnel. Kana's failure to
attract and retain the highly trained personnel that are integral to its
product development and professional services group, which is the group
responsible for implementation and customization of, and technical support for,
Kana's products and services, may limit the rate at which Kana can develop and
install new products or product enhancements, which would harm Kana's

business. Kana may need to increase its staff to support new customers and the
expanding needs of Kana's existing customers, without compromising the quality
of its customer service. Since Kana's inception, a number of employees have
left or have been terminated, and Kana expects to lose more employees in the
future. Recently, Kana restructured its organization and terminated a
significant number of employees in the process. Hiring qualified professional
services personnel, as well as sales, marketing, administrative and research
and development personnel, is very competitive in Kana's industry, particularly
in the San Francisco Bay Area, where Kana is headquartered, due to the limited
number of people available with the necessary technical skills. Kana faces
greater difficulty attracting these personnel with equity incentives as a
public company than it did as a privately held company. Because Kana's stock
price has recently suffered a significant decline, stock-based compensation,
including options to purchase Kana's common stock, may have diminished
effectiveness as employee hiring and retention devices. In addition, Kana
recently terminated an offer to allow some of its employees with out-of-the-
money stock options to obtain new options with a lower exercise price. If
Kana's retention efforts are ineffective, employee turnover could increase and
Kana's ability to provide client service and execute its strategy would be
negatively affected.

Kana's workforce reduction and financial performance may adversely affect the
morale and performance of Kana's personnel and its ability to hire new
personnel

   In connection with Kana's effort to streamline operations, reduce costs and
bring its staffing and structure in line with industry standards, it recently
restructured its organization in the first four months of 2001 with reductions
in its workforce by approximately 650 employees. There have been and may
continue to be substantial costs associated with the workforce reduction
related to severance and other employee-related costs, and Kana's restructuring
plan may yield unanticipated consequences, such as attrition beyond its planned
reduction in workforce. As a result of these reductions, Kana's ability to
respond to unexpected challenges may be impaired and Kana may be unable to take
advantage of new opportunities. In addition, many of the employees who were
terminated possessed specific knowledge or expertise, and that knowledge or
expertise may prove to have been important to Kana's operations. In that case,
their absence may create significant difficulties. Further, the reduction in
force may reduce employee morale and may create concern among existing
employees about job security, which may lead to increased turnover. This
headcount reduction may subject Kana to the risk of litigation. In addition,
recent trading levels of Kana's common stock have decreased the value of the
stock options granted to employees pursuant to Kana's stock option plans. As a
result of these factors, Kana's remaining personnel may seek employment with
larger, more established companies or companies they perceive as having less
volatile stock prices.

Kana may face difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified sales personnel to
sell Kana's products and services, which could harm Kana's ability to increase
its revenues in the future

   Kana's financial success depends to a large degree on the ability of its
direct sales force to increase sales to a level required to adequately fund
marketing and product development activities. Therefore, Kana's ability to
increase revenues in the future depends considerably upon its success in
recruiting, training and retaining additional direct sales personnel and the
success of the direct sales force. Also, it may take a new salesperson a number
of months before he or she becomes a productive member of Kana's sales force.
Kana's business will be harmed if it fails to hire or retain qualified sales
personnel, or if newly hired salespeople fail to develop the necessary sales
skills or develop these skills more slowly than it anticipates.

Kana has appointed a new chief executive officer, a new president, a new
interim chief financial officer, and a new chief operating officer, and the
integration of these officers may interfere with Kana's operations

   In February 2001, Kana announced the appointment of Art M. Rodriguez as its
interim chief financial officer, replacing Brian K. Allen, its former chief
financial officer. In January 2001, Kana announced the appointment of James C.
Wood as its new chief executive officer and chairman of the board, in
connection with the January 2001 resignation of its former chief executive
officer and chairman of the board, Michael J.

McCloskey, for health reasons. Kana also announced the appointment of David B.
Fowler as Kana's new president and Nigel K. Donovan as Kana's new chief
operating officer. The transitions of Messrs. Rodriguez, Wood, Fowler and
Donovan have resulted and will continue to result in disruption to Kana's
ongoing operations, and these transitions may materially harm the way that the
market perceives Kana and the price of its common stock.

Kana faces substantial competition and may not be able to compete effectively

   The market for Kana's products and services is intensely competitive,
evolving and subject to rapid technological change. In addition, changes in the
perceived needs of customers for specific products, features and services may
result in Kana's products becoming uncompetitive. Kana expects the intensity of
competition to increase in the future. Increased competition may result in
price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share.

   Kana currently faces competition for its products from systems designed by
in-house and third-party development efforts. Kana expects that these systems
will continue to be a principal source of competition for the foreseeable
future. Kana's competitors include a number of companies offering one or more
products for the e-business communications and relationship management market,
some of which compete directly with Kana's products. For example, Kana's
competitors include companies providing stand-alone point solutions, including
Annuncio, Inc., AskJeeves, Inc., Brightware, Inc., Digital Impact, Inc., eGain
Communications Corp., E.piphany, Inc., Inference Corp., Marketfirst, Inc., Live
Person, Inc., Avaya, Inc. and Responsys.com. In addition, Kana competes with
companies providing traditional, client-server based customer management and
communications solutions, such as Clarify Inc. (which was acquired by Northern
Telecom), Alcatel, Cisco Systems, Inc., Lucent Technologies, Inc., Message
Media, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Pivotal Corporation, Siebel Systems, Inc. and
Vantive Corporation (which was acquired by PeopleSoft, Inc.). Changes in Kana's
products may also impact the ability of Kana's sales force to effectively sell.
Furthermore, Kana may face increased competition should Kana expand its product
line, through acquisition of complementary businesses such as Broadbase or
otherwise.

   Many of Kana's competitors have longer operating histories, significantly
greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, significantly
greater name recognition and a larger installed base of customers than Kana
has. In addition, many of Kana's competitors have well-established
relationships with Kana's current and potential customers and have extensive
knowledge of its industry. Kana may lose potential customers to competitors for
various reasons, including the ability or willingness of competitors to offer
lower prices and other incentives that Kana cannot match. Accordingly, it is
possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and
rapidly acquire significant market share. Kana also expects that competition
will increase as a result of recently-announced industry consolidations, as
well as future consolidations.

   Kana may not be able to compete successfully against current and future
competitors, and competitive pressures may seriously harm its business.

Kana's failure to consummate its expected sales in any given quarter could
dramatically harm its operating results because of the large size of typical
orders

   Kana's sales cycle is subject to a number of significant risks, including
customers' budgetary constraints and internal acceptance reviews, over which it
has little or no control. Consequently, if sales expected from a specific
customer in a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter, Kana is
unlikely to be able to generate revenue from alternate sources in time to
compensate for the shortfall. As a result, and due to the relatively large size
of a typical order, a lost or delayed sale could result in revenues that are
lower than expected. Moreover, to the extent that significant sales occur
earlier than anticipated, revenues for subsequent quarters may be lower than
expected.

Kana may not be able to forecast its revenues accurately because Kana's
products have a long and variable sales cycle

   The long sales cycle for Kana's products may cause license revenue and
operating results to vary significantly from period to period. To date, the
sales cycle for Kana's products has taken 3 to 12 months in the United States
and longer in foreign countries. Kana's sales cycle has required pre-purchase
evaluation by a significant number of individuals in its customers'
organizations. Along with third parties that often jointly market Kana's
software with Kana, Kana invests significant amounts of time and resources
educating and providing information to prospective customers regarding the use
and benefits of its products. Many of Kana's customers evaluate its software
slowly and deliberately, depending on the specific technical capabilities of
the customer, the size of the deployment, the complexity of the customer's
network environment, and the quantity of hardware and the degree of hardware
configuration necessary to deploy Kana's products. In the event that the
current economic downturn were to continue, the sales cycle for Kana's products
may become longer and Kana may require more resources to complete sales.

Kana's stock price has been highly volatile and has experienced a significant
decline, particularly because its business depends on the Internet, and may
continue to be volatile and decline

   The trading price of Kana's common stock has fluctuated widely in the past
and is expected to continue to do so in the future, as a result of a number of
factors, many of which are outside Kana's control. In addition, the stock
market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected
the market prices of many technology and computer software companies,
particularly Internet-related companies, and that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These broad
market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of Kana's common
stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
particular company's securities, securities class action litigation has often
been brought against that company. Securities class action litigation could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of Kana's management's attention
and resources. Kana's common stock reached a high of $175.50 and traded as low
as $0.50 through May 17, 2001. The last reported sales price of Kana shares on
May 17, 2001 was $1.75.

Future sales of stock could affect Kana's stock price

   If Kana's stockholders sell substantial amounts of its common stock,
including shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants
and shares to be issued in connection with the merger with Broadbase, in the
public market, the market price of Kana's common stock could fall. These sales
also might make it more difficult for Kana to sell equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a time and price that Kana deems appropriate.

Difficulties in implementing Kana's products could harm Kana's revenues and
margins

   Forecasting Kana's revenues depends upon the timing of implementation of its
products. This implementation typically involves working with sophisticated
software, computing and communications systems. If Kana experiences
difficulties with implementation or does not meet project milestones in a
timely manner, Kana could be obligated to devote more customer support,
engineering and other resources to a particular project. Some customers may
also require Kana to develop customized features or capabilities. If new or
existing customers have difficulty deploying Kana's products or require
significant amounts of its professional services support or customized
features, Kana's revenue recognition could be further delayed and its costs
could increase, causing increased variability in its operating results.

Kana's business depends on the acceptance of Kana's products and services, and
it is uncertain whether the market will accept Kana's products and services

   Kana is not certain that its target customers will widely adopt and deploy
Kana's products and services. Kana's future financial performance will depend
on the successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new and
enhanced versions of Kana's products and services. In the future, Kana may not
be successful in marketing its products and services, including any new or
enhanced products.

A failure to manage Kana's internal operating and financial functions could
lead to inefficiencies in conducting Kana's business and subject Kana to
increased expenses

   Kana's ability to offer its products and services successfully in a rapidly
evolving market requires an effective planning and management process. Kana has
limited experience in managing rapid growth. Kana has experienced a period of
growth in connection with the mergers it has completed that has placed a
significant strain on its managerial, financial and personnel resources. In
August 1999, Kana acquired Connectify, and in December 1999, Kana acquired
netDialog and Business Evolution. On April 19, 2000, Kana completed its merger
with Silknet. Kana's business will suffer if it fails to manage this growth
successfully. Moreover, Kana will need to assimilate substantially all of
Broadbase's operations into Kana's operations if the merger with Broadbase is
completed. Any additional growth will further strain Kana's management,
financial, personnel, internal training and other resources. To manage any
future growth effectively, Kana must improve its financial and accounting
systems, controls, reporting systems and procedures, integrate new personnel
and manage expanded operations. Any failure to do so could negatively affect
the quality of Kana's products, its ability to respond to its customers and
retain key personnel, and its business in general.

Delays in the development of new products or enhancements to existing products
would hurt Kana's sales and damage its reputation

   To be competitive, Kana must develop and introduce on a timely basis new
products and product enhancements for companies with significant e-business
customer interactions needs. Kana's ability to deliver competitive products may
be impacted by the resources Kana has to devote to the suite of products, the
rate of change of competitive products and required company responses to
changes in the demands of its customers. Any failure to do so could harm Kana's
business. If Kana experiences product delays in the future, Kana may face:

  . customer dissatisfaction;

  . cancellation of orders and license agreements;

  . negative publicity;

  . loss of revenues;

  . slower market acceptance; and

  . legal action by customers.

   In the future, Kana's efforts to remedy this situation may not be successful
and it may lose customers as a result. Delays in bringing to market new
products or their enhancements, or the existence of defects in new products or
their enhancements, could be exploited by Kana's competitors. If Kana were to
lose market share as a result of lapses in its product management, Kana's
business would suffer.

Kana may face increased costs or customer disputes as a result of its recent
decision to eliminate its Kana Online service and its future revenue may be
adversely impacted by its elimination of the Kana Online service

   Kana has recently decided to eliminate its Kana Online service and as a
result, it may face customer dissatisfaction, negative publicity, loss of
revenues, and legal action by customers resulting from the lack of availability
of the Kana Online service. Kana Online customer agreements generally contain
provisions

designed to limit Kana's exposure to potential claims, such as disclaimers of
warranties and limitations on liability for special, consequential and
incidental damages. In addition, Kana Online customer agreements generally cap
the amounts recoverable for damages to the amounts paid by the licensee to Kana
for the product or service giving rise to the damages. However, any claim by a
Kana Online customer, whether or not successful, could harm Kana's business by
increasing its costs, damaging its reputation and distracting its management.
In addition, Kana may face additional costs resulting from the termination of
the Kana Online service including costs related to the termination of
employees, the disposition of hardware and the termination of its service
contracts related to the Kana Online service. In addition, Kana may not be able
to obtain additional revenue from its current Kana Online customers which may
reduce its future revenue.

Technical problems with either Kana's internal or outsourced computer and
communications systems could interrupt the Kana Online service

   Until such time that Kana eliminates the Kana Online service, the success of
the Kana Online service will depend on the recruitment and retainment of
qualified staff as well as the efficient and uninterrupted operation of Kana's
own and outsourced computer and communications hardware and software systems.
These systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from
human error, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, break-ins,
sabotage, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism and similar adverse
events. Kana has entered into an Internet-hosting agreement with two data
centers. Exodus Communications, Inc.'s data center in Santa Clara, California
services Kana's west coast customers and UUNET's data center in Princeton,
New Jersey services Kana's east coast customers. Kana's operations depend on
both Exodus' and UUNET's ability to protect its and Kana's systems in Exodus'
and UUNET's data center against damage or interruption. Neither data center
guarantees that Kana's Internet access will be uninterrupted, error-free or
secure. Kana has no formal disaster recovery plan in the event of damage or
interruption, and Kana's insurance policies may not adequately compensate it
for any losses that it may incur. Any system failure that causes an
interruption in Kana's service or a decrease in responsiveness could harm its
relationships with customers and result in reduced revenues.

Kana's pending patents may never be issued and, even if issued, may provide
little protection

   Kana's success and ability to compete depend to a significant degree upon
the protection of its software and other proprietary technology rights. Kana
regards the protection of patentable inventions as important to its future
opportunities. Kana currently has one issued U.S. patent and eight U.S. patent
applications pending relating to its software. Although Kana has filed four
international patent applications corresponding to four of Kana's U.S. patent
applications, none of its technology is patented outside of the United States.
It is possible that:

  . Kana's pending patent applications may not result in the issuance of
    patents;

  . any patents issued may not be broad enough to protect its proprietary
    rights;

  . any issued patent could be successfully challenged by one or more third
    parties, which could result in Kana's loss of the right to prevent others
    from exploiting the inventions claimed in those patents;

  . current and future competitors may independently develop similar
    technology, duplicate its products or design around any of its patents;
    and

  . effective patent protection may not be available in every country in
    which Kana does business.

Kana relies upon trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets to protect its
proprietary rights, which may not be sufficient to protect its intellectual
property

   Kana also relies on a combination of laws, such as copyright, trademark and
trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality
agreements and licenses, to establish and protect its proprietary rights. In
the United States, Kana currently has a registered trademark, "Kana," and seven
pending trademark applications, including trademark applications for its logo
and "KANA COMMUNICATIONS and Design." Outside of the United States, Kana has
two trademark registrations in the European Union, one trademark

registration in Australia, and it has additional trademark applications pending
in Australia, Canada, the European Union, India, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan.
However, despite the precautions that Kana has taken:

  . laws and contractual restrictions may not be sufficient to prevent
    misappropriation of Kana's technology or deter others from developing
    similar technologies;

  . current federal laws that prohibit software copying provide only limited
    protection from software "pirates," and effective trademark, copyright
    and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in foreign
    countries;

  . other companies may claim common law trademark rights based upon state or
    foreign laws that precede the federal registration of Kana's marks; and

  . policing unauthorized use of Kana's products and trademarks is difficult,
    expensive and time-consuming, and Kana may be unable to determine the
    extent of this unauthorized use.

   Also, the laws of other countries in which Kana markets its products may
offer little or no effective protection of its proprietary technology. Reverse
engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of Kana's
proprietary technology could enable third parties to benefit from its
technology without paying Kana for it, which would significantly harm Kana's
business.

Kana may become involved in litigation over proprietary rights, which could be
costly and time consuming

   Substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in
Kana's industry. Kana expects that software in its industry may be increasingly
subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of competitors grows
and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps.
Third parties may currently have, or may eventually be issued, patents upon
which Kana's products or technology infringe. Any of these third parties might
make a claim of infringement against Kana. Many of Kana's software license
agreements require Kana to indemnify its customers from any claim or finding of
intellectual property infringement. Any litigation, brought by Kana or others,
could result in the expenditure of significant financial resources and the
diversion of management's time and efforts. In addition, litigation in which
Kana is accused of infringement might cause product shipment delays, require
Kana to develop non-infringing technology or require it to enter into royalty
or license agreements, which might not be available on acceptable terms, or at
all. If a successful claim of infringement were made against Kana and it could
not develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar
technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, Kana's business could be
significantly harmed.

Kana may face higher costs and lost sales if its software contains errors

   Kana faces the possibility of higher costs as a result of the complexity of
its products and the potential for undetected errors. Due to the mission-
critical nature of Kana's products and services, undetected errors are of
particular concern. Kana has only a few "beta" customers that test new features
and functionality of its software before it makes these features and
functionalities generally available to its customers. If Kana's software
contains undetected errors or it fails to meet customers' expectations in a
timely manner, Kana could experience:

  . loss of or delay in revenues expected from the new product and an
    immediate and significant loss of market share;

  . loss of existing customers that upgrade to the new product and of new
    customers;

  . failure to achieve market acceptance;

  . diversion of development resources;

  . injury to its reputation;

  . increased service and warranty costs;

  . legal actions by customers; and

  . increased insurance costs.

Kana may face liability claims that could result in unexpected costs and damage
to Kana's reputation

   Kana's licenses with customers generally contain provisions designed to
limit its exposure to potential product liability claims, such as disclaimers
of warranties and limitations on liability for special, consequential and
incidental damages. In addition, Kana's license agreements generally cap the
amounts recoverable for damages to the amounts paid by the licensee to Kana for
the product or service giving rise to the damages. However, these contractual
limitations on liability may not be enforceable and Kana may be subject to
claims based on errors in its software or mistakes in performing its services
including claims relating to damages to its customers' internal systems. A
product liability claim, whether or not successful, could harm Kana's business
by increasing its costs, damaging its reputation and distracting its
management.

Kana's international operations could divert management attention and present
financial issues

   Kana's international operations are located throughout Europe, Australia,
Japan, Singapore and Brazil, and, to date, have been limited. Kana may expand
its existing international operations and establish additional facilities in
other parts of the world. Kana may face difficulties in accomplishing this
expansion, including finding adequate staffing and management resources for its
international operations. The expansion of Kana's existing international
operations and entry into additional international markets will require
significant management attention and financial resources. In addition, in order
to expand Kana's international sales operations, Kana will need to, among other
things:

  . expand its international sales channel management and support
    organizations;

  . customize its products for local markets; and

  . develop relationships with international service providers and additional
    distributors and system integrators.

   Kana's investments in establishing facilities in other countries may not
produce desired levels of revenues. Even if Kana is able to expand its
international operations successfully, Kana may not be able to maintain or
increase international market demand for its products. In addition, Kana has
only licensed its products internationally since January 1999 and has limited
experience in developing localized versions of its software and marketing and
distributing them internationally. Localizing Kana's products may take longer
than it anticipates due to difficulties in translation and delays it may
experience in recruiting and training international staff.

Kana's growth could be limited if Kana fails to execute its plan to expand
internationally

   For the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999
and the three month periods ended March 31, 2001 and March 31, 2000, Kana
derived approximately 16%, 10%, 14% and 10%, respectively, of its total
revenues from sales outside North America. Kana has established offices in the
United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, Japan, Holland, France, Spain, Sweden,
Singapore and Brazil. As a result, Kana faces risks from doing business on an
international basis, any of which could impair its international revenues. Kana
could, in the future, encounter greater difficulty with collecting accounts
receivable, longer sales cycles and collection periods or seasonal reductions
in business activity. In addition, Kana's international operations could cause
its average tax rate to increase. Any of these events could harm Kana's
international sales and results of operations.

International laws and regulations may expose Kana to potential costs and
litigation

   Kana's international operations will increase its exposure to international
laws and regulations. If Kana cannot comply with foreign laws and regulations,
which are often complex and subject to variation and unexpected changes, Kana
could incur unexpected costs and potential litigation. For example, the
governments of foreign countries might attempt to regulate Kana's products and
services or levy sales or other taxes relating to its activities. In addition,
foreign countries may impose tariffs, duties, price controls or other
restrictions on foreign currencies or trade barriers, any of which could make
it more difficult for Kana to conduct its business. The European Union has
enacted its own privacy regulations that may result in limits on the collection
and use of certain user information, which, if applied to the sale of Kana's
products and services, could negatively impact its results of operations.

Kana may suffer foreign exchange rate losses

   Kana's international revenues and expenses are denominated in local
currency. Therefore, a weakening of other currencies compared to the U.S.
dollar could make Kana's products less competitive in foreign markets and could
negatively affect Kana's operating results and cash flows. Kana does not
currently engage in currency hedging activities. Kana has not yet, but may in
the future, experience significant foreign currency transaction losses,
especially to the extent that it does not engage in currency hedging.

Kana's prospects for obtaining additional financing, if required, are uncertain
and failure to obtain needed financing could affect Kana's ability to pursue
future growth

   If Kana fails to complete the merger with Broadbase, it may need to raise
additional funds to develop or enhance its products or services, to fund
expansion, to respond to competitive pressures or to acquire complementary
products, businesses or technologies. Kana does not have a long enough
operating history to know with certainty whether Kana's existing cash and
expected revenues will be sufficient to finance its anticipated growth.
Additional financing may not be available on terms that are acceptable to Kana.
If Kana raises additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible
debt securities, the percentage ownership of Kana's stockholders would be
reduced and these securities might have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of Kana's current stockholders. If adequate funds are not
available on acceptable terms, Kana's ability to fund any potential expansion,
take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop or enhance products or
services, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly
limited.

Kana has completed four mergers, and those mergers may result in disruptions to
Kana's business and management due to difficulties in assimilating personnel
and operations

   Kana may not realize the benefits from the significant mergers Kana has
completed. In August 1999, Kana acquired Connectify, and in December 1999, Kana
acquired netDialog and Business Evolution. On April 19, 2000, Kana completed
its merger with Silknet. Kana may not be able to successfully assimilate the
additional personnel, operations, acquired technology and products into Kana's
business. In particular, Kana will need to assimilate and retain key
professional services, engineering and marketing personnel. This is
particularly difficult with Business Evolution and Silknet, since their
operations are located on the east coast and Kana is headquartered on the West
coast. Key personnel from the acquired companies have in certain instances
decided, and they may in the future decide, that they do not want to work for
Kana. In addition, products of these companies will have to be integrated into
Kana's products, and it is uncertain whether Kana may accomplish this easily or
at all. These difficulties could disrupt Kana's ongoing business, distract
management and employees or increase expenses. Acquisitions are inherently
risky and Kana may also face unexpected costs, which may adversely affect
operating results in any quarter.

If Kana acquires additional companies, products or technologies, Kana may face
risks similar to those faced in Kana's other mergers

   If Kana is presented with appropriate opportunities, Kana intends to make
other investments in complementary companies, products or technologies. Kana
may not realize the anticipated benefits of any other acquisition or
investment. If Kana acquires another company, it will likely face the same
risks, uncertainties and disruptions as discussed above with respect to Kana's
other mergers. Furthermore, Kana may have to incur debt or issue equity
securities to pay for any additional future acquisitions or investments, the
issuance of which could be dilutive to Kana or its existing stockholders. In
addition, Kana's profitability may suffer because of acquisition-related costs
or amortization costs for acquired goodwill and other intangible assets.

Kana's executive officers and directors can exercise significant influence over
stockholder voting matters

   As of April 9, 2001, Kana's executive officers and directors, and their
affiliates together control approximately 20.4% of Kana's outstanding common
stock, including shares issuable upon exercise of options that were exercisable
within 60 days of April 9, 2001. As a result, these stockholders, if they act
together, will have a significant impact on all matters requiring approval of
its stockholders, including the election of directors and significant corporate
transactions. This concentration of ownership may delay, prevent or deter a
change in control of Kana, could deprive its stockholders of an opportunity to
receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of Kana or its
assets and might affect the market price of its common stock.

Kana has adopted anti-takeover defenses that could delay or prevent an
acquisition of the company

   Kana's board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. Moreover, without any further vote or action on the part of
the stockholders, the board of directors has the authority to determine the
price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock.
This preferred stock, if issued, might have preference over and harm the rights
of the holders of common stock. Although the issuance of this preferred stock
will provide Kana with flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and
other corporate purposes, this issuance may make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire a majority of Kana's outstanding voting stock. Kana currently
has no plans to issue preferred stock.

   Kana's certificate of incorporation, bylaws and equity compensation plans
include provisions that may deter an unsolicited offer to purchase Kana. These
provisions, coupled with the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, may delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving
Kana. Furthermore, Kana's board of directors is divided into three classes,
only one of which is elected each year. Directors are removable by the
affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of all classes of voting stock. These
factors may further delay or prevent a change of control of Kana.

Kana's failure to manage multiple technologies and technological change could
harm Kana's future product demand

   Future versions of hardware and software platforms embodying new
technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could render Kana's
products obsolete. The market for enterprise relationship management software
is characterized by:

  . rapid technological change;

  . frequent new product introductions;

  . changes in customer requirements; and

  . evolving industry standards.

   Kana's products are designed to work on a variety of hardware and software
platforms used by its customers. However, Kana's software may not operate
correctly on evolving versions of hardware and software

platforms, programming languages, database environments and other systems that
its customers use. For example, the server component of the current version of
Kana's products runs on the Windows NT operating system from Microsoft, and
Kana may be forced to ensure that all of its products and services are
compatible with UNIX and other operating systems to meet the demands of its
customers. If Kana cannot successfully develop these products in response to
customer demands, Kana's business could suffer. Also, Kana must constantly
modify and improve its products to keep pace with changes made to these
platforms and to database systems and other back-office applications and
Internet-related applications. This may result in uncertainty relating to the
timing and nature of new product announcements, introductions or modifications,
which may cause confusion in the market and harm Kana's business. If Kana fails
to modify or improve its products in response to evolving industry standards,
its products could rapidly become obsolete, which would harm Kana's business.

If Kana fails to respond to changing customer preferences in Kana's market,
demand for Kana's products and its ability to enhance Kana's revenues will
suffer

   Kana must continually improve the performance, features and reliability of
its products, particularly in response to competitive offerings. Kana's success
depends, in part, on its ability to enhance its existing software and to
develop new services, functionality and technology that address the
increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of its prospective customers. If
Kana does not properly identify the feature preferences of prospective
customers, or if Kana fails to deliver features that meet the requirements of
these customers, its ability to market its products successfully and to
increase its revenues could be impaired. The development of proprietary
technology and necessary service enhancements entails significant technical and
business risks and requires substantial expenditures and lead time.

If the Internet and web-based communications fail to grow and be accepted as
media of communication, demand for Kana's products and services will decline

   Kana sells its products and services primarily to organizations that receive
large volumes of e-mail and web-based communications. Many of Kana's customers
have business models that are based on the continued growth of the Internet.
Consequently, Kana's future revenues and profits, if any, substantially depend
upon the continued acceptance and use of the Internet and e-mail, which are
evolving as media of communication. Rapid growth in the use of e-mail is a
recent phenomenon and may not continue. As a result, a broad base of
enterprises that use e-mail as a primary means of communication may not develop
or be maintained. In addition, the market may not accept recently introduced
products and services that process e-mail, including Kana's products and
services. Moreover, companies that have already invested significant resources
in other methods of communications with customers, such as call centers, may be
reluctant to adopt a new strategy that may limit or compete with their existing
investments. If businesses do not continue to accept the Internet and e-mail as
media of communication, Kana's business will suffer.

Future regulation of the Internet may slow Kana's growth, resulting in
decreased demand for Kana's products and services and increased costs of doing
business

   Due to the increasing popularity and use of the Internet, it is possible
that state, federal and foreign regulators could adopt laws and regulations
that impose additional burdens on those companies that conduct business online.
These laws and regulations could discourage communication by e-mail or other
web-based communications, particularly targeted e-mail of the type facilitated
by Kana's Connect product, which could reduce demand for Kana's products and
services.

   The growth and development of the market for online services may prompt
calls for more stringent consumer protection laws or laws that may inhibit the
use of Internet-based communications or the information contained in these
communications. The adoption of any additional laws or regulations may decrease
the expansion of the Internet. A decline in the growth of the Internet,
particularly as it relates to online communication, could decrease demand for
Kana's products and services and increase its costs of doing

business, or otherwise harm its business. Kana's costs could increase and its
growth could be harmed by any new legislation or regulation, the application of
laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to
Kana's business, or the application of existing laws and regulations to the
Internet and other online services.

Kana's security could be breached, which could damage Kana's reputation and
deter customers from using its services

   Kana must protect its computer systems and network from physical break-ins,
security breaches and other disruptive problems caused by the Internet or other
users. Computer break-ins could jeopardize the security of information stored
in and transmitted through Kana's computer systems and network, which could
adversely affect its ability to retain or attract customers, damage its
reputation and subject it to litigation. Kana has been in the past, and could
be in the future, subject to denial of service, vandalism and other attacks on
its systems by Internet hackers. Although Kana intends to continue to implement
security technology and establish operational procedures to prevent break-ins,
damage and failures, these security measures may fail. Kana's insurance
coverage in certain circumstances may be insufficient to cover losses that may
result from such events.

                           Risks Related to Broadbase

Broadbase's business is difficult to evaluate because its operating history is
limited and because it recently completed a major acquisition

   Because it is still in the early stages of its development, Broadbase is
subject to the risks, expenses and uncertainties frequently encountered by a
young company. For example, because Broadbase introduced a number of its
products, such as its E-Marketplace application in December 2000, and its E-
Service application (an updated version of the former Servicesoft 2001 product
integrated with certain Broadbase products) in February 2001, it is difficult
to predict whether Broadbase's products will continue to be accepted by the
market, which is evolving rapidly, and the level of revenues Broadbase can
expect to derive from sales of its products. Several members of Broadbase's
management team have been with it for only a short period of time. Because of
its limited operating history and evolving product offerings, Broadbase's
insights into trends that may emerge and affect its business are limited. In
addition, on December 18, 2000, Broadbase completed its acquisition of
Servicesoft, which substantially expanded the scale of its operations. Because
Broadbase has limited experience operating as a combined company, its business
is even more difficult to evaluate.

Broadbase has incurred losses since inception, and it expects to incur losses
for the foreseeable future due in part to acquisition-related amortization
charges

   Broadbase incurred net losses and losses from operations for each period
from its inception through the the first quarter of 2001. As of March 31, 2001,
Broadbase had accumulated net losses of approximately $1.3 billion.
Servicesoft, which Broadbase acquired on December 18, 2000, had accumulated net
losses of approximately $120.8 million as of that date. Broadbase has not
achieved profitability to date, and it expects to continue to incur substantial
losses for the foreseeable future. Although its and Servicesoft's revenues grew
significantly in 2000, Broadbase's growth has not continued at the same rate.
Broadbase's revenue growth has been affected by the challenges it faces as a
result of the increasingly uncertain economic conditions both generally and in
its market. Although Broadbase has reduced its workforce to decrease operating
expenses, Broadbase will need to significantly increase its revenue to achieve
profitability. In addition, if the Kana merger is not completed, Broadbase
expects substantial noncash charges from amortization of goodwill, intangible
assets and stock compensation. Even if it does achieve profitability, Broadbase
might not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual
basis in the future.

Broadbase expects its quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate, and
it is difficult to predict its future operating results

   Broadbase's revenue and operating results have varied in the past and are
likely to continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter in the future.
These fluctuations are due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of
Broadbase's control, including:

  . changes in its pricing policies, or changes in the pricing policies of
    its competitors;

  . the size and timing of customer orders for its products and its
    professional services;

  . changes in the demand for its products, particularly its e-business
    applications;

  . uncertainty regarding the timing of the implementation cycle for its
    products;

  . increased expenses for sales and marketing, product development and
    administration;

  . changes in the level of sales of professional services as compared to
    product licenses;

  . its success in developing and introducing new products and the timing of
    the introduction of new products and services by Broadbase or its
    competitors, which could affect the demand for its existing products and
    services;

  . changes in the purchasing and budgeting cycles of its customers, and the
    discretionary nature of its customers' budgets for software and e-
    business related purchases;

  . the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures
    relating to the expansion of its business, including acquisitions of
    technology or businesses;

  . changes in the mix of its domestic and international sales, together with
    fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

  . changes in general economic and market conditions affecting its customers
    or its industry; and

  . a trend of continuing consolidation in its industry.

   Broadbase has experienced seasonality in its revenues, with the fourth
quarter of the year typically having the highest revenue for the year.
Broadbase believes that this seasonality results primarily from the budgeting
cycles of its customers. Broadbase expects that this seasonality will continue,
and could increase. In addition, Broadbase's customers' decisions to purchase
its products and services are discretionary and subject to their internal
budgets and purchasing processes. Further, Broadbase's ability to achieve
increased revenue and profitability depends on overall demand for e-Business
software and related services, and in particular for customer-focused
applications. Due to current slowdowns in the general economy, Broadbase
believes that many existing and potential customers are reassessing or reducing
their planned technology and internet-related investments and deferring
purchasing decisions. As a result, there is increased uncertainty with respect
to Broadbase's expected revenues in 2001, and further delays or reductions in
business spending in the area of information technology, particularly the eCRM
market and related products and services, could have a material adverse effect
on its revenues and operating results.

   Broadbase does not believe that its year-to-year rates of growth are
indicative of the growth in revenues, if any, that it can expect in the future.
Accordingly, Broadbase believes that period-to-period comparisons of its
operating results may not be meaningful and you should not rely on these
comparisons as an indication of its future performance. Broadbase's operating
results might fall below the expectations of investors. In this event, the
market price of its common stock would likely decrease.

Broadbase's operating expenses are generally fixed, and if it fails to meet its
revenue forecasts, Broadbase will not be able to reduce these expenses quickly

   During 2001, Broadbase reduced its workforce by approximately 41% to
significantly reduce its operating expenses. Despite these cuts, if Broadbase
does not significantly increase revenues, it will not achieve profitability.
Broadbase's operating expenses are based on its expectations of future revenues
and are relatively fixed in the short term. As a result, Broadbase would not be
able to further reduce spending quickly if its revenue were lower than it had
projected. Therefore, if its revenue falls below its expectations in any
quarter, or if its cuts in expenses are not sufficient, Broadbase's operating
results will be lower than expected.

The unpredictable timing of Broadbase's sales and implementation cycle makes it
difficult to forecast its operating results

   Broadbase's products can have a long and unpredictable sales cycle.
Potential customers often require time to weigh the costs and benefits of
Broadbase's products compared to those of in-house development and integration
efforts. As a result, Broadbase's sales cycle for its products has typically
ranged from two to seven months, although it can take longer. Consequently,
Broadbase faces difficulty predicting the quarter in which sales to expected
customers will occur. This contributes to the uncertainty of Broadbase's future
operating results.

   Delays and uncertainty in product and service implementations can compound
the difficulty of forecasting Broadbase's operating results. In most customer
sales, Broadbase is involved in the installation of its software products at
the customer site, and Broadbase recognizes revenue from a customer sale based
in part on when its software products are effectively operational. However, the
timing of the commencement and completion of the installation process is
subject to factors that may be beyond Broadbase's control, as this process
requires access to the customer's facilities and coordination with the
customer's personnel after delivery of the software. In addition, customers
could delay product implementations. Further, general uncertainty in the
economy could cause potential new customers to reduce or eliminate their
immediate need to purchase Broadbase's products, or lead its existing customers
to decline to purchase additional products from Broadbase. These factors make
it difficult to forecast operating results and can result in significant
variability in period-to-period results.

Broadbase's acquisitions might result in disruptions to its business due to
difficulties in assimilating personnel, technology and operations

   Broadbase recently acquired several companies, including Servicesoft,
Decisionism and Panopticon. Many of these companies are in the early stages of
their development and have unproven business models. Broadbase might not
realize the anticipated benefits of these or other acquisitions or investments.
The integration of acquired companies into Broadbase has been and will continue
to be a complex, time consuming and expensive process and might disrupt
Broadbase's business if not completed efficiently or in a timely manner. For
example, Broadbase's acquisition of Servicesoft in December 2000 substantially
expanded Broadbase's scale of operations. The number of Broadbase's full-time
employees increased from 350 at November 30, 2000 to 678 at December 31, 2000,
primarily as a result of this acquisition. Broadbase must demonstrate to
customers and suppliers that an acquisition will not result in adverse changes
in customer service standards, or dilution of or distraction to its business
focus. Broadbase might not be able to successfully retain and assimilate
additional personnel, integrate acquired operations and technology or sell
acquired products. The difficulties of integrating other businesses could be
greater than Broadbase anticipates, and could disrupt its ongoing business,
disrupt its management and employees and increase its expenses.

Accounting charges relating to acquisitions will prevent Broadbase from
achieving positive net income under generally accepted accounting principles as
quickly as it might otherwise

   Broadbase has accounted for its recent acquisitions using the purchase
method of accounting. Under the purchase method, the purchase price of the
acquired company is allocated based on an independent valuation, to the
specific tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
Broadbase recorded approximately

$361.8 million, $28.8 million, $92.8 million, $10.7 million and $630.0 million
of intangible assets and goodwill on its balance sheet in connection with its
acquisitions of Rubric, Aperio, Panopticon, Decisionism and Servicesoft,
respectively. In the first quarter of 2001, Broadbase recorded a charge of
$958.2 million to reflect impairment of these intangible assets and goodwill.
If the Kana merger is not completed, Broadbase would amortize the remaining
$32.8 million in intangible assets and goodwill as of March 31, 2001 over their
respective remaining useful lives ranging from two to four years. It is also
possible that Broadbase could experience further impairment of remaining
intangible assets requiring future additional charges to expense to reflect
such impairment. Finally, Broadbase would likely record additional intangible
assets and goodwill and merger related costs in connection with potential
future acquisitions. Amortization or impairment of such intangible assets and
goodwill would reduce Broadbase's net income reported under generally accepted
accounting principles.

Broadbase needs to attract, train and retain additional qualified personnel in
a competitive employment market

   Broadbase's success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain
qualified, experienced employees. During 2001, Broadbase reduced its workforce
by approximately 41%. Although a number of technology companies have recently
implemented lay-offs, there remains substantial competition for experienced
management, engineering, sales and marketing personnel, particularly in the
market segment in which Broadbase competes. The market price of Broadbase's
common stock has fluctuated substantially since its initial public offering in
September 1999, and has experienced a significant decline since the first
quarter of 2000. Broadbase has relied historically on its ability to attract
employees using equity incentives, and any perception by potential and existing
employees that its equity incentives are less attractive could harm its ability
to attract and retain qualified employees. In addition, Broadbase's workforce
reduction may cause lower morale among the employees who are not being
terminated, which could make it more difficult for Broadbase to retain those
employees. If Broadbase's employees perceive uncertainty as a result of the
merger, current economic circumstances or any other reason, they could be
vulnerable to the recruiting efforts of Broadbase's competitors. Further, such
perceived uncertainty could hinder Broadbase's ability to attract or compete
for experienced management, engineering, sales and marketing personnel. If
Broadbase is unable to retain its existing key personnel, or to attract, train
and retain additional qualified personnel, it may experience inadequate levels
of staffing to develop and sell its products and perform services for its
customers.

Broadbase's reduction in personnel may seriously harm Broadbase's business

   During the first quarter of 2001, Broadbase recorded approximately $3.5
million in merger expense for severance costs to eliminate approximately 100
former Servicesoft personnel, representing personnel employed on a transitional
basis and certain newly identified redundant employees. During April 2001,
Broadbase also initiated a restructuring of its operations and further reduced
personnel by approximately 175 employees in an effort to streamline operations
and reduce costs. These two personnel reductions represented a reduction of
approximately 41% based on Broadbase's staffing level as of December 31, 2000.
As a result, Broadbase will record significant restructuring costs in the
second quarter of 2001, including costs of personnel reductions and the
abandonment of certain facilities, although the amount of these costs have not
yet been fully quantified. There have been and will continue to be significant
costs associated with these personnel reductions related to severance and other
employee-related costs. As a result of these reductions, Broadbase's ability to
respond to unexpected challenges may be impaired and Broadbase may be unable to
take advantage of new opportunities. In addition, many of the employees who
were terminated possessed specific knowledge or expertise and that knowledge or
expertise may prove to have been important to Broadbase operations. In that
case, their absence may create significant difficulties. Further, the reduction
in force may reduce employee morale and may create concern among existing
employees about job security, which may lead to increased turnover. This
personnel reduction may subject Broadbase to the risk of litigation. Decisions
as to which employees were terminated in connection with the April 2001
personnel reduction were made by Broadbase on the assumption that the merger
would occur. If the merger does not occur, Broadbase may need to hire
additional employees in some areas or terminate employees in other areas.
Broadbase may not be able to hire such additional employees and may be
adversely affected by any further reductions in force.

Broadbase's growth depends on market acceptance of its applications designed
for internet-based systems

   Broadbase first introduced its applications designed for Internet-based
systems in May 1999, and its E-Service application (an updated version of the
former Servicesoft 2001 product integrated with certain Broadbase products) in
February 2001. Broadbase expects that its future growth will depend
significantly on revenue from licenses of these applications and related
services. There are significant risks inherent in introducing Internet-based
systems applications. Market acceptance of these products will depend on the
growth of the market for e-business solutions. This growth might not occur.
Further, Broadbase cannot assure you that these e-business applications or any
new ones it may introduce will meet customer performance expectations. If they
do not meet customer expectations or the market for these products fails to
develop or develops more slowly than it expects, Broadbase's business would be
harmed.

Broadbase's business will suffer if it is unable to maintain, and if necessary,
expand its sales force

   Broadbase sells its products primarily through its direct sales force.
Broadbase must maintain, and if necessary, expand its direct sales operations
to increase market awareness of its products and increase revenue. Broadbase
cannot be certain that it will be successful in these efforts. Broadbase's
products and services require sophisticated sales efforts. As a result,
Broadbase's ability to maintain or expand its direct sales operation will
depend on its ability to recruit, train and retain top sales people with
advanced sales skills and technical knowledge. There is a shortage of sales
personnel with these qualifications, and competition for qualified personnel is
intense in Broadbase's industry. If Broadbase is unable to retain or hire
qualified sales personnel, or if newly hired personnel fail to develop the
necessary skills or reach productivity more slowly than anticipated,
Broadbase's business could be harmed.

Broadbase relies on marketing, technology and distribution relationships that
may generally be terminated at any time, and if its current and future
relationships are not successful, Broadbase's growth might be limited

   Broadbase relies on marketing and technology relationships with a variety of
companies that, in part, generate leads for the sale of its products. These
marketing and technology relationships include relationships with:

  . system integrators and consulting firms;

  . vendors of e-commerce and Internet software;

  . vendors of software designed for customer relationship management or for
    management of organizations' operational information;

  . vendors of key technology and platforms;

  . demographic data providers; and

  . an application service provider and an Internet hoster.

   If Broadbase cannot maintain successful marketing and technology
relationships or cannot enter into additional marketing and technology
relationships, it could have difficulty expanding the sales of its products and
its growth might be limited. While these companies do not sell or distribute
its products, Broadbase believes that many of its direct sales are the result
of leads generated by vendors of e-business and enterprise applications.
Broadbase's marketing and technology relationships are generally not documented
in writing, or are governed by agreements that can be terminated by either
party with little or no prior notice. In addition, companies with which
Broadbase has marketing, technology or distribution relationships may promote
products of several different companies. If these companies choose not to
promote Broadbase's products or if they develop, market or recommend software
applications that compete with its products, Broadbase's business will be
harmed.

   In addition, Broadbase has distribution relationships with companies located
around the world that distribute or resell its products. Sales through these
indirect sales channels accounted for approximately 35.3% of Broadbase's total
revenues for 1999, 13.6% for 2000 and 8% for the first quarter of 2001. These
channel partners may experience reduced sales due to a number of factors,
including general economic uncertainty in Broadbase's industry, which would
cause Broadbase's revenues to decline. If Broadbase cannot maintain successful
relationships with its indirect sales channel partners, it might have
difficulty expanding the sales of its products and its international growth
could be limited.

   In addition, Broadbase relies on distributors, value-added resellers,
systems integrators, consultants and other third-party resellers to recommend
its Servicesoft products and to install and support these products. If these
companies fail to implement Broadbase's Servicesoft products successfully for
its customers, Broadbase might be unable to complete implementation on the
schedule required by the customers. Broadbase might not be able to maintain
these relationships and enter into additional relationships that will provide
timely and cost-effective customer support and service.

Customer satisfaction and demand for Broadbase products will depend on
Broadbase's ability to expand its professional services group, which assists
its customers with the implementation of its products

   Broadbase believes that growth in its product sales depends in part on its
ability to provide its customers with professional services to assist with
support, training, consulting and initial implementation of its products and to
educate third-party systems integrators in the use of its products. As a
result, Broadbase may need to increase the number of professional services
personnel to respond to customer requirements. New professional services
personnel will require training and take time to reach full productivity.
Broadbase might not be able to attract or retain a sufficient number of highly
qualified professional services personnel. Competition for qualified
professional services personnel with the appropriate knowledge is intense.
Broadbase is in a new market and there is a limited number of people who have
the necessary skills. To meet its customers' needs for professional services,
Broadbase may also need to use more costly third-party consultants to
supplement its own professional services group. In addition, Broadbase could
experience delays in recognizing revenue if its professional services group
falls behind schedule in connecting its products to customers' systems and data
sources.

Broadbase might be unable to attract new customers if it does not develop new
products and enhancements

   If Broadbase does not continue to improve its products and develop new
products that keep pace with competitive product introductions and
technological developments, satisfy diverse and rapidly evolving customer
requirements and achieve market acceptance, Broadbase might be unable to
attract new customers. For example, Broadbase has recently released new
versions of a number of Broadbase's existing analytic applications and its E-
Service application (formerly Servicesoft 2001). Broadbase might not be
successful in marketing and supporting these new versions, or developing and
marketing other product enhancements and new products that respond to
technological advances and market changes, on a timely or cost-effective basis.
In addition, even if these products are developed and released, they might not
achieve market acceptance. Broadbase has in the past experienced delays in
releasing new products and product enhancements and could experience similar
delays in the future. These delays or problems in the installation or
implementation of Broadbase's new releases could cause customers to forego
purchases of its products.

Broadbase depends on increased business from new customers, and if it fails to
grow its customer base or generate repeat business, Broadbase's operating
results could be harmed

   If Broadbase fails to grow its customer base or generate repeat and expanded
business from its current and future customers, its business and operating
results will be seriously harmed. In some cases, Broadbase's customers
initially make a limited purchase of its products and services for pilot
programs. These customers may not purchase additional licenses to expand their
use of Broadbase's products. These customers have not yet

developed or deployed initial applications based on Broadbase's products. If
these customers do not successfully develop and deploy these initial
applications, they may choose not to purchase deployment licenses or additional
development licenses.

   The effectiveness of Broadbase's Servicesoft products depends in part on the
widespread adoption and use of these products by customer support personnel.
Some of Broadbase's customers who have made initial purchases of this software
have deferred or suspended implementation of these products due to slower than
expected rates of internal adoption by customer support personnel. If more
customers decide to defer or suspend implementation of these products in the
future, Broadbase's ability to increase its revenue from these customers
through additional licenses or maintenance agreements will also be impaired,
and its financial position could be seriously harmed. Broadbase's business
model generally depends on the expanded use of its products within its
customers' organizations.

   In addition, as Broadbase introduces new versions of its products or new
products, its current customers might not require the functionality of
Broadbase's new products and might not ultimately license these products.
Because the total amount of maintenance and support fees Broadbase receives in
any period depends in large part on the size and number of licenses that it has
previously sold, any downturn in its software license revenue would negatively
affect Broadbase's future services revenue. In addition, if customers elect not
to renew their maintenance agreements, Broadbase's services revenue could
decline significantly. Further, some of Broadbase's customers are Internet-
based companies, which have been forced to significantly reduce their
operations in light of limited access to sources of financing and the current
economic slowdown. If customers are unable to pay for their current products or
are unwilling to purchase additional products, Broadbase's revenues would
decline.

Market acceptance of Broadbase products might suffer if Broadbase is unable to
keep pace with rapid technological changes and industry standards

   Rapidly changing technology and operating system standards, changes in
customer requirements and evolving industry standards might impede market
acceptance of Broadbase's products. Broadbase's new applications have been
designed based upon currently prevailing Internet technology. If new Internet
technologies emerge that are incompatible with Broadbase's applications, or if
competing products emerge which are based on new technologies or new industry
standards, which perform better or cost less than Broadbase's products,
Broadbase's key products could become obsolete and its existing and potential
customers could seek alternatives to its products. Broadbase might not be able
to quickly adapt its products to any new Internet technology, customer
requirements or industry standards.

   Broadbase has designed its products to work with databases such as Oracle
and Microsoft SQL Server. Any changes to those databases, or increasing
popularity of other databases, could require Broadbase to modify its products,
and could cause Broadbase to delay releasing future products and enhancements.
Furthermore, software adapters are necessary to integrate Broadbase products
with other systems and data sources used by its customers. Broadbase must
develop and update these adapters to reflect changes to these systems and data
sources in order to maintain the functionality provided by its products. As a
result, uncertainties related to the timing and nature of new product
announcements, introductions or modifications by vendors of operating systems,
databases, customer relationship management software, web servers and other
enterprise and Internet-based applications could delay Broadbase's product
development, increase its product development expense or cause customers to
delay evaluation, purchase and deployment of its products.

Broadbase's business depends on the acceptance and use of the Windows NT
operating system

   Most of Broadbase's products run only on the Windows NT operating system.
Kana's products have historically operated on a variety of operating system
platforms, including UNIX and Windows NT. This may create integration issues
between the technologies and challenges in selling the combined company's
product line. In addition, any change to the Windows NT operating system could
require Broadbase to modify its

products and could cause Broadbase to delay product releases. Any decline in
the market acceptance of the Windows NT operating system for any reason,
including as a result of errors or delayed introduction of enhancement or
upgrades, could seriously harm Broadbase's business. If potential customers do
not want to use the Windows NT operating system, Broadbase will need to develop
products that run on other operating systems such as Windows 2000, the
successor to Windows NT, or any of the UNIX based systems. The development of
new products in response to these risks would require Broadbase to commit a
substantial investment of resources, and it might not be able to successfully
develop or introduce such products on a timely or cost-effective basis, or at
all, which could lead potential customers to choose alternative products.

Failure to license necessary third party software incorporated in Broadbase
products could cause delays or reductions in its sales

   Broadbase licenses third party software that it incorporates into its
products. These licenses may not continue to be available on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Some of this technology would be difficult to
replace. The loss of any such license could result in delays or reductions of
Broadbase's applications until Broadbase identifies, licenses and integrates or
develops equivalent software. If Broadbase is required to enter into license
agreements with third parties for replacement technology, Broadbase could be
subject to higher royalty payments and a loss of product differentiation. In
the future, Broadbase might need to license other software to enhance its
products and meet evolving customer needs. If Broadbase is unable to do this,
it could experience reduced demand for its products.

Broadbase faces intense competition, which could make it difficult to acquire
and retain customers

   Broadbase's market is intensely competitive, and it expects competition to
intensify in the future. In recent periods, some of Broadbase's competitors
reduced the prices of their products and services (substantially in certain
cases) in order to obtain new customers. Competitive pressures could make it
difficult for Broadbase to acquire and retain customers and could require
Broadbase to reduce the price of its products. Failure to maintain and enhance
Broadbase's competitive position could seriously harm its business. Broadbase's
customers' requirements and the technology available to satisfy those
requirements are continually changing. Therefore, Broadbase must be able to
respond to these changes in order to remain competitive.

   Broadbase's competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of
products and services offered. Broadbase currently faces competition from
providers of consulting-based analytic solutions, providers of e-service
software products similar to its Servicesoft products, vendors of point
technologies that provide website analysis, in-house development efforts by
potential customers, and from other software providers. Broadbase might also
face competition from providers of customer relationship management, e-commerce
and communications solutions. In addition, Broadbase faces competition from
vendors of other enterprise applications as they expand the functionality of
their product offerings, including companies that design software for decision
support, management of customer relationships or of organizations operational
information or for providing customer service, as well as vendors of database
applications. In addition, Broadbase expects that competition may increase as a
result of software industry consolidations and formations of alliances among
industry participants or with third parties. For example, eGain Communications
Corp. recently acquired Inference Corporation, Siebel Systems, Inc. recently
acquired Onlink Technologies, Inc., and E.piphany, Inc. recently acquired
Octane Software, Inc. Finally, it is possible that new competitors might
emerge.

   Some of Broadbase's current and potential competitors have longer operating
histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources than Broadbase does, and thus may be able to respond more quickly to
new or changing opportunities, technologies and customer requirements. Also,
many current and potential competitors have wider name recognition and more
extensive customer bases that they could leverage, thereby gaining market share
to Broadbase's detriment. They might be able to undertake more extensive
promotional activities, adopt more aggressive pricing strategies, and offer
purchasers more attractive terms than Broadbase can. Broadbase's competitors
might develop products that are superior to Broadbase's or that achieve greater
market acceptance.

Broadbase depends on its intellectual property, and litigation regarding its
intellectual property could harm its business

   The success of Broadbase's business is largely dependent on its ability to
protect its intellectual property. Broadbase's intellectual property includes
its proprietary technology, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights in its
software products. Broadbase has no issued patents, although patents may become
increasingly important in software and e-business applications. Existing
copyright, trademark and trade secret laws afford only limited protection, and
the laws of some foreign countries do not protect Broadbase's proprietary
rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Third parties
might infringe upon Broadbase's intellectual property rights, and Broadbase
might be unable to detect this unauthorized use or effectively enforce its
rights. In addition, any legal action that Broadbase may bring to protect its
intellectual property rights could be expensive and distract management from
day-to-day operations. Unauthorized use or misappropriation of Broadbase's
intellectual property could seriously harm its business.

   Broadbase's business activities might infringe upon the proprietary rights
of others, and other parties might assert infringement claims against
Broadbase. If Broadbase becomes liable to any other third party for infringing
its intellectual property rights, Broadbase could be required to pay
substantial damage awards, develop non-infringing technology, obtain licenses
or cease selling the applications that contain the infringing intellectual
property. Broadbase could have to redesign its products, which could be costly
and time-consuming and could substantially delay product shipments, assuming
that a redesign is even feasible. Broadbase might be unable to develop non-
infringing technology or obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and any of these
results in connection with a lawsuit could seriously harm Broadbase's business.
Furthermore, Broadbase could incur substantial costs in defending against any
intellectual property litigation, and these costs could increase significantly
if any dispute were to go to trial. Broadbase's defense of any litigation,
regardless of the merits of the complaint, will likely be time-consuming,
costly and a distraction for its management personnel. Publicity related to any
intellectual property litigation could also harm the sale of Broadbase's
products and disrupt its relationships with existing customers.

Software defects could lead to loss of revenue or delay in market acceptance
for Broadbase products or expose Broadbase to liability

   Broadbase's software products are internally complex and might contain
defects, especially when they are first introduced or when new versions are
released. In the past, Broadbase has discovered software errors in some of its
products after their introduction. Broadbase recently released new versions of
a number of its analytic software applications and its E-Service application
(formerly Servicesoft 2001). As a result, these products might be particularly
susceptible to errors. Although Broadbase continues to evaluate its products
for errors following the commencement of commercial shipments and receives
information from customers regarding errors they detect, if Broadbase is not
able to detect and correct errors in products or releases before commencing
commercial shipments, Broadbase could experience loss of or delay in revenues,
loss of market share or failure to achieve market acceptance for its products,
diversion of development resources or injury to its reputation.

   Broadbase might encounter product liability claims in the future as a result
of any product defects. Broadbase's license agreements with its customers
typically contain provisions designed to limit its exposure to potential
product liability claims. However, all domestic and international jurisdictions
may not enforce these limitations. Product liability claims brought against
Broadbase could divert the attention of management and key personnel, could be
expensive to defend and could result in adverse settlements and judgments.

Barriers to international expansion could limit Broadbase's future growth

   Broadbase has only a limited history of marketing, selling and supporting
its products and services internationally. Broadbase conducts its international
sales primarily through direct sales offices in Europe and Asia, through a
Servicesoft subsidiary in Canada and through distributors in Japan. Revenue
from customers

outside the United States represented 23.2%, 20.3% and 30.1% of Broadbase's
total net revenue for 1999, 2000 and the first quarter of 2001, respectively.
Broadbase intends to expand its international operations, but it could face
significant barriers to this expansion. Broadbase's failure to manage its
international operations effectively could limit the future growth of its
business. The expansion of its existing international operations and entry into
additional international markets will require significant management attention
and financial resources. Expenses incurred in expanding international
operations might never result in increased revenue.

   Broadbase's products must be localized, or customized to meet local user
needs, in order to be sold in particular foreign countries. Developing
localized versions of Broadbase's products for foreign markets is difficult and
can take longer than Broadbase anticipates. Broadbase currently has limited
experience in localizing products and in testing whether these localized
products will be accepted in the targeted countries. Broadbase cannot assure
you that its localization efforts will be successful.

   Broadbase also faces certain other risks inherent in conducting business
internationally, such as:

  . difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations;

  . difficulties in recruiting and training an international staff;

  . difficulties in entering into strategic relationships with companies in
    international markets, particularly in Japan where the majority of
    Broadbase's sales have been made through distributors;

  . language and cultural differences;

  . difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection
    periods;

  . seasonal business activity in certain parts of the world;

  . fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

  . legal and governmental regulatory requirements;

  . tariffs, duties, price controls and other trade barriers; and

  . potentially adverse tax consequences.

Any of these factors could seriously harm Broadbase's international operations
and, consequently, its business.

   To date, a majority of Broadbase's international revenue and costs have been
denominated in foreign currencies. Broadbase has not engaged in any foreign
exchange hedging transactions to mitigate exchange rate risk. Accordingly,
Broadbase's results of operations could be harmed by foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations.

Broadbase grew rapidly in 2000, and the failure to manage change could harm its
business

   Broadbase grew rapidly in 2000, increasing its total number of full-time
employees from 131 at December 31, 1999 to 678 at December 31, 2000. During the
first and second quarters of 2001, Broadbase reduced its personnel to
approximately 560 and 400 employees, respectively. Broadbase's net growth over
this period has placed significant demands on management as well as on
Broadbase's administrative, operational and financial resources and controls.
Broadbase recently completed the implementation of several new operational
information systems, and began an extensive upgrade of its finance, accounting,
and product distribution systems. In addition, Broadbase deployed certain
modules of these systems in its European operations during the first quarter of
2001. Broadbase plans to continue deployment of various modules of these
systems throughout Europe and Japan in the second quarter of 2001. Failure to
successfully complete these systems implementations, upgrades, and deployments
in a timely and effective manner could result in the disruption of Broadbase's
operations, which could adversely affect its operating results. Any future
growth in Broadbase's operations could cause similar, and perhaps increased,
strain on its systems and controls.

Broadbase's prospects for obtaining additional financing, if required, are
uncertain and failure to obtain needed financing could affect its ability to
pursue future growth

   Broadbase expects that its cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investments on hand will be sufficient to meet its working capital and capital
expenditure needs for the next 12 months. However, if the Kana merger is not
completed, Broadbase could be required to raise additional funds for expansion,
to respond to competitive pressures or to acquire complementary products,
businesses or technologies. Broadbase might not be able to obtain additional
financing on favorable terms, if at all, especially in light of the currently
uncertain market climate. If Broadbase issues additional equity securities,
stockholders could experience additional dilution or the new equity securities
might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
holders of common stock. Under current market conditions, Broadbase may not be
able to obtain additional equity or debt financing. If Broadbase cannot raise
necessary additional funds on acceptable terms, it might not be able to fund
expansion, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive
pressures or unanticipated requirements.

Broadbase's stock price has been volatile, which could lead to losses by
investors and to securities litigation

   The market price of Broadbase's common stock has experienced a significant
decline in recent months. The price has been and is likely to continue to be
highly volatile due to several factors, such as:

  . variations in Broadbase's actual and anticipated operating results;

  . changes in Broadbase's earnings estimates by analysts;

  . the volatility inherent in stocks within the emerging sector within which
    Broadbase conducts business; and

  . the volume of trading in Broadbase's common stock.

   In addition, stock markets, particularly the Nasdaq National Market, have
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, and the market prices of
securities of technology companies, especially Internet-related companies, have
declined significantly in recent months. Some of these declines have been
unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. Fluctuations or
declines such as these could continue to affect the market price of Broadbase's
common stock in the future. Substantial sales of Broadbase's common stock could
also cause the stock price to decline.

   In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted
against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This
type of litigation could result in substantial costs and could divert
Broadbase's management's attention and resources.

Broadbase depends on the growth in the use of the Internet for its business

   Broadbase's future success depends heavily on the increased acceptance and
use of the Internet for business. Although the Internet is experiencing rapid
growth in the number of users and traffic, this growth is a recent phenomenon
and might not continue. Furthermore, despite this growth in usage, the use of
the Internet for business transactions is relatively new. If use of the
Internet for business does not continue to increase or increases more slowly
than expected, Broadbase's business would be seriously harmed. Consumers and
businesses might reject the Internet as a viable commercial medium, or be slow
to adopt it, for a number of reasons, including potentially inadequate network
infrastructure, slow development of enabling technologies, concerns about the
security of transactions and confidential information and insufficient
commercial support. The Internet infrastructure may not be able to support the
demands placed on it by increased Internet usage and bandwidth requirements. In
addition, delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols
required to handle increased levels of Internet activity, or increased
governmental regulation, could cause the Internet to lose its viability as a
commercial medium.

   If these or any other factors cause use of the Internet for business to slow
or decline, Broadbase's business would be harmed. For example, Servicesoft's
products address a new and emerging market for e-service solutions. Therefore,
Broadbase's future success depends substantially upon the widespread adoption
of the Internet as a significant medium for commerce and business applications.
If this market fails to develop or develops more slowly than expected, demand
for Broadbase's products and services will be reduced. Even if the required
infrastructure, standards, protocols or complementary products, services or
facilities are developed, Broadbase might incur substantial expenses adapting
its products to changing or emerging technologies.

Increasing governmental regulation of the Internet could limit the market for
Broadbase products

   A number of legislative and regulatory proposals under consideration by
federal, state, local and foreign governmental organizations might lead to laws
or regulations concerning various aspects of the Internet, such as user
privacy, taxation of goods and services provided over the Internet, pricing,
content and quality of products and services. Legislation could dampen the
growth in Internet usage and decrease or limit its acceptance as a
communications and commercial medium. If enacted, these laws and regulations
could limit the market for Broadbase's products. In addition, existing laws
could be applied to the Internet, including consumer privacy laws. Legislation
or application of existing laws could expose companies involved in electronic
commerce, or e-commerce, to increased liability, which could limit the growth
of e-commerce generally.

Government regulation of the collection and use of personal data could reduce
demand for Broadbase products

   Broadbase's products connect to and analyze data from various applications,
including Internet applications, that enable businesses to capture and use
information about their customers. Government regulation that limits
Broadbase's customers' use of this information could reduce the demand for
Broadbase's products. A number of jurisdictions have adopted, or are
considering adopting, laws that restrict the use of customer information from
Internet applications. The European Union has required that its member states
adopt legislation that imposes restrictions on the collection and use of
personal data, and that limits the transfer of personally-identifiable data to
countries that do not impose equivalent restrictions. In the United States, the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act was enacted in October 1998. This
legislation directs the Federal Trade Commission to regulate the collection of
data from children on commercial websites. In addition, the Federal Trade
Commission has begun investigations into the privacy practices of businesses
that collect information on the Internet. These and other privacy-related
initiatives could reduce demand for some of the Internet applications with
which Broadbase's products operate, and could restrict the use of its products
in some e-commerce applications. This could reduce demand for Broadbase's
products.

The imposition of sales and other taxes on products sold by Broadbase customers
over the Internet could have a negative effect on online commerce and the
demand for Broadbase products and services

   The imposition of new sales or other taxes could limit the growth of
Internet commerce generally and, as a result, the demand for Broadbase's
products and services. Recent federal legislation limits the imposition of
state and local taxes on Internet-related sales. Congress may choose not to
renew this legislation in 2001, in which case state and local governments would
be free to impose taxes on electronically purchased goods. Broadbase believes
that most companies that sell products over the Internet do not currently
collect sales or other taxes on shipments of their products into states or
foreign countries where they are not physically present. However, one or more
states or foreign countries may seek to impose sales or other tax collection
obligations on out-of-jurisdiction companies that engage in e-commerce. A
successful assertion by one or more states or foreign countries that companies
that engage in e-commerce should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of
their products over the Internet, even though not physically in the state or
country, could indirectly reduce demand for Broadbase's products.

Privacy concerns relating to the Internet are increasing, which could result in
legislation that negatively affects Broadbase's business, in reduced sales of
its products, or both

   Businesses using Broadbase's products capture information regarding their
customers when those customers contact them on-line with customer service
inquiries. Privacy concerns could cause visitors to resist providing the
personal data necessary to allow Broadbase's customers to use its software
products most effectively. More importantly, even the perception of privacy
concerns, whether or not valid, may indirectly inhibit market acceptance of
Broadbase's products. In addition, legislative or regulatory requirements may
heighten these concerns if businesses must notify Web site users that the data
captured after visiting certain Web sites may be used by marketing entities to
unilaterally direct product promotion and advertising to that user. While
Broadbase is not aware of any such legislation or regulatory requirements
currently in effect in the United States, other countries and political
entities, such as the European Union, have adopted such legislation or
regulatory requirements and the United States may do so as well. If consumer
privacy concerns are not adequately addressed, Broadbase's business could be
harmed.

                      ANNUAL MEETING OF KANA STOCKHOLDERS

General

   Kana is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to holders of Kana
common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Kana board
of directors for use at the annual meeting of stockholders of Kana to be held
on July 3, 2001, and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is first being furnished to Kana
stockholders on or about May 25, 2001.

Date, Time and Place

   The annual meeting will be held on July 3, 2001 at 10:00 a.m., local time,
at the offices of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Two Embarcadero Place, 2200
Geng Road, Palo Alto, California 94303.

Matters to be Considered at the Annual Meeting

   At the annual meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the annual
meeting, Kana stockholders will be asked:

  . to approve the issuance of Kana common stock to Broadbase stockholders as
    contemplated by the merger agreement;

  . to approve a proposal to change the name of Kana to "Kana Software, Inc."
    by amending Kana's second amended and restated certificate of
    incorporation;

  . to approve an amendment of the Kana 1999 Stock Incentive Plan that to the
    number of shares of Kana common stock available for issuance under the
    1999 Stock Incentive Plan by an additional 15,000,000 shares and to
    increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the share
    reserved under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan may automatically increase
    each calendar year from 6,000,000 shares to 10,000,000 shares, effective
    for all calendar years after 2001;

  . to approve an amendment and restatement of the Kana 1999 Employee Stock
    Purchase Plan to:

   . increase the number of shares of common stock issuable under the term
     of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan by an additional 10,000,000
     shares of common stock, from 2,122,507 shares to 12,122,507 shares;

   . increase the limit on the maximum number of shares by which the share
     reserve under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan may automatically
     increase each calendar year from 666,666 shares to 4,000,000 shares,
     effective for all calendar years after the 2001 calendar year; and

   . revise certain provisions of the plan document in order to facilitate
     the administration of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

  . to elect two directors to serve for three-year terms ending in the year
    2004 or until their successors are duly elected and qualified; and

  . to transact such other business as may properly come before the annual
    meeting or any adjournment or postponement.

Record Date

   Kana's board has fixed the close of business on May 23, 2001, as the record
date for determining Kana stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the
annual meeting.

Voting of Proxies

   Kana requests that its stockholders complete, date and sign the accompanying
proxy and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope or otherwise mail it
to Kana. Alternatively, Kana stockholders may vote either by telephone or the
Internet. To vote by telephone Kana stockholders should call toll-free 1-800-
840-1208 and follow the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. To vote by
Internet, Kana stockholders should follow the instructions at the website
address www.eproxy.com/KANA. Stockholders voting by telephone or the Internet
do not need to mail back the enclosed proxy card. Brokers holding shares in
"street name" may vote the shares only if the stockholder provides instructions
on how to vote. Brokers will provide directions on how to instruct the broker
to vote the shares. All properly executed proxies that Kana receives prior to
the vote at the annual meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in
accordance with the instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction
is indicated, to approve the issuance of shares of Kana as contemplated by the
merger agreement, to approve the name change, the amendment of the 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan, the amendment and restatement of the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan and the election of the directors nominated for election. Kana's
board does not currently intend to bring any other business before the annual
meeting and, so far as Kana's board knows, no other matters are to be brought
before the annual meeting. If other business properly comes before the annual
meeting, the proxies will vote in accordance with their own judgment.

   Stockholders may revoke their proxies at any time prior to its use:

  . by delivering to the Secretary of Kana a signed notice of revocation or a
    later-dated, signed proxy; or

  . by entering new voting instructions via the telephone or the Internet on
    a date subsequent to the previous instructions and prior to the headline
    indicated in the proxy card; or

  . by attending the annual meeting and voting in person.

   Attendance at the annual meeting does not in itself constitute the
revocation of a proxy.

Votes Required

   As of the close of business on May 17, 2001, there were 94,575,040 shares of
Kana common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Each Kana stockholder is
entitled to one vote for each share of Kana common stock held by such
stockholder on the record date. For the amendment to Kana's second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation to change the name of Kana to "Kana
Software, Inc.," holders of a majority of Kana's outstanding common stock must
approve the amendment. The issuance of Kana common stock in the merger, the
amendment of the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan and the amendment and restatement of
the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan each require the approval of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Kana's common stock that are present or
represented by proxy at the Kana meeting and entitled to vote. The proposal to
elect two directors to Kana's board of directors requires the affirmative vote
of a plurality of the Kana shares present or represented at the annual meeting
and entitled to vote on such proposal.

   As of April 9, 2001, directors and executive officers of Kana and their
affiliates beneficially owned an aggregate of 19,407,963 shares of Kana common
stock (including shares issuable upon the exercise of options that are
exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001) or approximately 20.4% of the
shares of Kana common stock outstanding on such date. Pursuant to separate
voting agreements in the form attached as Appendix II, Kana's directors and
executive officers, and their affiliates, have agreed to vote their shares of
Kana common stock in favor of the issuance of the Kana common stock in
connection with the merger, against any action or agreement that could prevent
or compete with the merger, and in favor of the name change. As of April 9,
2001, directors and executive officers of Broadbase owned no shares of Kana
common stock.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

   The required quorum for the transaction of business at the annual meeting is
holders, present in person or by proxy, of a majority of the shares of Kana
common stock issued and outstanding on the record date. Abstentions and broker
non-votes each will be included in determining the number of shares present and
voting at the meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.
Brokers holding shares for beneficial owners cannot vote on any of the actions
proposed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus other than the election of
directors without the owners' specific instructions. Accordingly, Kana
stockholders are urged to return the enclosed proxy card marked to indicate
their vote. Broker non-votes will not be included in vote totals and will have
no effect on the outcome of the votes on the issuance of the shares in the
merger or on any other proposal to be voted upon at the meeting, except the
name change. Brokers' non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the
name change. Abstentions, however, will have the same effect as a vote against
issuing the shares in the merger, approval of the name change, the amendment of
the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, and the amendment and restatement of the 1999
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as applicable. Abstentions will have no effect on
the election of directors nominated for election. Adjournment would require the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Kana common
stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Kana annual meeting.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

   Kana will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at the Kana
annual meeting. Kana has retained the services of ChaseMellon Consulting
Services, LLC to assist in the solicitation of proxies from Kana stockholders.
The fees to be paid to the firm by Kana for these services are not expected to
exceed $100,000, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In addition to
solicitation by mail, the directors, officers and employees of Kana may solicit
proxies from Kana stockholders by telephone, facsimile or in person. Brokerage
houses, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward
soliciting materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their
reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners.

Stockholder Proposals for the Kana 2002 Annual Meeting

   Proposals of stockholders of Kana that are intended to be presented at
Kana's 2002 Annual Meeting must be timely delivered or received by Kana. Under
Kana's bylaws, to be deemed properly presented, notice must be delivered to, or
mailed and received by, Kana no less than 120 days prior to the date of the
meeting. The stockholder's notice must set forth, as to each proposed matter:

  . a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the
    meeting and the reasons for conducting the business at the meeting;

  . the name and address, as they appear on Kana's books, of the stockholder
    proposing the business, and the name and address of the beneficial owner,
    if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made;

  . the class and number of shares of stock of Kana that are owned
    beneficially and of record by the stockholders of record and the
    beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and

  . any material interest of the stockholder of record and the beneficial
    owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in the business to be
    presented.

If the presiding officer of the meeting determines that such business has not
been properly brought before the meeting, then the business will not be
transacted.

Board Recommendations

   The Kana board has determined that the merger and the issuance of Kana
common stock in the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests
of, Kana and its stockholders. Accordingly, the

board unanimously has approved the issuance of shares of Kana common stock
contemplated by the merger agreement and unanimously recommends that
stockholders vote "FOR" approval of the issuance of shares of Kana common stock
contemplated by the merger agreement.

   The Kana board has also determined that the change in Kana's name, the
election of the two nominated directors, the amendment of the 1999 Stock
Incentive Plan and the amendment and restatement of the 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan are in the best interest of Kana and its stockholders. The Kana
board unanimously recommends that Kana stockholders vote "FOR" approval of each
of these proposals.

   The matters to be considered at the annual meeting are of great importance
to Kana stockholders. Accordingly, Kana stockholders are urged to read and
carefully consider the information presented in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the
enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or grant their proxy
by telephone or the Internet by following the instructions described above and
on the enclosed proxy card.

   Kana stockholders should not send any stock certificates with their proxy
cards.

                   SPECIAL MEETING OF BROADBASE STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Broadbase Meeting

   Broadbase Software, Inc. will hold a special meeting of its stockholders at
the Stanford Park Hotel located at 100 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California,
on July 3, 2001, at 10:00 a.m., Pacific Time.

   At the meeting, Broadbase stockholders will be asked to adopt and approve a
merger agreement with Kana and to approve the merger of Broadbase with a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana, which will result in Broadbase becoming a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Kana. The merger agreement is attached as Appendix I
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   Broadbase does not anticipate that any other matter will be presented for
action at the meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the
meeting, the persons named in the proxies will have discretion to vote on these
matters in accordance with their judgment.

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

   The record date for the Broadbase meeting is May 23, 2001. Only holders of
record of Broadbase common stock at the close of business on the record date
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. As of the close of
business May 17, 2001, there were approximately 82,097,693 shares of Broadbase
common stock outstanding and entitled to vote, held of record by approximately
1,154 stockholders, although Broadbase has been informed that there are in
excess of approximately 11,000 beneficial holders.

   On March 1, 2001, directors, executive officers and other affiliated
stockholders of Broadbase as a group beneficially owned 9,509,313 shares of
Broadbase common stock. These shares constituted approximately 11.4% of all of
the outstanding shares of Broadbase common stock as of March 1, 2001. Broadbase
stockholders holding approximately 11.7% of the outstanding shares of Broadbase
common stock (including shares issuable upon exercise of options that are
exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001) have agreed to vote all of their
shares of Broadbase common stock in favor of the adoption and approval of the
merger agreement and approval of the merger and against any action or agreement
that would prevent or compete with the merger.

Vote and Quorum Requirements

   Vote Required. Each Broadbase stockholder is entitled to one vote for each
share of Broadbase common stock held as of the record date. Adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Broadbase common stock. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same
effect as votes against the merger agreement and the merger.

   Quorum. The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at the
Broadbase meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a
quorum for the purposes of the meeting. If sufficient votes to constitute a
quorum or to approve the merger are not received by the date of the meeting,
the persons named as proxies may propose one or more adjournments of the
meeting to permit further solicitation of proxies. Adjournment would require
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Broadbase common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the
Broadbase meeting. The persons named as proxies would generally exercise their
authority to vote in favor of adjournment.

Voting and Revocability of Proxies

   The accompanying proxy is solicited on behalf of Broadbase's board of
directors for use at the Broadbase meeting. Please complete, date and sign the
proxy card and promptly return it in the enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it
to Broadbase. All properly signed proxies that Broadbase receives and that are
not revoked prior to the vote at the Broadbase meeting will be voted at the
meeting according to the instructions indicated

on the proxies or, if no vote is indicated, in favor of adopting and approving
the merger agreement and approving the merger. You may revoke your proxy at any
time before it is exercised at the meeting by taking any of the following
actions:

  . delivering to the secretary of Broadbase a written notice, bearing a date
    later than the date of the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked;

  . signing and delivering to the secretary of Broadbase a proxy relating to
    the same shares and bearing a later date prior to the vote at the
    meeting; or

  . attending the Broadbase meeting and voting in person, although attendance
    at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy. Please note, however,
    that if your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee
    and you wish to vote at the Broadbase meeting, you must bring to the
    meeting a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your
    beneficial ownership of the shares.

Expenses of Proxy Solicitation

   Broadbase will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at the
Broadbase meeting. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other
soliciting materials, Broadbase and its agents also may solicit proxies by
mail, telephone or in person. Broadbase has retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
to aid in the solicitation of proxies. MacKenzie Partners, Inc. will receive a
fee for these services, estimated to be approximately $6,500, and reimbursement
for its expenses. Also, Broadbase will request brokers, custodians, nominees
and other record holders of Broadbase common stock to forward copies of the
proxy and other soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold shares of
Broadbase common stock and to request authority for the exercise of proxies. In
these cases, upon the request of the record holders, Broadbase will reimburse
these holders for their reasonable expenses.

   Broadbase's board of directors recommends a vote FOR the adoption and
approval of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

                                   THE MERGER

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes material
aspects of the proposed merger, including the merger agreement which is
attached as Appendix I and incorporated herein by reference. While Kana and
Broadbase believe that this description covers the material terms of the merger
and the related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to Kana stockholders and Broadbase stockholders.
Stockholders should read the entire merger agreement and the other documents we
refer to carefully and in their entirety for a more complete understanding of
the merger.

Background of the Merger

   As a regular part of their business plans, Kana and Broadbase have from time
to time each considered opportunities for expanding and strengthening their
technology, products, research and development capabilities and distribution
channels, including strategic acquisitions, business combinations, investments,
licensing and development agreements and joint ventures.

   Between late December 1999 and the end of February 2000, Michael J.
McCloskey, Kana's former chief executive officer, and Chuck Bay, president and
chief executive officer of Broadbase, engaged in discussions regarding a
potential strategic business combination. During that time, various members of
the Broadbase management team met with members of Kana's management team to
conduct business due diligence and to discuss the potential benefits of a
business combination, and representatives of the two companies communicated
regarding possible terms of a transaction. However, the parties did not reach
agreement on proposed terms. From time to time from April 2000 to December
2000, Mr. McCloskey and Mr. Bay occasionally communicated regarding their
businesses and potential relationships between the companies.

   At various times between April 2000 and March 2001, Mr. Bay and other
representatives of Broadbase also held preliminary discussions with several
other companies with respect to potential acquisitions of Broadbase or
potential mergers involving Broadbase, some of which parties conducted
financial, legal and technical due diligence on Broadbase. However, Broadbase
did not reach agreement with any of these companies as to valuation or other
material terms of any potential mergers or acquisitions, and the parties did
not engage in negotiations of definitive agreements for any such transactions.

   At various times between April 2000 and March 2001, Mr. McCloskey, and James
C. Wood, his successor as chief executive officer, and other representatives of
Kana also held preliminary discussions with other companies with respect to
potential acquisitions of Kana or potential mergers involving Kana, some of
which parties conducted financial, legal and technical due diligence on Kana.
However, Kana did not reach agreement with any of these companies as to
valuations or other material forms of any potential mergers or acquisitions,
and the parties did not engage in negotiations of definitive agreements in any
such respects.

   During the last week of March 2001, Mr. Wood contacted Mr. Bay to discuss
the respective businesses of Kana and Broadbase and to determine whether
Broadbase would be interested in resuming discussions regarding a business
combination with Kana. Over the next several days, Mr. Wood and Mr. Bay engaged
in preliminary discussions regarding the nature of a possible business
combination between Kana and Broadbase and the potential of the combined
enterprise.

   At a special meeting of the board held on the evening of March 30, 2001,
Kana's board of directors received an update from Mr. Wood and other officers
of Kana on Kana's business and financial condition, its remaining cash and cash
expenditure rate, and its competitive outlook in the marketplace. Kana's board
decided to evaluate various strategic transactions, including a potential
business combination with Broadbase and other potential strategic transactions
with several companies with respect to which Kana had received informal
inquiries but had not yet received formal offers or indications of interest.
Among these companies were Company A, a large Nasdaq-listed enterprise software
applications provider, and Company B, a large, Nasdaq-listed communications
hardware and software provider. Kana's board instructed Mr. Wood to contact
Goldman,

Sachs & Co. in connection with the proposed strategic transactions. In
addition, Kana's board authorized Mr. Wood to continue evaluating potential
strategic transactions, including further discussions with Broadbase, Company A
and Company B.

   On April 2 and April 3, 2001, Kana's board held two special meetings to
review the status of the strategic transactions available to Kana. Kana's board
discussed the merits of potential strategic business combinations with
Broadbase, Company A and Company B and certain other companies in the software
industry and communications industry. The discussions included the strategic
benefits that could be achieved in a combination of the companies' products and
services, management and sales organizations and the possibility of obtaining
interim financing in connection with any such transaction. Kana's board also
discussed potential headcount and cost reductions. Mr. Wood reported to the
board that additional discussions had been held with representatives of Company
A and Company B and it was likely that Kana would receive a proposal for a
strategic transaction from one or both companies in the near future.
Representatives of Goldman Sachs and Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Kana's
outside legal counsel, attended the meetings. On April 3, 2001, Kana's board
agreed to formally retain Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor in connection
with the potential strategic transactions.

   On April 2 and April 3, 2001, Mr. Wood and Mr. Bay continued to discuss the
benefits of a strategic transaction between Kana and Broadbase, the benefits of
combining the companies, the possibility of interim financing, and valuation
expectations.

   On April 3 and April 4, 2001, Kana and Broadbase, respectively, announced
their preliminary results of operations for the first quarter of 2001.

   On April 5, 2001, Eric Willgohs, Broadbase's Vice President, Legal and
General Counsel, contacted Fenwick & West LLP, Broadbase's outside legal
counsel, and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated regarding the proposed merger,
and Broadbase, consulting with representatives of Morgan Stanley and Fenwick,
prepared a draft term sheet to be submitted to Kana.

   On April 5, 2001, the Broadbase board of directors held a special meeting to
review the discussions with Kana. Broadbase's board discussed potential
benefits and risks of the proposed transaction with Kana, as well as the
anticipated operating results of the combined company. Representatives of
Fenwick discussed specific terms of the proposed transaction with Kana,
including the proposed exchange ratio, the proposed interim financing of Kana,
the proposed stock option agreements and voting agreements, the proposed
management and board of directors of the combined company, the terms of the
non-solicitation covenants, and the terms of the proposed license agreement,
and the duties of the Broadbase board with respect to the proposed transaction.
Broadbase's board authorized management to proceed with its discussions with
Kana. In addition, Broadbase's board agreed to formally retain Morgan Stanley
as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction.

   On April 5, 2001, Kana's board held a special meeting to review the status
of discussions with Broadbase, Company A and Company B as well as other
possible strategic transactions. Kana's board reviewed and discussed the draft
term sheet which had been delivered on behalf of Broadbase. Kana's board also
reviewed and discussed a letter of interest that had been received by Kana
indicating the basic terms of a possible transaction with Company A. Mr. Wood
reported that it was likely that a formal offer would be made by Company B in
the next 48-72 hours, but that the offer was likely to be for a strategic
investment, rather than a business combination. Representatives of Brobeck and
Goldman Sachs also attended and participated in this meeting. Among the factors
Kana's board considered in evaluating potential transactions with each of
Broadbase, Company A and Company B were the comparative market capitalizations,
revenue potential, liquidity, possibility of interim financing, infrastructures
and product fit of each potential partner, as well as the timeline on which a
transaction could be concluded. Representatives of Brobeck then discussed
specific aspects of the proposed transaction with Broadbase, including the
proposed restrictions on the conduct of Kana's business, the proposed
management of Kana following the merger, the terms of the non-solicitation
covenants,

the termination sections and the consequences of termination, the operation of
the stock option agreements, the terms of the voting agreements, and the
possible terms of an interim loan from Broadbase. Based on the relative merits
offered by each potential transaction, Kana's board determined that it would
move forward with negotiating definitive documents with Broadbase based on the
term sheet reviewed at the meeting, but that it would entertain further
discussions with Company A and/or Company B should a formal offer from one or
both companies be forthcoming.

   On April 5, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into a non-disclosure
agreement, and Broadbase instructed Fenwick to prepare drafts of the merger
agreement and other transaction documents. Later that evening, Brobeck and
representatives of Company A's outside legal counsel negotiated a nondisclosure
agreement, which was then executed by Kana and Company A.

   Beginning on the morning of April 6, 2001 and continuing through April 8,
2001, a series of meetings was held at the offices of Fenwick between
marketing, legal, operations, technical and finance personnel, accountants and
financial advisors of both companies for the purpose of conducting due
diligence. Representatives from Brobeck and Fenwick also conducted a legal due
diligence review. On the evening of April 6, 2001, Fenwick distributed a draft
of a merger agreement and other draft transaction documents to the working
group for the transaction.

   On April 7, 2001, Brobeck provided its initial comments on the draft merger
agreement and other draft transaction documents previously distributed by
Fenwick.

   In the early evening of April 7, 2001, Broadbase's board of directors held a
special meeting to review the status of the discussions with Kana. The board
discussed the proposed plan for headcount reductions at both companies, the
financial condition, liquidity and anticipated results of operations of
Broadbase and Kana, and the cost structure and anticipated potential results of
operations of the combined company. Representatives of Morgan Stanley attended
and discussed the financial performance of Kana and Broadbase and current
economic and industry conditions. The board then discussed the likelihood of
alternative transactions that Broadbase could pursue. Representatives of
Fenwick also attended and advised the Broadbase board of its fiduciary duties
in considering the merger and reviewed the principal terms of the revised draft
merger agreement and related agreements. Broadbase's board discussed the
principal terms of the proposed transaction, including the proposed exchange
ratio, the requirement that Broadbase provide Kana with up to $20 million in
unsecured loans, and the operation and terms of the proposed distribution and
license agreement, the proposed voting agreements and the proposed stock option
agreements. Broadbase's board authorized management to continue its
negotiations with Kana.

   In the early evening of April 7, 2001, Kana's board held a special meeting
to discuss the status of the potential strategic transactions available to
Kana. Mr. Wood noted that in the afternoon, Kana had received a proposal from
Company A for an acquisition of Kana and a proposal from Company B for a
strategic investment in Kana. Representatives of Goldman Sachs attended the
meeting and discussed selected financial attributes of Kana, Broadbase and
Company A. Representatives of Goldman Sachs also participated in discussions
with the board with respect to the terms of the proposals from Company A and
Company B. After further discussion, Kana's board determined that,
notwithstanding the strength and resources of Company B, a business combination
with Broadbase was preferable to operating independently following an
investment by Company B because of the perceived strategic fit between Kana's
and Broadbase's businesses and product lines. Kana's board determined that
Company B's proposal had a number of disadvantages and did not offer as much
value to Kana and its stockholders as a combination with Broadbase. Mr. Wood
also noted that Company B had indicated that it was not interested in a
business combination with Kana in the near term. Kana's board then determined
to defer further discussions with Company B.

   Kana's board then considered the terms of the alternative proposal from
Company A as compared with the Broadbase proposal. Kana's board noted that the
alternative proposal from Company A was subject to a due diligence
investigation that had not yet begun and the drafting and negotiating of
definitive agreements, and

weighed these factors in light of the relative certainty associated with the
relatively more completed process with Broadbase, and the attractiveness of the
interim funding aspect of the Broadbase proposal, in light of Kana's cash
position. The Company A proposal was further weighed against the possibility
that Broadbase might have been unwilling to proceed on the terms then under
discussion if Kana continued to engage in discussions with Company A. Kana's
board viewed the Broadbase transaction as more attractive than the alternative
proposal from Company A both because of the proposed terms of the respective
transactions and because it believed that Broadbase's financial position,
products, services, management and sales organizations provided a more
favorable strategic fit with Kana than a combination with Company A. Kana's
board also considered that a definitive merger agreement with Broadbase would
contain provisions allowing Kana to consider and respond to future unsolicited
proposals from Company A, Company B, or any other party if Kana's board made a
finding that it was required to do so to comply with its fiduciary duties to
its stockholders, subject to the payment to Broadbase of a $2.5 million merger
termination fee and other provisions.

   Representatives of Brobeck discussed with, and answered questions from, the
Kana board regarding the Kana board's legal duties and responsibilities in
connection with considering the proposed business combination with Broadbase
and reviewed the principal terms of the revised draft merger agreement and
related agreements. The Kana board discussed certain business issues in the
proposed transaction with Broadbase, including the proposed exchange ratio, the
merger consideration, treatment of Broadbase employees following the proposed
transaction, acceleration of Broadbase stock options, management of the
combined companies and industry competition. The Kana board also reviewed
certain legal issues relating to the proposed transaction with Broadbase,
including termination rights, the operation of the stock option agreements and
the operation of the distribution and license agreement. The Kana board also
discussed a proposed headcount reduction of Kana and the timing of such a
reduction if implemented. After lengthy discussion, the Kana board decided to
continue negotiating with Broadbase, subject to review of the revised merger
agreement and revised related agreements.

   During the evening of April 7, 2001 and the morning of April 8, 2001,
representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick held a series of negotiations concerning
the terms of the draft merger agreement and the other draft related agreements
by teleconference and at the offices of Fenwick. The terms discussed in these
negotiations included, among other things, the representations and warranties
made by the parties, the restrictions on the conduct of their business, the
terms of the non-solicitation covenants and other material covenants, the
termination provisions, the provisions regarding payment of the termination
fees and the consequences of termination, the conditions to closing and the
definition of adverse events that would not prevent the closing of the
transaction, and the terms and conditions of the revolving loan agreement, the
distribution and license agreement, the stock option agreements and the voting
agreements.

   On the afternoon of April 8, 2001, Fenwick distributed revised drafts of the
proposed merger agreement and other related agreements and Brobeck provided
comments on these draft agreements. Throughout the evening of April 8, 2001,
representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick continued to negotiate the terms of
these agreements by teleconference and at the offices of Fenwick. Thereafter,
Fenwick distributed revised agreements.

   The Kana board held a special meeting in the evening on April 8, 2001 to
review and approve the terms of the merger with Broadbase. Mr. Rodriguez,
Kana's Interim Chief Financial Officer, updated the board on Kana's financial
position, including its cash position. Representatives of Brobeck briefed the
Kana board regarding the board's legal duties and responsibilities in
connection with considering the merger, and again reviewed the results of the
parties' further negotiations, the principal terms of the merger agreement and
the related agreements. Representatives of Goldman Sachs attended the meeting
and discussed the financial performance of Kana and Broadbase, the current
financial market environment, the stock trading patterns of Kana and Broadbase
as well as other companies in the software industry and the financial impact of
the proposed merger. Goldman Sachs later delivered its oral opinion to Kana's
board that, as of such date, and subject to a number of assumptions,
qualifications and limitations which are set forth in the written opinion
attached as Appendix VIII to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the
exchange ratio of 1.05 shares of Kana

common stock to be exchanged for each share of Broadbase common stock pursuant
to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Kana.
Following the discussions, Kana's board unanimously determined that the
proposed merger was advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, Kana and
its stockholders and approved the terms of the merger agreement and related
agreements and the issuance of Kana stock in the merger and authorized Mr. Wood
to execute, on behalf of Kana, the merger agreement and related agreements,
subject to any non-material changes that Mr. Wood was empowered to negotiate.
In addition, the Kana board gave further consideration to the proposed plan for
reduction of Kana's headcount, including the impact of this plan if the merger
was not consummated, the impact of this plan on Kana's anticipated costs and
revenues, and the viability of further headcount reductions. The Kana board
then unanimously approved the proposed headcount reduction plan.

   In the evening on April 8, 2001, the Broadbase board of directors held a
special meeting to review and approve the terms of the proposed merger.
Representatives of Morgan Stanley and Fenwick were present. Morgan Stanley
delivered its oral opinion to Broadbase's board that, as of that date, the
exchange ratio of 1.05 shares of Kana common stock to be exchanged for each
share of Broadbase common stock pursuant to the merger was fair to Broadbase's
stockholders from a financial point of view. Fenwick advised Broadbase's

board regarding the board's legal duties and responsibilities considering the
merger, and again reviewed the principal terms of the merger agreement and the
related agreements. Following the discussions, Broadbase's board unanimously
determined that the proposed merger was advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Broadbase and its stockholders and approved the terms of the
merger agreement and related agreements and authorized Mr. Bay to execute, on
behalf of Broadbase, the merger agreement and related agreements, subject to
any non-material changes that Mr. Bay was empowered to negotiate. In addition,
Broadbase's board considered Broadbase's proposed headcount reduction plan,
including the impact of this plan if the merger was not consummated, the impact
of the plan on Broadbase's anticipated costs and revenues, and the viability of
further headcount reductions. After discussion, Broadbase's board unanimously
approved the proposed headcount reduction plan.

   Representatives of Brobeck and Fenwick then proceeded to complete
negotiations on the remaining terms of the merger agreement and the related
agreements.

   Early in the morning on April 9, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into the
merger agreement, the stock option agreements, the revolving loan agreement and
the distribution and license agreement. Also on April 9, 2001, certain
stockholders of Kana entered into voting agreements with Broadbase and certain
Broadbase stockholders entered into voting agreements with Kana, and agreed to
vote their shares in favor of the transaction. Kana and Broadbase then issued a
joint press release announcing the signing of the merger agreement and held a
conference call to discuss the merger with interested investors and analysts.

Kana's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Kana's Board of Directors

   Kana's Reasons for the Merger. On April 8, 2001, Kana's board of directors
unanimously concluded that the merger was in the best interests of Kana and its
stockholders, and recommended that the stockholders approve the issuance of
shares of Kana common stock in the merger. This decision was based upon several
potential benefits of the merger that Kana's board believes will contribute to
the success of the combined company. These potential benefits from combining
Broadbase with Kana include:

  . the opportunity to preserve and enhance stockholder value by combining
    two complementary businesses;

  . access to Broadbase's cash reserves to help fund Kana's operations;

  . expanding Kana's technology leadership by providing a web-architected e-
    Business platform and a comprehensive suite of customer-facing
    applications;

  . the combination of products that could provide the platform for linking
    business-to-consumer and business-to-business functions within an e-
    Business;

  . the complementary nature of each company's product offering as an
    extension of the offering of the other company;

  . increased distribution channels for Kana's product through Broadbase's
    portfolio of partners;

  . the expectation that the combined company would wield a stronger
    management team;

  . increased distribution channels for Broadbase's products through Kana's
    base of customers;

  .  increased product diversification and penetration of each company's
     customer base;

  . a reduction in operating expense that would result from combining
    functionalities of Kana and Broadbase and eliminating redundancies;

  .  Broadbase's leadership position in its market;

  .  the opportunity for expanded research and development of the combined
     product offering, including potential new product offerings; and

  .  an increase in the size of Kana's market.

   Kana's board reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the merger,
including, but not limited to, the following:

  .  information concerning Broadbase's business, financial performance and
     condition, particularly its cash position, operations, technology and
     management;

  . the timing of the interim financing;

  .  the strength of Broadbase's management team;

  .  information concerning the financial condition, results of operations
     and businesses of Kana and Broadbase before and after giving effect to
     the merger;

  .  current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to Kana common stock and
     Broadbase common stock;

  .  the consideration Kana will issue in the merger in light of comparable
     merger transactions;

  .  the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements
     are reasonable;

  .  the impact of the merger on the customers and employees of Kana and the
     combined company;

  .  Kana's management's view as to the integration of Broadbase;

  .  results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Kana's
     management, accountants, financial advisors and legal counsel;

  .  Kana's intention to account for the merger as a purchase;

  .  the expectation that the merger would be a tax free transaction;

  .  the percentage ownership of the combined company of Kana's stockholders;

  .  possible alternative means of achieving the anticipated benefits of the
     merger, including the possibility of a combination with other companies
     and possible strategic alliances that would not involve a combination;

  . advice of Kana's outside legal counsel, on the proposed terms of the
    merger agreement.

  .  the restrictions posed by the non-solicitation, stockholder vote and
     termination provisions of the merger agreement and the effect that these
     provisions might have on Kana's ability to respond to a superior offer
     from a third party and directors' ability to discharge their fiduciary
     duties;

  .  the terms of the revolving loan agreement, stock option agreement and
     the distribution and license agreement and Kana's evaluation of the
     likelihood that another company would propose an alternative transaction
     with or without the existence of these terms; and

  .  the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs & Co., and its opinion (the full
     text of which is attached as Appendix VIII to this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus) to the effect that, as of April 9, 2001, and
     subject to a number of qualifications, assumptions and limitations set
     forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger agreement was
     fair from a financial point of view to Kana.

   The Kana board also identified and considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger including the
following:

  .  the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

  .  the risk that the merger may not be consummated, notwithstanding the
     voting agreements obtained from holders representing beneficial
     ownership (including shares issuable upon the exercise of options or
     exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001) of approximately 11.7% of
     Broadbase's common stock and holders of 20.4% of Kana's common stock as
     of April 9, 2001;

  .  the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the
     merger, including the risk that despite the efforts of the combined
     company, key technical, sales and management personnel might not remain
     employed by the combined company;

  .  the risk that Broadbase and Kana would not be able to integrate their
     respective products, technology and organizations;

  .  the anticipated impact of the merger on Kana's customers, strategic
     partners and employees and their expected reaction to the announcement
     of the merger;

  .  the potential effect of the termination fee and the terms of the
     revolving loan agreement, the distribution and license agreement and the
     stock option agreement negotiated by Kana in deterring other potential
     acquirors from proposing an alternative transaction that might be more
     advantageous to Kana stockholders;

  .  the risk that if the merger is not completed, Kana would have borrowed
     substantial sums from Broadbase, implemented significant reductions in
     its workforce, incurred other significant costs in contemplation of the
     merger, granted an option to purchase a substantial amount of its
     capital stock to a competitor, and granted a worldwide five-year license
     to all of its intellectual property to Broadbase at a favorable price,
     and that these actions could weaken it as an independent company if the
     merger were not completed; and

  .  other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus under "Risk Factors."

   In addition, Kana's board of directors considered the interests that its
officers and directors may have with respect to the merger in addition to their
interests as Kana stockholders.

   Kana's board concluded, however, that some of these risks were unlikely to
occur, that others could be mitigated, and on balance, the merger's potential
benefits to Kana and its stockholders outweighed the associated risks. The
discussion of the information and factors considered by Kana's board is not
intended to be exhaustive. In view of the variety of factors considered in
connection with its evaluation of the merger, Kana's board did not find it
practicable to, and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to,
the specific factors considered in reaching its determination.

   Recommendation of Kana's Board of Directors. For the reasons discussed
above, Kana's Board of Directors has determined the merger agreement and the
merger to be advisable and fair to and in the best interests of Kana and its
stockholders. Kana's Board of Directors unanimously recommends that Kana
stockholders vote for approval of the issuance of Kana common stock in the
merger.

Opinion of Kana's Financial Advisor

   On April 8, 2001, Goldman Sachs delivered its oral opinion to the board of
directors of Kana that, as of such date, the exchange ratio was fair from a
financial point of view to Kana. Goldman Sachs subsequently confirmed its oral
opinion by delivery of its written opinion dated April 9, 2001.

   The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated April 9, 2001,
which sets forth assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Appendix VIII.
Goldman Sachs provided its opinion for the information and assistance of Kana's
board of directors in connection with its consideration of the merger. The
Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any holder of Kana
common stock should vote with respect to the merger. Kana urges you to read the
opinion in its entirety.

   In connection with its opinion, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:

  .  the merger agreement;

  .  the registration statements on Form S-1 of Kana and Broadbase relating
     to the initial public offering of the Kana common stock and the
     Broadbase common stock, respectively;

  .  annual reports to stockholders and annual reports on Form 10-K of Kana
     and Broadbase for the two years ended December 31, 2000;

  .  certain interim reports to stockholders and quarterly reports on Form
     10-Q of Kana and Broadbase;

  .  certain other communications from Kana and Broadbase to their respective
     stockholders; and

  .  certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for Kana and Broadbase
     prepared by their respective managements, including certain cost savings
     and operating synergies projected by the managements of Kana and
     Broadbase to result from the merger.

   Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior management of
Kana and Broadbase regarding their assessment of the strategic rationale for,
and the potential benefits of, the transaction contemplated by the merger
agreement and the past and current business operations, financial condition and
future prospects of their respective companies, including the current and
projected availability of cash for each of Kana and Broadbase. In addition,
Goldman Sachs:

  .  reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Kana common
     stock and the Broadbase common stock;

  .  compared certain financial and stock market information for Kana and
     Broadbase with similar information for certain other companies the
     securities of which are publicly traded;

  .  reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in
     the software industry specifically and in other industries generally;
     and

  .  performed such other studies and analyses as Goldman Sachs considered
     appropriate.

   Goldman Sachs relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial, accounting and other information discussed with or reviewed by it
and assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering its
opinion. In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed, with the consent of Kana's
board of directors, that the internal financial forecasts prepared by the
managements of Kana and Broadbase, including any synergies, were reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of Kana and Broadbase. Goldman Sachs did not make an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities of Kana or Broadbase or
any of their respective subsidiaries and was not furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal. The opinion of Goldman Sachs does not address the
relative merits of the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement as
compared to any alternative business transaction that might be, or might have
been, available to Kana.

   The advisory services and opinion of Goldman Sachs were provided for the
information and assistance of the board of directors of Kana in connection with
its consideration of the merger, and the opinion does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any holder of Kana common stock should vote with
respect to the merger.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by
Goldman Sachs in connection with providing its oral opinion to Kana's board of
directors on April 8, 2001. Goldman Sachs utilized substantially the same type
of financial analyses in connection with providing the written opinion attached
hereto as Appendix VIII. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format. In order to more fully
understand the financial analyses used by Goldman Sachs, the tables must be
read together with the full text of each summary. The tables alone are not a
complete description of Goldman Sachs' financial analyses.

   (1) Exchange Ratio and Price Premium Analysis. Goldman Sachs calculated (i)
the average ratio of the closing price of the Broadbase common stock to the
closing price of the Kana common stock for selected time periods ending on
April 6, 2001 and (ii) the implied premium being paid in the merger based on
the exchange ratio in the merger of 1.05 shares of Kana common stock for each
share of Broadbase common stock as compared to such historical average price
ratios. Goldman Sachs also calculated (i) the average closing price of the
Broadbase common stock for selected time periods ending on April 6, 2001 and
(ii) the implied premium being paid in the merger based on the value of the
Kana common stock to be exchanged for each share of Broadbase common stock
(based on the exchange ratio in the merger and the closing price of the Kana
common stock on April 6, 2001) as compared to such historical average prices of
the Broadbase common stock. The results of such analysis are set forth below:

                                            Average Closing Implied Premium Over
       Period       Average Implied Premium      Price        Average Closing
     (ending on      Price   Over Average    of Broadbase    Price of Broadbase
   April 6, 2001)    Ratio  Price Ratio(1)   Common Stock     Common Stock(2)
   --------------   ------- --------------- --------------- --------------------

    April 6, 2001   0.821x       27.8 %          $0.72              27.8 %
   5 Trading Days   1.111x       (5.5)%          $1.11             (16.9)%
   10 Trading Days  1.131x       (7.2)%          $1.62             (43.2)%
   20 Trading Days  1.092x       (3.8)%          $1.92             (52.1)%
   30 Trading Days  1.079x       (2.6)%          $2.36             (61.1)%
   60 Trading Days  0.982x        7.0 %          $3.90             (76.5)%
   90 Trading Days  0.852x       23.2 %          $4.95             (81.5)%

- --------
(1) Based on the exchange ratio in the merger of 1.05.

(2) Based on the closing price of the Kana common stock on April 6, 2001 of
    $0.88 and the exchange ratio in the merger of 1.05.

   (2) Cash Position Analysis. Goldman Sachs analyzed the amount of cash
currently held by each of Kana and Broadbase and the pro forma cash to be held
by the combined company, and calculated the amount of cash per fully-diluted
share outstanding for each of Kana, Broadbase and the combined company. The
results of such analysis are set forth below.

                                                                      Combined
                                                Kana     Broadbase    Company
                                                -----    ---------    --------

     Cash (1) (2).............................. $  20        $ 130      $  150
     Fully-Diluted Shares Outstanding (2)......  94.7(3)      83.7(4)    183.3
     Cash Per Fully-Diluted Share.............. $0.21        $1.55      $ 0.82
     Cash Accretion Per Kana Share.............................            288%

- --------
(1) As of March 31, 2001. Based on data provided by management of Kana and
    Broadbase.

(2) In millions.

(3) As of March 31, 2001. Based on data provided by management of Kana.

(4) As of March 1, 2001. Based on data provided by management of Broadbase.

   In addition, for purposes of comparison with the pro forma cash per fully-
diluted share of the combined company, Goldman Sachs analyzed the cash per
fully-diluted Kana share that would result from a primary offering of Kana
common stock. Goldman Sachs performed such analysis using various assumptions
with respect to the discount to Kana's April 6, 2001 closing share price at
which shares could be issued in such an offering. For each scenario, Goldman
Sachs calculated (i) the amount of cash that could be raised in an offering in
which Kana's current stockholders retained a 51.7% ownership percentage in Kana
subsequent to the offering (51.7% is the estimated fully-diluted ownership
percentage of the Kana stockholders in the combined company after the merger)
and (ii) the post-offering cash per fully-diluted Kana share. The results of
such analysis are set forth below.

       Discount to Kana's         Additional Cash Raised              Post-Offering
         April 6, 2001              While Maintaining                Cash Per Fully-
          Share Price              51.7% Ownership (1)                Diluted Share
       ------------------         ----------------------             ---------------

               0.0 %                      $77.5                           $0.53
             (10.0)%                      $69.8                           $0.49
             (20.0)%                      $62.0                           $0.45
             (30.0)%                      $54.3                           $0.41
             (40.0)%                      $46.5                           $0.36

       Cash Per Fully-Diluted Share Of Combined
        Company in Proposed Transaction...............                    $0.82

- --------
(1) In millions.

   As summarized above, the pro forma cash per fully-diluted share of the
combined company in the merger significantly exceeds Kana's cash per fully-
diluted share on a stand-alone basis and under each of the primary offering
scenarios summarized above.

   (3) Selected Companies Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain
financial information, ratios and percentages for Kana and Broadbase with
corresponding financial information, ratios and percentages for the following
publicly traded companies in the software industry: (i) Art Technology Group,
Inc.; (ii) Aspect Communications Corporation; (iii) Blue Martini Software,
Inc.; (iv) BroadVision, Inc.; (v) E.piphany, Inc.; (vi) Intershop
Communications Aktiengesellschaft; (vii) Interwoven, Inc.; (viii) Onyx Software
Corporation; (ix) Pivotal Corporation; (x) Siebel Systems, Inc.; and (xi)
Vignette Corporation. Goldman Sachs selected the aforementioned companies for
comparison because they are publicly traded companies in the software industry
with operations that for purposes of analysis may be considered similar, in
varying degrees, to the operations of Kana and Broadbase, respectively.

   The ratios and percentages were calculated using the closing price per share
for Kana, Broadbase and each of the selected companies on April 6, 2001, the
most recent publicly available information, and in certain cases, estimates
provided by Institutional Brokers Estimate System ("IBES") and Wall Street
research.

   Goldman Sachs' analysis of the selected companies compared the following to
the results for Kana and Broadbase:

  . April 6, 2001 closing share price as a percentage of the 52-week high
    share price;

  . equity market value as a multiple of estimated calendar year 2001 and
    2002 revenue;

  . April 6, 2001 closing share price as a multiple of estimated calendar
    year 2001 and 2002 earnings per share;

  . estimated five-year compound annual growth rate of earnings per share;
    and

  . the ratio of the April 6, 2001 closing share price to the estimated
    calendar year 2001 and 2002 earnings per share, as a multiple of the
    estimated five-year compound annual growth rate of earnings per share.

   The results of such analysis are summarized below.

                                      Selected Companies
                                     -----------------------
                                     Low   High  Median Mean  Kana    Broadbase
                                     ----  ----  ------ ----  ----    ---------

April 6, 2001 Closing Share Price
 as a Percentage of 52-Week High...   2.7% 24.5%   8.0%  8.8%  1.2%      1.8%
Equity Market Value as a Multiple
 of Revenue (1)(2)(3):
    2001...........................   0.3x  5.5x   1.9x  1.8x  0.6x      0.8x
    2002(5)........................   0.3x  3.9x   0.9x  1.2x   NA(8)     NA
April 6, 2001 Closing Share Price
 as a Multiple of Earnings Per
 Share(4)(3):
    2001(6)........................  37.1x 53.6x  45.8x 45.6x   NM(9)     NM
    2002(7)........................  20.4x 56.9x  29.7x 31.4x   NM        NM
5-Yr. Compound Annual Growth Rate
 of Earnings Per Share (3)(4)(10)..  20.0% 53.5%  50.0% 46.5% 57.5%     50.0%
Price-Earnings Ratio as a Multiple
 of 5-Yr. Compound Annual Growth
 Rate of Earnings Per Share(3)(4):
    2001 (11)......................   0.8x  1.1x   1.0x  1.0x   NM        NM
    2002 (12)......................   0.4x  1.1x   0.6x  0.6x   NM        NM

- --------
 (1) Equity market capitalization based on fully diluted shares outstanding
     based on the treasury method.

 (2) Revenue estimates for selected companies based on Wall Street research.
     Revenue estimates for Kana and Broadbase based on data provided by
     management of Kana and Broadbase.

 (3) Estimates have been calendarized for companies with non-December fiscal
     year-ends.

 (4) Earnings per share based on IBES estimates.

 (5) For four of the selected companies, revenue data for 2002 was not
     available.

 (6) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 below) for seven of the
     selected companies.

 (7) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 below) for two of the
     selected companies.

 (8) "NA" indicates that the requisite data was not available.

 (9) "NM" indicates that data was not meaningful because the company at issue
     had a net loss for the period presented.

(10) Data was not available for one of the selected companies.

(11) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 above) for seven of the
     selected companies.

(12) Data was not meaningful (as described in note 9 above) for two of the
     selected companies; data was not available for one of the selected
     companies.

   (4) Selected Transactions Analysis. For selected recent business combination
transactions involving high-technology companies, Goldman Sachs analyzed (i)
the implied ownership percentage of the combined company of the stockholders of
the acquiror and the target, respectively, (ii) the representation of the
acquiror and the target on the board of directors of the combined company and
(iii) the premium paid based on the closing stock prices of the acquiror and
the target one day prior to announcement of the transaction and the exchange
ratio in such transaction. The selected transactions were nine business
combination transactions involving high-technology companies announced since
January 1999. The results of such analysis are summarized below.

                                                                    Proposed
                                             High Low     Median Transaction (1)
                                             ---- ---     ------ ---------------

Acquiror Implied Ownership Percentage.......  83% 50%        61%     52.3%(2)
                                                                     51.7%(3)
Acquiror Board Representation (4) ..........  89% 31%(5)     67%       40%(6)
One-Day Premium (7).........................  68%  2%      28.5%     27.8%(8)

- --------
(1) Kana is considered the acquiror in the proposed transaction for purposes of
    this analysis.

(2) Basic.

(3) Fully-diluted.

(4) Board representation information was not available for one of the selected
    transactions.

(5) In one of the selected transactions, four board members were designated by
    each of acquiror and target (31% each); three additional board members were
    selected by acquiror and target jointly; and two additional board members
    were selected by a stockholder of target.

(6) Two board members will be designated by each of Kana and Broadbase, and one
    board member will be designated jointly.

(7) One-day premium is not applicable for one of the selected transactions
    because the target was a private company prior to the transaction.

(8) Based on closing prices of the Kana common stock and the Broadbase common
    stock on April 6, 2001.

   In addition, for each of the selected transactions, Goldman Sachs analyzed
the selection of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and name of
the combined company. Such analysis indicated that (i) the chairman was
designated by the acquiror in seven of the selected transactions and by the
target in one of the selected transactions (in one of the selected
transactions, the chairman was designated jointly), (ii) the chief executive
officer was designated by the acquiror in six of the selected transactions and
by the target in two of the selected transactions (in one of the selected
transactions, the chief executive officer was an outsider) and (iii) the
combined company retained the name of the acquiror in six of the selected
transactions (the combined company adopted the name of the target, a new name,
and a combination of the names of the acquiror and target, respectively, in the
other selected transactions).

   (5) Contribution Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed certain historical and
estimated future operating and financial information for Kana, Broadbase and
the pro forma combined company, and calculated the respective contributions
each of Kana and Broadbase would have made to the combined company based on
such operating and financial information for purposes of comparison with the
relative equity interests of the stockholders of Kana and Broadbase in the
combined company after the merger. Goldman Sachs performed such analysis with
respect to revenues and gross profit for 2000 and 2001 and current cash
balance. The analysis did not take into account any synergies that may result
from the merger. The results of such analysis are set forth below.

                                                         Kana      Broadbase
                                                     Contribution Contribution
                                                     to Combined  to Combined
                                                       Company      Company
                                                     ------------ ------------

Revenues(1)
  2000 (actual)(2)..................................    73.3%        26.7%
  1st Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    66.0%        34.0%
  2nd Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    63.7%        36.3%
  3rd Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    61.5%        38.5%
  4th Quarter 2001 (estimated)......................    63.6%        36.4%
  2001 (estimated)..................................    63.5%        36.5%
Gross Profit(1)
  2000 (actual)(2)..................................    71.2%        28.8%
  2001 (estimated)..................................    62.8%        37.2%
Cash Balance (Current)(1)...........................    13.3%        86.7%

Pro Forma Ownership of Combined Company in Proposed
Transaction                                              Kana      Broadbase
- ---------------------------------------------------  ------------ ------------

  Basic ............................................    52.3%        47.7%
  Fully-Diluted.....................................    51.7%        48.3%

- --------
(1) Based on data and estimates provided by management of Kana and Broadbase.

(2) 2000 revenues and gross profit for Kana are pro forma for the Silknet
    acquisition. 2000 revenues and gross profit for Broadbase exclude
    Servicesoft.

   (6) Historical Stock Price Performance Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed the
indexed historical trading prices for the Kana common stock and the Broadbase
common stock for the period from September 21, 1999 (the date of the initial
public offering of shares of common stock of each of Kana and Broadbase) to
April 6, 2001. In addition, Goldman Sachs compared the price changes in the
Kana common stock and the Broadbase common stock during such period to the
changes in (i) an index of 51 software companies (the Goldman Sachs Software
Index) and (ii) the Nasdaq 500 index.

   The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering
the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes
underlying Goldman Sachs' opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination,
Goldman Sachs considered the results of all such analyses. No company or
transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable
to Kana or Broadbase or the contemplated transaction.

   The analyses were prepared solely for purposes of Goldman Sachs' providing
its opinion to the Kana board of directors as to the fairness from a financial
point of view to Kana of the exchange ratio in the merger. These analyses do
not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which
businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based upon forecasts of
future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses.
Because such analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon
numerous factors or events beyond the control

of the parties or their respective advisors, none of Kana, Broadbase, Goldman
Sachs or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are
materially different from those forecast.

   As described above, Goldman Sachs' opinion to the board of directors of Kana
was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Kana board of directors
in making its determination to approve the merger agreement. The foregoing
summary does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses performed
by Goldman Sachs.

   Goldman Sachs, as part of its investment banking business, is continually
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. Goldman Sachs is
familiar with Kana, having provided certain investment banking and financial
advisory services to Kana from time to time, including having acted as lead
managing underwriter of Kana's initial public offering of 3,300,000 shares of
Kana common stock in September 1999, as financial advisor to Kana in connection
with its acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. in April 2000, as agent for Kana
on its private placement of 2,500,000 shares of Kana common stock in June 2000
and as Kana's financial advisor in connection with, and having participated in
certain of the negotiations leading to, the merger agreement. Goldman Sachs has
also provided certain investment banking services to Broadbase from time to
time, including having acted as lead managing underwriter of its public
offering of 3,450,000 shares of Broadbase common stock in February 2000. Kana
selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is a nationally
recognized investment banking firm that has substantial experience in
transactions similar to the merger.

   Goldman Sachs provides a full range of financial advisory and securities
services and, in the course of its normal trading activities, may from time to
time effect transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities,
of Kana or Broadbase for its own account and for the accounts of customers.

   Pursuant to a letter agreement dated March 7, 2001, Kana engaged Goldman
Sachs to act as its financial advisor in connection with a possible merger or
consolidation between Kana and a third party or a possible sale of all or a
portion of Kana to a third party. Pursuant to the terms of the letter
agreement, Kana has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a customary fee upon
consummation of the merger. Kana also has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for
its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including attorneys' fees, and to
indemnify Goldman Sachs against certain liabilities, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws.

Broadbase's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Broadbase's Board of
Directors

   Broadbase's Reasons for the Merger. At the meeting of Broadbase's board of
directors on April 8, 2001, the board voted unanimously to enter into the
merger agreement. The board of directors of Broadbase unanimously concluded
that the merger agreement and merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best
interests of, Broadbase and its stockholders, and recommended that the
stockholders of Broadbase vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
approve the merger. This decision was based upon several potential benefits of
the merger that, when taken as a whole, Broadbase's board believes will
contribute to the success of the combined company compared to Broadbase
continuing to operate as an independent business. These potential benefits
include:

  .  the complementary nature of the technologies, products and services of
     Broadbase and Kana and the opportunity to provide an integrated product
     that addresses a much wider range of customer requirements for contact
     center, communications, knowledge management, marketing and analytics
     applications than either company could provide alone, increasing the
     value that can be provided to customers;

  .  the large customer base of the combined company and the potential for
     significant cross-selling and up-selling opportunities;

  .  the potential for the merger to enhance the ability of each company to
     achieve profitability sooner than if it had remained independent, as a
     result of a stronger product offering, sales and distribution synergies

   and cross-selling opportunities, the opportunity to leverage the recurring
   maintenance revenues of the combined company and the opportunity to reduce
   overhead and other costs;

  .  the opportunity to enhance relationships with systems integrators,
     technology partners and other strategic partners and to attract new
     partners;

  .  the opportunity to increase the competitive position of the combined
     company by offering a broad, integrated product suite to a large
     customer base and by combining the technology, sales and management
     resources of Kana and Broadbase;

   In its evaluation of the merger, the board of Broadbase reviewed several
factors, including:

  .  historical information and the views of Broadbase's management and
     financial advisers concerning the strengths and weaknesses of Broadbase
     and Kana and the key attributes and opportunities of the combined
     company in terms of, among other things, products, sales, customers,
     management, and financial and competitive position;

  .  Broadbase's management's view of the financial condition, results of
     operations and businesses of Broadbase and Kana before and after giving
     effect to the merger, including the anticipated impact of the merger and
     the companies' anticipated headcount reductions;

  .  the percentage ownership of the combined company of Broadbase's
     stockholders;

  .  the substantial charges and costs to be incurred in connection with the
     merger, including costs of integrating the businesses and transaction
     expenses arising from the merger;

  .  the prospects of Broadbase, independent of Kana, including risks and
     potential rewards associated with remaining independent in the face of
     industry-wide consolidation;

  .  the nature of the e-Business software industry in which Broadbase
     operates and the belief of Broadbase's board of directors that greater
     size and resources are increasingly required for companies to
     successfully compete in this industry;

  .  possible alternative means of achieving the anticipated benefits of the
     merger, including the possibility of a combination with other companies
     and possible strategic alliances that would not involve a combination,
     and internal development of new products and services, as well as the
     feasibility of these alternatives, their potential timing and resource
     requirements;

  . current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
    volatility and trading information with respect to Broadbase's common
    stock;

  . the opinion of Morgan Stanley dated April 8, 2001 that, subject to and
    based on the considerations described in its opinion, the exchange ratio
    set forth in the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
    to holders of Broadbase common stock, and the related financial analysis;
    and

  . reports from Broadbase's management and advisors as to the results of
    their due diligence investigations of Kana.

   Broadbase's board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including the following:

  . the risk that the potential benefits of the merger, including expected
    synergies and cost savings, may not be realized;

  . the need to achieve significant cost reductions in order for the combined
    company to realize the potential benefits of the merger and to become
    profitable;

  . the reduction of Broadbase's cash balances as a result of loans to Kana
    under the revolving loan agreement;

  .  the uncertain current and prospective market environment for Broadbase's
     and Kana's products and services;

  . the risk that Broadbase and Kana would not be able to integrate their
    respective products, technology and organizations;

  . the risk that if the merger is not completed, Broadbase would have made
    loans to Kana, and would have incurred other significant costs and taken
    other actions in contemplation of the merger, and that these actions
    could weaken it as an independent company if the merger were not
    completed;

  . risks related to Kana's existing relationships with its distribution
    partners and difficulties experienced by Kana in collecting payments from
    certain customers;

  . the risk that the merger could adversely affect Broadbase's or Kana's
    relationships with current and potential customers, distribution partners
    and other strategic partners;

  . the potential effect of the distribution and license agreement, the non-
    solicitation covenants, the termination fee and the stock option
    agreement negotiated by Kana in deterring other potential acquirors from
    proposing an alternative transaction that might be more advantageous to
    Broadbase stockholders; and

  . the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus under the heading "Risk Factors."

   In addition, Broadbase's board of directors considered the interests that
its officers and directors may have with respect to the merger in addition to
their interests as Broadbase stockholders. See "Interests of Broadbase's
Management and Kana's Management in the Merger and Potential Conflicts of
Interest" on page 79 for a more complete discussion of these interests.

   Broadbase's board of directors concluded that, on balance, the potential
benefits to Broadbase and its stockholders of the merger outweighed the risks
associated with the merger. The discussion of the information and factors
considered by Broadbase's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation
of the merger, Broadbase's board of directors did not find it practicable to,
and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific
factors considered in reaching its determination.

   Recommendation of Broadbase's Board of Directors. After careful
consideration, Broadbase's board of directors has unanimously determined that
the terms of the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of,
Broadbase and its stockholders and recommends to its stockholders that they
vote in favor of the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
approve the merger.

Opinion of Broadbase's Financial Advisor

   Under an engagement letter dated April 5, 2001, Broadbase retained Morgan
Stanley to provide it with financial advisory services and a financial fairness
opinion in connection with the merger. Broadbase's board of directors selected
Morgan Stanley to act as its financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's
qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the business and
affairs of Broadbase. At the meeting of the Broadbase board of directors on
April 8, 2001, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed
in writing, that as of April 8, 2001, based upon and subject to the various
considerations set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to holders of shares
of Broadbase common stock.

   The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated as of April 8,
2001, is attached as Appendix IX to this document. The opinion sets forth,
among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan
Stanley in rendering its opinion. Broadbase urges you to read the entire
opinion carefully.

Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to Broadbase's board of directors and
addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view of the exchange
ratio pursuant to the merger agreement to holders of shares of Broadbase common
stock as of the date of the opinion. It does not address any other aspects of
the merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Broadbase
common stock as to how to vote at the Broadbase special meeting to be held in
connection with the merger. The summary of the opinion of Morgan Stanley set
forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the opinion.

   In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

  . reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
    information of Broadbase and Kana;

  . reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
    operating data concerning Broadbase and Kana, prepared by the managements
    of Broadbase and Kana, respectively;

  . reviewed certain financial projections prepared by the managements of
    Broadbase and Kana;

  . reviewed certain projections of the financial benefits including cost
    savings and costs anticipated prior to and resulting from the merger
    prepared by the management of Broadbase and Kana;

  . reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on certain financial and
    operating metrics, including the impact on cash balances, for the
    combined company;

  . discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
    prospects of Broadbase and Kana, including financial projections prepared
    by the managements of Broadbase and Kana and information relating to
    certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from
    the merger, with senior executives of Broadbase and Kana, respectively;

  . reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Broadbase common
    stock and Kana common stock;

  . compared the financial performance of Broadbase and Kana and the prices
    and trading activity of Broadbase common stock and Kana common stock with
    that of certain other publicly-traded companies comparable to Broadbase
    and Kana, respectively, and their securities;

  . reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
    certain comparable merger transactions;

  .  reviewed and discussed with the senior managements of Broadbase and Kana
     their strategic rationales for the merger;

  . participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
    Broadbase, Kana and their financial and legal advisors;

  . reviewed the draft merger agreement and certain related documents; and

  . performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as Morgan
    Stanley deemed appropriate.

   Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the information reviewed by it for the
purposes of its opinion. With respect to the financial projections, including
certain projections and information relating to the strategic, financial and
operational costs and benefits anticipated prior to and resulting from the
merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgements of the future
financial performance of Broadbase and Kana, respectively. In addition, Morgan
Stanley assumed that the merger will be consummated in accordance with the
terms set forth in the merger agreement and will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization pursuant to Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

   Morgan Stanley relied upon the assessment by the management of Broadbase and
Kana of their ability to retain key employees of Broadbase and Kana,
respectively. Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment by the management of Broadbase and Kana of: (i)
the strategic,

financial and other costs and benefits expected to result from the merger; (ii)
the timing and risks associated with the integration of Broadbase and Kana; and
(iii) the validity of, and risks associated with, Broadbase's and Kana's
existing and future technologies, services or business models. Morgan Stanley
did not make any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities or technology of Broadbase and Kana, nor was Morgan Stanley
furnished with any such appraisals. Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily
based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and
the information made available to Morgan Stanley as of, April 8, 2001.

   In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley was not authorized to solicit,
and did not solicit, interest from any party with respect to an acquisition,
business combination or other extraordinary transaction involving Broadbase.
Morgan Stanley was not asked to consider, and its opinion does not address, the
relative merits of the merger as compared to any alternative strategies or
transactions that might exist for Broadbase or the effect of such strategies or
transactions.

   The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its
written opinion letter dated April 8, 2001. Some of these summaries of
financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. In order to
fully understand the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must
be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

   On April 8, 2001, Broadbase and Kana entered into a merger agreement whereby
each holder of Broadbase common stock would receive 1.05 shares of Kana common
stock. As a result, Broadbase's shareholders would own approximately 48% of the
combined company on a pro forma basis.

   Exchange Ratio Premium Analysis. Morgan Stanley reviewed the ratios of the
closing prices of Broadbase common stock divided by the corresponding closing
prices of Kana common stock over various periods ending April 6, 2001. The
resulting ratios are referred to as average exchange ratios. Morgan Stanley
examined the premiums represented by the exchange ratio of 1.05x set forth in
the merger agreement, referred to as the transaction exchange ratio, over the
averages of these average exchange ratios, and found them to be as follows:

                                                            Transaction Exchange
                                                                Ratio (1.05x)
                                                Average      Premium to Average
   Ending April 6, 2001                      Exchange Ratio    Exchange Ratio
   --------------------                      -------------- --------------------

   April 6, 2001............................     0.821x              28 %
   Last 30 days.............................     1.079x              (3)%
   Last 60 days.............................     0.982x               7 %
   Last 90 days.............................     0.852x              23 %
   Last twelve months.......................     0.649x              62 %

Morgan Stanley noted that the transaction exchange ratio was higher than the
exchange ratio as of April 6, 2001 and the average exchange ratio for the
periods ranging from 60 days through 12 months prior to the transaction.
Further, Morgan Stanley noted that the transaction exchange ratio was close to
the high-end of this trading range.

   Relative Contribution Analysis. Morgan Stanley compared Broadbase's and
Kana's stockholders' respective pro forma percentage ownership of the combined
company after the merger to Broadbase's and Kana's percentage contribution of
revenues and gross profit to the combined company based on 2000 actual results
and 2001 management estimates of Broadbase and Kana, respectively.

                                                                 % Contribution
                                                                       by
                                                                 --------------
   Financial Statistic                                           Broadbase Kana
   -------------------                                           --------- ----

   Revenue
   Calendar Year 2000 Actual....................................   34.8%   65.2%
   Calendar Year 2001 Estimated.................................   36.8    63.2

   Gross Profit
   Calendar Year 2000 Actual....................................   36.5    63.5
   Calendar Year 2001 Estimated.................................   39.9    60.1

   Morgan Stanley noted that based on the exchange ratio of 1.05x set forth in
the merger agreement, holders of shares of Broadbase common stock would own
approximately 48% of the combined company on a pro forma basis. Morgan Stanley
also noted that the 48% pro forma ownership position of holders of shares of
Broadbase common stock was higher than the percentage contribution to the
combined company by Broadbase of revenues and gross profits for the periods
under consideration. However, Morgan Stanley also noted that Kana's percentage
contribution to the net loss of the pro forma company was greater than that of
Broadbase.

   Analysis of Stock Price Premiums Paid in Comparable Transactions. Morgan
Stanley compared publicly available statistics for comparable mergers of equals
transactions of 14 public transactions between January 1997 to April 8, 2001,
where the target company's ownership of the newly formed entity exceeded 40%.
Morgan Stanley reviewed the premiums to the preceding 1-day, 30-day and 90-day
average exchange ratios prior to announcement for each of these transactions.

   Based on these analyses, Morgan Stanley applied the following comparable
transactions' exchange ratio premiums to the historical relative trading
performance of Broadbase common stock to Kana common stock:

                                                     Comparable       Implied
                                                   Transactions'     Value Per
   Trading Performance Statistic                 Premium/(Discount)    Share
   -----------------------------                 ------------------ -----------

   Broadbase
   Premium to Price on April 6, 2001............      (1)%- 8%      $0.71-$0.78
   Premium to 30-day Average Exchange Ratio.....      (1)%- 5%      $0.93-$0.99
   Premium to 90-day Average Exchange Ratio.....       0 %-10%      $0.75-$0.82

   Based on the exchange ratios paid in comparable transactions analysis,
Morgan Stanley estimated a range of $0.70-$1.00 per share of Broadbase and
noted that the implied transaction value per share (based on the exchange ratio
of 1.05x set forth in the merger agreement) of $0.92 per share was close to the
high end of implied value per share range for comparable transactions.

   No company or transaction utilized in the analysis of stock price premiums
paid in comparable transactions is identical to Broadbase or Kana or the
merger. In evaluating the precedent acquisition transactions, Morgan Stanley
made judgments and assumptions with regard to general business, market and
financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of
Broadbase and Kana, such as the impact of competition on the business of
Broadbase, Kana, or the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of
any adverse material change in financial condition of Broadbase, Kana or the
industry or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public
trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the transactions to
which they are being compared.

   Comparable Companies Analysis. Morgan Stanley compared certain financial
information of Broadbase and Kana with publicly available information for
companies that were comparable to Broadbase and Kana. The

companies analyzed by Morgan Stanley included E.piphany Inc., eGain
Communications Corp., and Primus Knowledge Solutions Inc., (the "eCRM
Companies"), Critical Path Inc., Navisite Inc., Lante Corp., Calico Commerce
Inc., and Concur Technologies Inc. (the "Distressed Companies"), Vignette
Corp., Broadvision Inc., Art Technology Group Inc., and Blue Martini Software
(the "E-Commerce CRM Companies") and Oracle Corp., SAP AG, Siebel Systems Inc.,
BEA Systems Inc., and i2 Technologies Inc., (the "Large Cap CRM Companies"),
together referred to as the comparable companies.

   For purposes of this analysis, Morgan Stanley analyzed the following
statistics:

  . the ratio of aggregate value, defined as market capitalization plus total
    debt less cash and cash equivalents to estimated calendar year 2002
    revenues (based on management estimates)

  . the ratio of market capitalization to cash and cash equivalents (based on
    the latest public information)

   The following table presents, as of April 6, 2001, the statistics of the
comparable companies Morgan Stanley analyzed.

                                               Aggregate Value to     Market
                                               Calendar Year 2002 Capitalization
   Company                                     Estimated Revenues    to Cash
   -------                                     ------------------ --------------

   Broadbase..................................        N.M.              0.5
   Kana.......................................         0.4              4.0

   ECRM
   E.piphany..................................         0.6              1.4
   EGain Communications.......................        N.M.              0.9
   Primus Knowledge Solutions.................         0.1              1.2

   Distressed Companies
   Critical Path..............................         0.3              0.4
   Navisite...................................         0.4              0.9
   Lante......................................        N.M.              0.6
   Calico Commerce............................        N.M.              0.3
   Concur Technologies........................        N.M.              0.2

   E-Commerce CRM
   Vignette...................................         0.9              2.2
   BroadVision................................         1.9              3.6
   Art Technology.............................         1.0              2.6
   Blue Martini Software......................         0.2              1.3

   Large Cap CRM
   Oracle.....................................         5.3             14.9
   SAP........................................         4.6             30.6
   Siebel Systems.............................         4.2             12.9
   BEA Systems................................        11.9             12.8
   I2 Technologies............................         3.6              8.7

   In conducting its analysis, Morgan Stanley applied the selected financial
multiples of the comparable companies to the management estimates of various
financial statistics of Broadbase and Kana. Morgan Stanley then estimated the
implied value per share of Broadbase and Kana as of April 6, 2001. Morgan
Stanley estimated the following:

                                                                       Implied
                                                       Calendar Year  Value Per
   Financial Statistic                                   Multiple       Share
   -------------------                                 ------------- -----------

   Broadbase
   Cash...............................................   0.3x-1.4x   $0.48-$2.16
   Calendar Year 2002E Revenue........................   0.5x-1.0x   $2.14-$2.74

   Kana
   Cash...............................................   0.3x-1.4x   $0.07-$0.30
   Calendar Year 2002E Revenue........................   0.5x-1.0x   $1.15-$2.10

   Based on the comparable companies analysis, Morgan Stanley estimated a range
of prices per share of $0.50-$2.00 for Broadbase and a range of prices per
share of $0.50-$2.00 for Kana. Morgan Stanley noted that the value of each Kana
share was on the low end of the range for the comparable companies that were
comparable to Kana.

   No company utilized in the comparable companies analysis is identical to
Broadbase or Kana. In evaluating the comparable companies, Morgan Stanley made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Broadbase and Kana, such as the impact of
competition on the businesses of Broadbase and Kana and the industry generally,
industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in the financial
condition and prospects of Broadbase and Kana or the industry or in the
financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis (such as determining the
average or median) is not in itself a meaningful method of using peer group
data.

   Discounted Equity Value Analysis. Morgan Stanley performed discounted future
equity value analyses to estimate the present value per share of Broadbase and
Kana. The projections of financial performance were based on management
estimates.

                                               Calendar              Implied
                                                 Year     Discount  Value Per
   Financial Statistic                         Multiple     Rate      Share
   -------------------                        ----------- -------- ------------

   Broadbase
   Calendar Year 2003E Revenue............... 20.0x-40.0x   25.0%  $0.70-$ 6.96
   Kana
   Calendar Year 2003E Revenue............... 20.0x-40.0x   25.0%  $1.06-$10.61

   Morgan Stanley also performed a pro forma discounted future equity value
analysis to estimate the present value per share of Kana stock for each
Broadbase share after the merger, based on management estimates.

                                                          Pro Forma
                                                           Implied
                                     Calendar             Value Per  Premium to
                                       Year     Discount  Broadbase  Broadbase
   Financial Statistic               Multiple     Rate      Share    Standalone
   -------------------              ----------- -------- ----------- ----------

   Pro Forma
   Calendar Year 2003E Revenue..... 20.0x-40.0x   25.0%  $1.49-$8.93  28%-114%

   Morgan Stanley noted that the pro forma implied value per Broadbase share
was higher than the implied value per share of Broadbase, with the premium
ranging from 28% to 114%. Further, Morgan Stanley also noted that the low end
of the pro forma implied value per Broadbase share was higher than Broadbase's
market price on April 6, 2001 ($0.72 per share).

   In connection with the review of the merger by Broadbase's board of
directors, Morgan Stanley performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial
analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley
considered the results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute
any particular weight to any analysis or factor it considered. Morgan Stanley
believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all
analyses as a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying
its analyses and opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various
analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and
may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other
assumptions. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's
view of the actual value of Broadbase or Kana. In performing its analyses,
Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and economic conditions and other matters. Many of these
assumptions are beyond the control of Broadbase or Kana. Any estimates
contained in Morgan Stanley's analyses are not necessarily indicative of future
results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than those suggested by such estimates.

   Morgan Stanley conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its
analysis of the fairness of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement
from a financial point of view to holders of shares of Broadbase common stock
and in connection with the delivery of its opinion to Broadbase's board of
directors. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the
prices at which shares of common stock of Broadbase or Kana might actually
trade.

   The exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was determined through
arm's length negotiations between Broadbase and Kana and was approved by
Broadbase's board of directors. Morgan Stanley provided advice to Broadbase
during these negotiations. Morgan Stanley did not however, recommend any
specific exchange ratio to Broadbase or that any specific exchange ratio
constituted the only appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

   In addition, Morgan Stanley's opinion and its presentation to Broadbase's
board of directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by
Broadbase's board of directors in deciding to approve the merger. Consequently,
the analyses as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the
opinion of Broadbase's board of directors with respect to the exchange ratio or
of whether Broadbase's board of directors would have been willing to agree to a
different exchange ratio.

   Broadbase's board of directors retained Morgan Stanley based upon Morgan
Stanley's qualifications, experience and expertise. Morgan Stanley is an
internationally recognized investment banking and advisory firm. Morgan
Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial advisory business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate, estate and other purposes. In the
past, Morgan Stanley has provided financial advisory services for Broadbase and
has received fees for rendering these services. In the ordinary course of
business, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may from time to time trade in the
securities or indebtedness of Broadbase or Kana for its own account, the
accounts of investment funds and other clients under the management of Morgan
Stanley and for the account of customers and, accordingly, may hold long or
short positions in these securities or indebtedness.

   Under the engagement letter, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory
services in connection with the merger, and Broadbase agreed to pay Morgan
Stanley a fee for providing financial advisory services in connection with the
merger. Broadbase has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its expenses
incurred in performing its services. In addition, Broadbase has agreed to
indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors,
officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan
Stanley or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or
arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement.

Interests of Broadbase's Management and Kana's Management in the Merger and
Potential Conflicts of Interest

   It is anticipated that the directors and officers of Broadbase and their
affiliates will beneficially own approximately 5.7% of the outstanding shares
of Kana common stock after the merger. Under the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, the following are deemed to be beneficially owned and
outstanding for purposes of calculating the number of shares and the percentage
beneficially owned by a person or entity:

  . shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options which may be
    exercised within 60 days after April 9, 2001, or currently exercisable
    options; and

  . shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants which may
    be exercised within 60 days after April 9, 2001, or currently exercisable
    warrants.

   However, these shares are not deemed to be beneficially owned or outstanding
for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned by any other person
or entity.

   Robert Davoli and Kevin Harvey, each non-employee members of Broadbase's
board of directors, hold options to purchase 20,000 and 40,000 shares of
Broadbase common stock, respectively. These options are fully vested and
immediately exercisable. In addition, Mr. Davoli owns 36,010 shares of
Broadbase common stock issued pursuant to a restricted stock purchase agreement
under which Broadbase may repurchase any shares that have not vested. According
to the terms of Mr. Davoli's restricted stock purchase agreement, Broadbase's
right of repurchase will lapse as to all of Mr. Davoli's shares upon the
closing of the merger.

   One employee member of Broadbase's board of directors, Massood Zarrabian, is
entitled to certain benefits if he is terminated without cause or
constructively terminated prior to December 19, 2002. Currently, he holds an
option to purchase 619,372 shares of Broadbase common stock that will become
fully exercisable as to all of the remaining, unvested portion upon the
occurrence of either such event. Mr. Zarrabian also holds options to purchase
an additional 259,272 shares of Broadbase common stock that will become fully
exercisable as to 50% of the remaining, unvested portion upon the occurrence of
either such event. Finally, upon the occurrence of either such event, Mr.
Zarrabian is also entitled to one year of salary, plus bonuses, payable in a
lump sum. The merger of Kana and Broadbase is not expected to constitute a
constructive termination with respect to Mr. Zarrabian.

   In addition, certain executive officers of Broadbase, including Chuck Bay,
Thomas Doyle, Brian Kelly, David Milam, and Eric Willgohs, have employment
agreements under which they will be entitled to 50% accelerated vesting as to
their outstanding, unvested options, including the Broadbase options assumed by
Kana in the merger, in the event that, following the merger, they are not
offered employment by the combined company in a comparable position and at a
comparable salary.

   On April 26, 2001, James Wood, Kana's chief executive officer, who is
expected to be chairman of the combined company's board of directors following
the merger, and Nigel Donovan, Kana's chief operating officer, who is expected
to become a vice president of the combined company following the merger,
received options to purchase Kana common stock. Mr. Wood received an option to
purchase 400,000 shares of Kana common stock that will vest in equal monthly
increments from the grant date over the next 48 months of his continued service
to Kana, and Mr. Donovan received an option to purchase 500,000 shares of Kana
common stock that will vest in equal monthly increments from the grant date
over the next 24 months of his continued service to Kana. Both options have an
exercise price of $1.24 per share.

   For certain employees of Broadbase the acceleration of the vesting of
options upon the closing of the merger or the subsequent termination of
employment may, together with any severance payment, result in "excess
parachute payments" as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.
Excess parachute payments are not deductible in accordance with Section 280G.
As a result, Kana will not be entitled to a tax deduction for the amount
determined to be excess parachute payments.

   Kana and Broadbase have agreed that upon completion of the merger, Chuck Bay
and Massood Zarrabian, each of whom are currently Broadbase directors, will be
appointed to the board of directors of the combined company. In addition,
Kana's board of directors has nominated Kevin Harvey for election to a three
year term on the board of directors of the combined company beginning in 2001.

   Kana and Broadbase have agreed that following the merger, Chuck Bay,
president and chief executive officer of Broadbase, will become the president
and chief executive officer of the combined company.

   Kana has agreed to indemnify present and former officers and directors of
Broadbase against costs or expenses, judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages
or liabilities arising out of or pertaining to matters relating to their
service as such an officer or director, including the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement, to the fullest extent that Broadbase would have been
permitted. The merger agreement provides that all rights to indemnification for
present and former officers and directors of Broadbase survive the merger for
at least six years. Kana has also agreed to maintain insurance for Broadbase's
directors and officers equivalent to Broadbase's current directors' and
officers' liability insurance for at least six years after the merger, subject
to limitations.

   David Beirne, one of Kana's directors, and Kevin Harvey, one of Broadbase's
directors, are both managing members of Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC,
which is the general partner of several Benchmark funds that collectively hold
a significant number of shares of common stock of both companies. Entities
affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co., LLC beneficially owned
6,927,511 shares of Kana common stock, or 8.3% of its common stock as of
February 28, 2001. Entities affiliated with Benchmark Capital Management Co.,
LLC beneficially owned 4,091,832 shares of Broadbase common stock, or
approximately 5.0% of its common stock as of March 1, 2001.

   As a result of the foregoing, the directors and officers of Broadbase may be
more likely to approve the merger than Broadbase stockholders generally.

The Merger

   Arrow Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kana, will merge with and into Broadbase following:

  . the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of the
    merger by the Broadbase stockholders;

  . the approval of the issuance of Kana common stock in the merger and
    approval of the Kana name change by the Kana stockholders;

  . the election or appointment of Chuck Bay, Kevin Harvey and Massood
    Zarrabian to the board of directors of the combined company; and

  . the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions to the merger. See the
    "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to Closing the Merger."

   Broadbase will be the surviving corporation and will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kana upon completion of the merger.

Closing of the Merger

   The merger will become effective when Kana and Broadbase file a certificate
of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Kana and
Broadbase are working toward completing the merger as soon as possible and hope
to complete the merger in June 2001. Because the merger is subject to a number
of conditions, however, we cannot predict the exact timing.

Conversion of Broadbase Shares in the Merger

   At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of Broadbase
common stock will automatically be converted into the right to receive 1.05
shares of Kana common stock. The number of shares of Kana common stock issuable
in the merger will be proportionately adjusted as appropriate for any stock
split, stock dividend or similar event with respect to Broadbase common stock
or Kana common stock effected between the date of the merger agreement and the
completion of the merger.

Broadbase Stock Options and Warrants

   Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each option to
purchase shares of Broadbase common stock under the Broadbase 1999 Equity Plan,
the Broadbase 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, the Broadbase 1996 Equity Incentive
Plan and the Broadbase 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan together with all
other options to purchase Broadbase common stock and warrants outstanding as of
the effective time will be assumed by Kana, regardless of whether the options
and warrants are then exercisable, and will be converted into options and
warrants, as the case may be, to purchase Kana common stock. Each assumed
Broadbase stock option and warrant will have the same terms and conditions as
the option or warrant immediately prior to the effective time, and will
constitute an option or warrant to acquire that number of shares of Kana common
stock equal to the number of shares of Broadbase common stock purchasable under
such option or warrant multiplied by 1.05 (rounded down to the nearest whole
number), at a price per share equal to the aggregate exercise price for the
shares of Broadbase common stock purchasable under such Broadbase stock option
or warrant immediately prior to the effective time divided by the number of
full shares of Kana common stock deemed purchasable under such Broadbase stock
option or warrant in accordance with this description (rounded up to the
nearest whole cent).

   The parties intend for the Broadbase stock options assumed by Kana to
qualify as incentive stock options to the extent the stock options qualified as
incentive stock options prior to the effective time of the merger.

The Exchange Agent

   As of the effective time of the merger, Kana is required to deposit with a
bank or trust company certificates representing the shares of Kana common stock
to be exchanged for shares of Broadbase common stock and cash to pay for
fractional shares and any dividends or distributions that holders of Broadbase
common stock may be entitled to receive under the merger agreement.

Exchange of Broadbase Stock Certificates for Kana Stock Certificates

   Promptly after the effective time, the exchange agent will mail to Broadbase
stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for surrendering their
Broadbase stock certificates in exchange for Kana stock certificates. Broadbase
stockholders should not submit their stock certificates for exchange until they
have received the letter of transmittal and instructions.

Transfer of Ownership; Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares

   Kana will issue a Kana stock certificate in the name registered for the
surrendered Broadbase stock certificate. Kana will issue a stock certificate in
a name other than this only if the exchange agent is provided with documents
that:

  . show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership; and

  . show that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

   Broadbase stockholders are not entitled to receive any dividends or other
distributions on Kana common stock with a record date after the merger is
completed until they have surrendered their Broadbase stock certificates in
exchange for Kana stock certificates.

Material Federal Income Tax Considerations

   Federal Income Tax Consequences to Broadbase Stockholders. The following
discussion summarizes the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue
Code, the related Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, existing
administrative interpretations and court decisions, all of which are subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion assumes that
Broadbase stockholders hold their shares of Broadbase stock as capital assets
within the meaning of section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code. This
discussion does not address all aspects of United States federal income
taxation that may be important to you in light of your particular circumstances
or if you are subject to special rules. These special rules include rules
relating to:

  . stockholders who are not citizens or residents of the United States;

  . financial institutions;

  . tax-exempt organizations;

  . insurance companies;

  . dealers in securities;

  . stockholders who acquired their shares of Broadbase common stock through
    the exercise of options or similar derivative securities or otherwise as
    compensation; or

  . stockholders who hold their shares of Broadbase common stock as part of a
    straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction.

   The obligations of Kana and Broadbase to complete the merger are conditioned
on the delivery of an opinion to Kana from Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, and
to Broadbase from Fenwick & West LLP, to the effect that the merger will
qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code and that each of Kana and Broadbase will be a party to
the reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code.

   Kana and Broadbase believe, based on the advice of their respective counsel,
that the merger will have the United States federal income tax consequences
discussed below. The opinions of counsel referred to above will assume the
absence of changes in existing facts and will rely on assumptions,
representations and covenants including those contained in certificates
executed by officers of Kana and Broadbase. The opinions referred to above
neither bind the IRS nor preclude the IRS from adopting a position contrary to
that expressed in the opinions, and no assurance can be given that contrary
positions will not be successfully asserted by the IRS or adopted by a court if
the positions were litigated. Neither company intends to obtain a ruling from
the IRS with respect to the tax consequences of the merger.

   Assuming the merger does qualify as a reorganization, the merger will have
the following federal income tax consequences to the Broadbase stockholders,
subject to the limitations and qualifications referred to herein:

  . You will not recognize gain or loss on the exchange of your Broadbase
    shares for shares of Kana common stock in the merger, except as discussed
    below with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares of Kana
    common stock.

  . If you receive cash in lieu of a fractional share of Kana common stock,
    you will be treated as if you actually received such fractional share,
    and such share was subsequently redeemed by Kana. You will recognize gain
    or loss with respect to the cash you receive in lieu of a fractional
    share measured by the difference between the amount of cash you receive
    and your tax basis in the fractional share. Your gain or loss will be
    capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if you
    have held your Broadbase stock for more than one year as of the closing
    date of the merger.

  . You must transfer the tax basis in your Broadbase shares to the Kana
    common stock (including fractional shares) you receive in the merger.
    After any fractional shares are treated as redeemed, the

   aggregate tax basis in the Kana common stock you receive in the merger
   will equal the aggregate tax basis in the Broadbase shares you
   surrendered, reduced by any basis allocable to fractional shares in
   exchange for which you receive cash.

  . The holding period for the Kana common stock you receive in the merger
    will include the period during which you held the Broadbase shares you
    exchanged for Kana common stock.

   Even if the merger qualifies as a reorganization, you will recognize gain to
the extent that you receive any shares of Kana common stock in exchange for
services or property other than solely Broadbase shares. All or a portion of
such gain could be taxable as ordinary income. You will also recognize gain to
the extent you are treated as receiving consideration other than Kana common
stock in exchange for Broadbase shares.

   Federal Income Tax Consequences to Kana and Broadbase. Kana, including the
merger subsidiary, and Broadbase will not recognize gain or loss as a result of
the merger.

Accounting Treatment

   Kana intends to account for the merger as a purchase for accounting and
financial reporting purposes, which means that Broadbase will be treated as a
separate entity for periods prior to the closing, and thereafter as a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Kana. In addition, Kana may record on its balance sheet
goodwill or negative goodwill depending on the fair value of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in the merger. This amount is expected to be
amortized over a three-year period following the merger.

Stockholders' Dissenters' Rights

   Under Delaware law, neither Kana nor Broadbase stockholders are entitled to
dissenter's rights of appraisal in connection with the merger.

Listing of Kana Common Stock to be Issued in the Merger

   The approval for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
Kana common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the consummation
of the merger.

Restrictions on Sale of Shares by Affiliates of Kana and Broadbase

   The shares of Kana common stock to be issued in connection with the merger
will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Kana common stock issued to any
person who is deemed to be an affiliate of either Kana or Broadbase at the time
of the stockholder meetings. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with either Kana or Broadbase and may include some of the officers,
directors, or principal stockholders of Kana or Broadbase. Affiliates of
Broadbase and Kana may not sell their shares of Kana common stock acquired in
connection with the merger except pursuant to:

  . an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
    resale of those shares; or

  . an exemption under the Securities Act including, in the case of
    affiliates of Broadbase, Rule 145.

   Kana's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of Kana
common stock to be received by affiliates of Broadbase and Kana in the merger.

Management Following the Merger

   Kana and Broadbase have agreed that following the merger, Chuck Bay,
president and chief executive officer of Broadbase, will become the president
and chief executive officer of the combined company. James Wood, Kana's chief
executive officer, will serve as chairman of the board of directors of the
combined company.

Operations Following the Merger

   Following the merger, Broadbase will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Kana. Upon consummation of the merger, it is anticipated that the members of
Broadbase's board will be James Wood and Chuck Bay. The stockholders of
Broadbase will become stockholders of Kana, and their rights as stockholders
will be governed by Kana's certificate of incorporation, Kana's bylaws and the
laws of the State of Delaware. After the merger, Kana's board will consist of
two directors designated by Kana, initially expected to be Robert Frick and
James Wood, two directors designated by Broadbase, initially expected to be
Kevin Harvey and Chuck Bay, and one director to be mutually agreed to by Kana
and Broadbase, initially expected to be Massood Zarrabian.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   This section describes the merger agreement. While we believe that this
description covers the material terms of the merger agreement, this summary may
not contain all of the information that is important to you. The merger
agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix I,
and we urge you to carefully read this document in its entirety.

Representations and Warranties

   Broadbase and Kana each made substantially similar representations and
warranties in the merger agreement regarding aspects of its respective
businesses, financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the
merger. Each company made representations and warranties with respect to both
it and, in many cases, its subsidiaries, including the merger subsidiary in the
case of Kana, relating to the following:

  .  its corporate organization, good standing and qualification to do
     business;

  .  its ownership interests in other entities;

  .  its certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

  .  its capitalization;

  .  its obligations with respect to its capital stock, including any
     registration rights, rights of first refusal or preemptive rights;

  .  its authority to enter into the merger agreement and the lack of any
     conflicts with its contracts, instruments, obligations, permits,
     licenses, corporate authority documents and any laws, orders, rules or
     regulations applicable to it as a result thereof;

  .  the consents, waivers and regulatory or other approvals that may be
     required to enter into the merger agreement and complete the merger;

  .  the effect of the merger on its outstanding obligations;

  .  its filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

  .  its financial statements and liabilities;

  .  changes in its business since its most recent financial statements;

  .  its taxes;

  .  its title to the properties it owns and leases;

  .  its intellectual property, intellectual property that it uses and
     infringement of other intellectual property;

  .  its compliance with applicable laws;

  .  litigation involving it;

  .  its employee benefit plans;

  .  its hazardous material activities and environmental liabilities;

  .  its agreements, contracts and commitments;

  .  information supplied by it in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
     the related registration statement filed by Kana;

  .  the fairness opinions received by it from its financial advisors;

  .  brokers' and finders' fees in connection with the merger;

  .  its insurance; and

  .  any non-competition agreement or other agreement restricting any of its
     lines of businesses.

   The representations and warranties in the merger agreement are complicated
and are not easily summarized. We urge you to read the sections of the merger
agreement entitled "Representations and Warranties of Company," and
"Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub" carefully.

Conduct of Each Company's Business Before the Closing of the Merger

   Broadbase and Kana have each agreed that until the earlier of the closing of
the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, or unless the other
consents in writing, each of them and their subsidiaries will carry on their
respective business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, pay its debts
and taxes when due and perform its other material obligations. Each has also
agreed to use all reasonable efforts to preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has
business dealings. Each has also agreed to notify the other of any material
event involving its business.

   Broadbase and Kana have also each agreed that until the earlier of the
closing of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, or unless
the other company consents in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) and as contemplated by the merger agreement, it and each
of its subsidiaries will conduct its business in compliance with specific
restrictions relating to the following:

  .  waiving any stock repurchase rights, accelerating, amending or changing
     the period of exercisability of options or restricted stock, or
     repricing of stock options granted under its stock plans;

  .  granting any severance or termination pay except under written
     agreements then in effect or subsequently entered into consistent with
     the restructuring plan approved by its board;

  .  transferring or licensing intellectual property, other than non-
     exclusive licenses in the ordinary course of its business;

  .  declaring or paying dividends or making other distributions with respect
     to its capital stock, or issuing or authorizing new securities;

  .  purchasing or redeeming shares of its capital stock except repurchases
     of unvested shares at cost in connection with employee terminations;

  .  issuing, pledging or otherwise encumbering securities other than grants
     of options to purchase no more shares of its common stock than are
     available under its authorized stock option pool (net of cancellations)
     with respect to newly hired employees or promotions of existing
     employees, or as a part of its annual option grant program, or as a
     retention grant, in each case in the ordinary course of business,
     consistent with past practice, or issuances of its common stock upon
     exercise of outstanding options on the date of the merger agreement, or
     issuances under its employee stock purchase plan or to participants in
     its 401(k) plan;

  .  amending its charter and bylaws;

  .  acquiring or agreeing to merge with or acquire the assets of, or making
     equity investments in, another entity or entering into material joint
     ventures or strategic relationships or alliances in a manner that would
     materially adversely affect it;

  .  selling, leasing, licensing, encumbering or disposing of property or
     assets that are material to its business, other than to non-exclusive
     licenses in the ordinary course of its business;

  .  incurring or guaranteeing indebtedness except immaterial transactions in
     the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or under
     existing credit facilities;

  .  adopting or amending any employee benefit plan, entering into any
     employment contract (other than offer letters in the ordinary course of
     business, consistent with past practice) or increasing the salary or
     wages of any employee or consultant, other than non-executive officers
     in the ordinary course of its business or consistent with the
     restructuring plan approved by its board;

  .  making any material capital expenditures other than those consistent
     with the restructuring plan approved by its board;

  .  modifying or terminating contracts or waiving, releasing or assigning
     any material rights under any contract in a manner that could reasonably
     be expected to materially adversely affect it;

  .  entering into any agreement regarding the acquisition, distribution or
     licensing of its material intellectual property other than in the
     ordinary course of its business or in connection with the distribution
     and license agreement entered into in connection with the merger
     agreement;

  .  initiating litigation, which if resolved adversely to it, would
     materially adversely affect it;

  .  paying, settling or discharging a claim or liability, other than in the
     ordinary course of its business and where such action would not
     materially adversely affect it provided the settlement would not result
     in a material liability or require a material payment; or

  .  changing accounting practices or materially revaluing assets (except as
     required by generally accepted accounting principles).

   Each party has also agreed to use all reasonable efforts to implement and
complete the restructuring plan adopted by its respective board of directors.
The agreements related to the conduct of each company's business in the merger
agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. We urge you to read the
section of the merger agreement entitled "Conduct Prior to the Effective Time"
carefully.

   On or about April 12, 2001, Kana agreed to allow Broadbase to reprice all of
its outstanding options and in connection with this repricing, to increase the
size of its option reserve. In addition, Kana was informed that Broadbase wrote
down approximately $958.2 million in goodwill. Concurrently, Broadbase agreed
to allow Kana to pay excess severance to terminated employees, to allow other
associated severance arrangements, to grant additional options to continuing
employees and to allow Kana to issue warrants to a Kana customer.

Broadbase Stock Option Exchange Program

   On April 27, 2001, Broadbase commenced a stock option exchange program and
filed a tender offer statement on Schedule TO with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Under this exchange program, Broadbase option holders have the
opportunity to exchange existing options with an exercise price per share of
more than $0.92 for new options to purchase the same number of shares covered
by the existing options. The per share exercise price of the new options will
be $0.92, which was the closing price of Broadbase's common stock as reported
by the Nasdaq National Market on April 11, 2001, the date on which the
Broadbase board approved this program.

   To be eligible to participate in the exchange program, an option holder must
have been an employee, officer, director, consultant, independent contractor or
advisor of Broadbase or its subsidiaries as of April 11, 2001. The Broadbase
board expects to grant the new options under Broadbase's 1999 Equity Incentive
Plan or its 2000 Stock Incentive Plan. Some of the key features of the new
options are:

  . the new options will vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly
    increments beginning on April 11, 2001, except that if the new option
    replaces any existing option that is entirely unvested as of the grant
    date, the new option will begin to vest on April 11, 2001, but will not
    be exercisable until the first date that the corresponding existing
    option would have become exercisable (at which time, the new option will
    be exercisable as to any shares that vested monthly between April 11,
    2001 and the first date of exercisability);

  . if the existing option was fully vested upon grant, such as those granted
    annually to non-employee directors, the new options will also be fully
    vested upon grant;

  . if the existing option has a provision for acceleration of some or all of
    the vesting of the shares upon a change in control of Broadbase or upon
    termination of employment, the new option will have the same provision
    for acceleration;

  . the new option will expire ten years after the grant date, subject to
    earlier termination upon termination of employment;

  . the new option will be a non-statutory stock option; and

  . the other terms and conditions of the new option will be substantially
    similar to those of the cancelled options.

   Broadbase plans to hold the exchange period open for its option holders
until 9:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Time on May 24, 2001, unless it extends this
period. Broadbase will grant the new options promptly after this exchange
period expires.

   As of April 26, 2001, there were options outstanding to purchase
approximately 24.6 million shares of Broadbase common stock. Of these, options
to purchase approximately 19.6 million shares of Broadbase common stock had an
exercise price greater than $0.92. As of April 26, 2001, Broadbase's executive
officers and directors as a group (12 persons) held options to purchase
approximately 5,882,937 shares of Broadbase common stock, representing
approximately 30% of the shares subject to options that are eligible for
exchange, as follows: Chuck Bay - 2,300,500 shares; Massood Zarrabian - 619,372
shares; Chris Maeda - 583,624 shares; David Milam - 575,500 shares; Brian Kelly
- - 450,500 shares; Fabio Angelillis - 450,000 shares; Thomas Doyle - 400,500
shares; Greg Martin - 325,500 shares; Eric Willgohs - 117,441 shares; Kevin
Harvey - 40,000 shares and Robert Davoli - 20,000 shares.

No Other Negotiations

   Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated,
Broadbase and Kana have each agreed not to take any of the following actions
directly or indirectly:

  .  solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or knowingly induce the making,
     submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal, as that term is
     defined below on page 89;

  .  participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition
     Proposal except for discussions to elicit information to determine
     whether the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Offer as that
     term is defined below on page 89;

  .  furnish any non-public information with respect to any Acquisition
     Proposal;

  .  take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
     Acquisition Proposal except to elicit information to determine whether
     the Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Offer;

  .  participate in discussions with any person with respect to any
     Acquisition Proposal;

  .  approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

  .  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract,
     agreement or commitment relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

   However, if either Kana or Broadbase receives an unsolicited, written
Acquisition Proposal prior to the approval of the merger at its stockholders'
meeting that its board concludes in good faith, after consultation with its
financial advisor, may constitute a Superior Offer, as defined below, it may
furnish non-public information regarding it and may enter into discussions with
the person or group who has made that Acquisition Proposal, if:

  .  neither it nor its representatives shall have violated the non-
     solicitation provisions of the merger agreement or the provisions of the
     merger agreement relating to holding its stockholders meeting;

  .  its board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation with
     outside legal counsel, that it would be inconsistent with its fiduciary
     obligations to its stockholders under applicable law to fail to take
     this action;

  .  prior to furnishing non-public information to, or entering into any
     discussions or negotiations with, a party making the Acquisition
     Proposal except discussions to elicit information to determine whether
     the

   Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Offer, it gives the other
   company written notice of the Acquisition Proposal, including the identity
   of the party making the Acquisition Proposal and the material terms and
   conditions of the Acquisition Proposal; and

  .  it furnishes the non-public information to the other company (to the
     extent that such information has not been previously provided) at the
     same time that it furnishes this information to the party making the
     Acquisition Proposal and the information furnished to the other party is
     subject to an agreement requiring the confidential treatment of that
     information.

   An Acquisition Proposal is any offer or proposal by a third party to either
Kana or Broadbase relating to:

  .  the acquisition or purchase of more than a 30% interest in the total
     outstanding voting securities of it or any of its subsidiaries;

  .  any tender offer or exchange offer, that, if consummated, would result
     in any person or group beneficially owning 30% or more of the total
     outstanding voting securities of it or any of its subsidiaries;

  .  any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
     involving it under which its stockholders immediately prior to the
     acquisition hold less than 60% of the equity interest in the resulting
     entity; or

  .  any sale, lease, other than in the ordinary course of business,
     exchange, transfer, license other than in the ordinary course of
     business, acquisition, or disposition of more than 50% of its assets.

   A Superior Offer with respect to either Kana or Broadbase is:

  .  an unsolicited, bona fide Acquisition Proposal made by a third party
     that its board determines in good faith, after consultation with its
     financial advisor, to be substantially more favorable to its
     stockholders than the merger; and

  .  which, by its terms, requires that this merger and the merger agreement
     be terminated as a condition to the completion of the proposed
     Acquisition Proposal.

An offer will not be a Superior Offer if any financing required to complete
the proposed transaction is not committed and it is not likely in the good
faith determination of the board of directors, after consultation with its
financial advisor, to be obtained by the third party on a timely basis.

   The board of either Broadbase or Kana may, without breaching the merger
agreement, withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation in favor of
the merger proposal or endorse or recommend a Superior Offer if:

  .  a Superior Offer is made to the other company and is not withdrawn;

  .  it provides written notice of the Superior Offer to the other company,
     including the identity of the party making the Superior Offer and
     summarizing the material terms and conditions of the Superior Offer;

  .  the other company does not, within two business days after receiving a
     written notice from the company receiving the Superior Offer, make an
     offer that the board of the company receiving the Superior Offer
     determines by majority vote in its good faith judgment, after
     consultation with its financial advisor, to be at least as favorable to
     its stockholders as the Superior Offer;

  .  its board concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside
     legal counsel, that its failure to withhold, withdraw, amend or modify
     its recommendation in light of the Superior Offer would be inconsistent
     with its fiduciary obligations to its stockholders under applicable law;
     and

  .  it has not knowingly violated the non-solicitation provisions of the
     merger agreement or the provisions of the merger agreement relating to
     holding its stockholders meeting.

   Each company has also agreed to provide the other with at least two days
prior notice (or such lesser prior notice as provided to its own board) of any
meeting of its board at which its board is reasonably expected to consider any
Acquisition Proposal to determine whether it is a Superior Offer. Even if an
Acquisition Proposal or a Superior Offer is made or the board's recommendation
with respect to the merger proposal is withheld, withdrawn, amended or
modified, it must nevertheless hold and convene its stockholders' meeting as
promptly as possible and within 45 days of the effectiveness of Kana's
registration statement and put the merger proposal to a vote of its
stockholders.

Public Disclosure

   Kana and Broadbase have each agreed to consult with the other and, to the
extent practicable, agree before issuing any press release or making any public
statement with respect to the merger or the merger agreement.

Employee Benefit Plans

   Kana and Broadbase will work together in good faith to agree upon mutually
acceptable employee benefit and compensation arrangements.

Conditions to Closing the Merger

   The obligation of each of Kana and Broadbase to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following conditions
before closing the merger:

  .  the merger agreement must be approved and adopted and the merger must be
     approved by stockholders of Broadbase;

  .  the issuance of the shares of Kana common stock to be issued in the
     merger, as well as the amendment to Kana's certificate of incorporation
     to change its name, must be approved by Kana's stockholders;

  .  Kana's registration statement, of which this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus is a part, must be effective, no stop order
     suspending its effectiveness may be in effect and no proceedings for
     suspending its effectiveness may be pending before or threatened by the
     Securities and Exchange Commission;

  .  no governmental entity shall have enacted, issued or enforced any law,
     regulation or order that has the effect of making the merger illegal or
     otherwise prohibiting the closing of the merger;

  .  all applicable waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws relating
     to the merger must have expired or been terminated;

  .  each must receive from its tax counsel an opinion to the effect that the
     merger will constitute a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of
     section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

  .  the shares of Kana common stock to be issued in the merger must be
     authorized for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market, subject to
     official notice of issuance; and

  .  all required approvals and consents shall have been obtained unless the
     failure to receive such consent or approval would not be reasonably
     likely to have a material adverse effect, as described below on page 91,
     on the combined companies.

   Broadbase's obligations to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction
or waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

  .  the representations and warranties of Kana must be true and correct,
     except as a result of transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
     or where the failure to be true and correct would not, in the aggregate,
     have a material adverse effect;

  .  Kana must have performed or complied in all material respects with all
     of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to be
     performed or complied with by it at or before closing the merger;

  .  no material adverse effect with respect to Kana shall have occurred
     since April 9, 2001, and be continuing;

  .  Kana must have complied in all material respects with the terms of the
     headcount reduction plan approved by its board; and

  .  Kana shall have taken all action necessary to appoint or elect to Kana's
     board of directors upon the effective time of the merger the individuals
     agreed upon by the parties to the merger agreement.

   Kana's obligations to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following additional conditions:

  .  the representations and warranties of Broadbase must be true and
     correct, except as result of transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement or where the failure to be true and correct would not, in the
     aggregate, have a material adverse effect;

  .  Broadbase must have performed or complied in all material respects with
     all of its agreements and covenants required by the merger agreement to
     be performed or complied with by it at or before closing the merger;

  .  no material adverse effect with respect to Broadbase shall have occurred
     since April 9, 2001, and be continuing; and

  .  Broadbase must have complied in all material respects with the terms of
     the headcount reduction plan approved by its board.

   A material adverse effect is defined to be any change, event, circumstance
or effect that is materially adverse to the business, assets (including
intangible assets), capitalization, financial condition, cash position,
operations or results of operations of such entity taken as a whole with its
subsidiaries. A material adverse effect does not include a change, event,
circumstance or effect that directly results from the following (none of which
shall in and of itself constitute a material adverse effect):

  .  changes in general economic, political or social conditions;

  .  short term variations in revenues;

  .  changes affecting the entity's industry generally, so long as the change
     does not affect the entity in a substantially disproportionate manner;

  .  changes in the trading price or volume of the entity's common stock;

  .  changes in the electronic customer relationship management market, so
     long as these changes do not affect the entity in a substantially
     disproportionate manner;

  .  the effect of the public announcement of the merger or the period of
     time during which the merger is not completed on the customers,
     suppliers, distributors, partners and employees of the entity;

  .  the effect of performing the obligations under the merger agreement or
     loan agreement or in connection with the restructuring plan approved by
     the entity's board; and

  .  changes principally caused by one party's refusal to consent to an
     action reasonably requested by the other party after the latter party's
     board determines in good faith and certifies to the first party that the
     action is necessary to avoid a material adverse effect.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to closing the
merger, whether before or after the requisite stockholder approval, by either
Kana or Broadbase:

  .  by mutual written consent duly authorized by the boards of Kana and
     Broadbase;

  .  if the merger is not completed by October 31, 2001 (or December 31,
     2001, in the event that the applicable waiting period under the Hart-
     Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 has not expired and the
     extending party reasonably believes it will expire in time to permit the
     closing to occur by such date), except that the right to terminate the
     merger agreement under this provision is not available to any party
     whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause resulting in
     the failure of the merger to occur on or by October 31, 2001, and this
     action or failure to act constitutes a material breach of the merger
     agreement;

  .  if a governmental authority has issued an order, decree or ruling or
     taken any other action that is final and non-appealable, having the
     effect of permanently enjoining, restraining or prohibiting the merger;

  .  if the merger agreement is not approved and adopted and the merger is
     not approved by the stockholders of Broadbase, except that the right to
     terminate the merger agreement under this provision is not available to
     Broadbase where the failure to obtain stockholder approval was caused by
     an action or failure to act by Broadbase that constitutes a material
     breach of the merger agreement;

  .  if the approval of the issuance of shares of Kana common stock in the
     merger and the amendment to Kana's certificate of incorporation
     effecting the change of Kana's name shall not have been approved by
     Kana's stockholders, except that the right to terminate the merger
     agreement under this provision is not available to Kana if the failure
     to obtain stockholder approval was caused by an action or failure to act
     by Kana that constitutes a material breach of the merger agreement;

  .  at any time prior to the other party receiving the required approval of
     its stockholders, if a Triggering Event, as described below, occurs;

  .  upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on
     the part of the other party in the merger agreement, or if any of the
     other party's representations or warranties are or become materially
     untrue, so that the corresponding condition to closing the merger would
     not be met. However, if the breach or inaccuracy is curable by the
     breaching party through the exercise of its commercially reasonable
     efforts, and the breaching party continues to exercise commercially
     reasonable efforts, then the nonbreaching party may not terminate the
     merger agreement if the breach or inaccuracy is cured within 45 days
     after delivery of the notice of breach or inaccuracy or the nonbreaching
     party is in material breach of the merger agreement; or

  .  if the other party willfully and materially breaches its obligations
     under the loan agreement and this breach continues for two business days
     after receiving written notice of the breach.

   A Triggering Event will occur if:

  .  the board of directors or any board committee of Kana or Broadbase
     withdraws, amends or modifies, in a manner adverse to the other party,
     its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the merger
     agreement and the approval of the merger, or in the case of Kana, in
     favor of the issuance of Kana common stock in the merger or the
     amendment of its certificate of incorporation relating to its name
     change;

  .  Broadbase or Kana fails to include in this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus the recommendation of its board of directors in
     favor of the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the
     approval of the merger, or in the case of Kana, in favor of the issuance
     of Kana common stock in the merger or the amendment of its certificate
     of incorporation relating to its name change;

  .  the board of directors or any board committee of Kana or Broadbase fails
     to reaffirm its recommendation in favor of adoption and approval of the
     merger agreement and the approval of the merger, or in the case of Kana,
     in favor of the issuance of Kana common stock in the merger or the
     amendment of its certificate of incorporation relating to its name
     change, within 10 days after the other party requests in writing that
     this recommendation be reaffirmed following the public announcement of
     an Acquisition Proposal;

  .  the board of directors of Broadbase or Kana approves or publicly
     recommends any Acquisition Proposal;

  .  Broadbase or Kana enters into a letter of intent or similar document or
     agreement accepting an Acquisition Proposal;

  .  Broadbase or Kana knowingly breaches the non-solicitation provisions of
     the merger agreement or the provisions of the merger agreement relating
     to holding its stockholders meeting; or

  .  if a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of a party is
     commenced by a person or entity unaffiliated with the other party, and
     the party does not send to its stockholders within 10 business days
     after the tender or exchange offer is first commenced, a statement
     disclosing that the party recommends rejection of the tender or exchange
     offer.

Termination Fee

   Subject to the conditions below, if either Broadbase or Kana terminates the
merger agreement because the merger is not completed by October 31, 2001, (or
December 31, 2001, if extended), then the terminating party is obligated to pay
to the other within two days of the termination a termination fee equal to $2.5
million in immediately available funds.

   Subject to the conditions below, Broadbase shall pay Kana a termination fee
equal to $2.5 million if the merger agreement is terminated by Kana or
Broadbase because of the failure of Broadbase's stockholders to approve the
merger and the merger agreement or if the merger agreement is terminated by
Kana because of a Triggering Event related to Broadbase.

   Subject to the conditions below, Kana shall pay Broadbase a termination fee
equal to $2.5 million if the merger agreement is terminated by Kana or
Broadbase because of the failure of Kana's stockholders to approve the issuance
of Kana common stock in the merger or the amendment of Kana's certificate of
incorporation relating to its name change or if the merger agreement is
terminated by Broadbase because of a Triggering Event related to Kana.

   However, if Broadbase or Kana terminates the merger agreement because the
merger is not completed by October 31, 2001, (or December 31, 2001, if the
deadline for closing is extended) or because the required stockholder approvals
of that party have not been received, the $2.5 million termination fee must be
paid only if:

  .  a Triggering Event related to that party has not occurred;

  .  prior to termination of the merger agreement an Acquisition Proposal is
     publicly announced concerning that party and another person; and

  .  within twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement, that
     party either completes an Acquisition, as defined below, with such
     person, or enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition with
     such person and that Acquisition is later consummated at any time,
     provided that such party had entered into the agreement during the
     twelve-month period.

   In any such case, the termination fee shall be payable within two days of
the closing of an Acquisition. Any termination fee paid shall constitute
liquidated damages to the receiving party and the paying party shall have no
further liability for the action that triggered the termination fee.

   An Acquisition is any of the following:

  .  a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
     liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving a party in
     which its stockholders immediately preceding the transaction hold less
     than 50% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving entity of
     the transaction or its parent;

  .  a sale or other disposition by a party of assets representing in excess
     of 50% of the aggregate fair market value of its business immediately
     prior to the sale; or

  .  the acquisition by any person or group, including by way of a tender
     offer or an exchange offer or issuance by a party, directly or
     indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial
     ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of
     the then outstanding shares of its capital stock.

Amendment, Extension and Waiver of the Merger Agreement

   Kana and Broadbase may amend the merger agreement before completing the
merger, provided that they comply with applicable state law in amending the
agreement. Either party may extend the other's time for the performance of any
of the obligations or other acts under the merger agreement, waive any
inaccuracies in the other's representations and warranties and waive compliance
by the other with any of the agreements or conditions in the merger agreement.

                               RELATED AGREEMENTS

   This section describes agreements related to the merger agreement, including
the stock option agreements, the voting agreements, the distribution and
license agreement and the revolving loan agreement. While we believe that these
descriptions cover the material terms of these agreements, these summaries may
not contain all of the information that is important to you. The form of Kana
stockholders' voting agreement is attached as Appendix II, the form of
Broadbase stockholders' voting agreement is attached as Appendix III, the Kana
stock option agreement is attached as Appendix IV, the Broadbase stock option
agreement is attached as Appendix V, the distribution and license agreement is
attached as Appendix VI and the revolving loan agreement is attached as
Appendix VII. We urge you to read each of these agreements carefully in their
entirety.

The Voting Agreements

   Kana required some Broadbase stockholders, including Broadbase's executive
officers, directors and affiliates, to enter into voting agreements as an
inducement for Kana to enter into the merger agreement. These persons
collectively held approximately 11.7% of the outstanding Broadbase common stock
as of April 9, 2001 (including shares issuable upon exercise of options
exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001).

   In addition, Broadbase required some Kana stockholders, including Kana's
executive officers, directors and affiliates, to enter into voting agreements
as an inducement for Broadbase to enter into the merger agreement. These
persons collectively held approximately 20.4% of the outstanding Kana common
stock as of April 9, 2001 (including shares issued upon exercise of options
exercisable within 60 days of April 9, 2001).

   The form of the voting agreements entered into by these stockholders is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix II, in the case
of the Kana stockholders, and Appendix III, in the case of the Broadbase
stockholders. We encourage you to read both of these agreements in their
entirety.

   Under the voting agreements, these persons agreed:

  .  in the case of Broadbase stockholders, to vote all shares of Broadbase
     common stock that they beneficially own:

    .  in favor of:

          .  the merger;

          .  the execution and delivery by Broadbase of the merger agreement;

          .  the adoption and approval of the terms of the merger agreement;

          .  all actions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

          .  any other action required in furtherance of the voting agreement
             or merger agreement, to the extent that a vote is solicited in
             connection with those documents;

    .  and against:

          .  any action or agreement that would result in breach of any
             representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Broadbase or
             the merger agreement or that would preclude fulfillment of a
             closing condition of the merger; and

          .  approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or, in
             competition with, the merger, including any Acquisition Proposal
             or Superior Offer.

  .  in the case of Kana stockholders, to vote all shares of Kana common
     stock that they beneficially own:

    .  in favor of:

          .  the issuance of shares of Kana common stock in the merger;

          .  the amendment to Kana's second amended and restated certificate
             of incorporation to change its name to "Kana Software, Inc.";

          .  the execution and delivery by Kana of the merger agreement;

          .  the adoption and approval of the terms of the merger agreement;

          .  all actions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

          .  any other action required in furtherance of the voting agreement
             or merger agreement, to the extent that a vote is solicited in
             connection with those documents;

    .  and against:

          .  any action or agreement that would result in breach of any
             representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Kana or the
             merger agreement or that would preclude fulfillment of a closing
             condition of the merger; and

          .  approval of any proposal made in opposition to, or, in
             competition with, the merger, including any Acquisition Proposal
             or Superior Offer.

   Concurrently with the execution of the voting agreement, each stockholder
also delivered an irrevocable proxy to the other company granting the board of
directors of the other company the right to vote the shares covered by the
voting agreement in favor of the matters described above.

   None of the persons who entered into a voting agreement were paid additional
consideration in connection with the voting agreements. The voting agreements
will terminate upon the earlier to occur of the effective time of the merger or
the valid termination of the merger agreement under Section 7 of the merger
agreement.

The Stock Option Agreements

   Under the Kana stock option agreement, Kana granted Broadbase an option to
buy up to a number of shares of Kana common stock equal to 19.9% of the
outstanding shares of Kana common stock as of the date of exercise of the
option (less any amount of shares issued to Broadbase upon the conversion of
debt outstanding under the revolving loan agreement) at an exercise price of
$0.875 per share. Based on the number of shares of Kana common stock
outstanding on April 9, 2001, the option would be exercisable for approximately
18,770,797 shares of Kana common stock.

   Under the Broadbase stock option agreement, Broadbase granted Kana an option
to buy up to a number of shares of Broadbase common stock equal to 19.9% of the
outstanding shares of Broadbase common stock on the date of exercise of the
option at an exercise price of $0.7188 per share. Based on the number of shares
of Broadbase common stock outstanding on April 9, 2001, the option would be
exercisable for approximately 16,330,708 shares of Broadbase common stock.

   Each of Broadbase and Kana required the other to grant these stock options
as a prerequisite to entering into the merger agreement. The Kana stock option
agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix IV,
and the Broadbase stock option agreement is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix V. We urge you to read both of these
agreements in their entirety. In this section, the grantor of the option,
whether Kana or Broadbase, is referred to as the grantor, and the holder of the
option, whether Broadbase or Kana, is referred to as the option holder.

   These options are intended to increase the likelihood that the merger will
be completed. Provisions of the stock option agreements may have the effect of
discouraging persons who might now or at any time be interested in acquiring
all or a significant interest in either of us before closing the merger. The
number of shares issuable upon exercise of each option and the exercise price
of each option are subject to adjustment under specified circumstances to
prevent dilution.

   Neither option is currently exercisable. The option holder may exercise the
option in whole or in part and from time to time only if one or more of the
following occurs:

  .  a Triggering Event, as defined in the merger agreement, as described
     above on page 92;

  .  the public announcement of an acquisition or purchase by any person or
     group of more than a 30% beneficial ownership interest in the total
     outstanding voting securities of the grantor; or

  .  the public announcement or commencement of any tender offer or exchange
     offer that if completed would result in any person or group beneficially
     owning 30% or more of the total outstanding voting securities of the
     grantor.

   The option will terminate upon the earliest of any of the following:

  .  the effective time of the merger;

  .  the termination of the merger agreement by mutual written consent duly
     authorized by the boards of Kana and Broadbase;

  .  the termination of the merger agreement by either Kana or Broadbase,
     prior to a Triggering Event, as described above, upon a breach of any
     representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the other
     in the merger agreement, or if any of the other's representations or
     warranties are or become untrue, so that the corresponding condition to
     closing the applicable merger would not be met (subject in either case
     to any applicable cure periods);

  .  the termination of the merger agreement by either Kana or Broadbase,
     prior to a Triggering Event, if:

   .  the merger is not completed by October 31, 2001;

   .  if a governmental authority has issued an order, decree or ruling or
      taken any other action that is final and non-appealable; or

   .  if the required approvals of the stockholders of Broadbase or Kana are
      not received; or

  .  12 months after termination of the merger agreement in other
     circumstances;

except that if the option is exercisable but cannot be exercised due to
government order or because the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
related to the issuance of the shares underlying the option has not expired or
been terminated, or because any other condition to closing has not been
satisfied, then the option will not terminate until the tenth business day
after this impediment to exercise has been removed or, in the case of a
government order, has become final and not subject to appeal.

   If the total of any termination fee received by the option holder pursuant
to the merger agreement plus the proceeds the option holder receives in
connection with any sales or other dispositions of the option or shares
purchased by exercising the option, plus any dividends on these shares exceed
the total of $2.5 million plus the aggregate exercise price paid upon exercise
of the option, then the option holder must promptly remit all excess proceeds
in cash to the grantor.

   The stock option agreement may not be exercised unless:

  . all material consents, approvals, orders or authorizations of, or
    registrations, declarations or filings with, any United States federal,
    state, or local administrative agency or commission or other United
    States federal, state or local governmental authority or instrumentality,
    if any, required in connection with the issuance of the option shares
    pursuant to the stock option agreement have been obtained or made, as the
    case may be; and

  . no preliminary or permanent injunction or other order by any court of
    competent jurisdiction in the United States prohibiting or otherwise
    restraining such issuance is in effect.

   The stock option agreements grant registration rights to Broadbase and Kana
with respect to the shares of Kana common stock or Broadbase common stock
represented by the respective options. In addition, under each agreement, the
grantor and the option holder agree to indemnify the other against specified
liabilities and expenses, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

Distribution and License Agreement

   Kana and Broadbase entered into a distribution and license agreement
concurrently with the merger agreement. Under this license, Kana and Broadbase
each granted to the other a world-wide, nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-
bearing license to all of the other's intellectual property rights to use,
copy, distribute, display and perform all of the software owned by the other
and software, products and services offered by the other to third parties. The
source code for the licensed products will be placed in escrow to be released
only upon the occurrence of certain bankruptcy-related events, upon a complete
cessation of one party's business or upon a failure by one party that is not
cured to provide maintenance and support in accordance with standard terms.

   In consideration of the grant of the license, Kana and Broadbase each agreed
to pay to the other royalties equal to 10% of the net revenue from the
distribution and other commercial exploitation of the licensed products on a
stand-alone basis. If the licensed products are bundled with Kana or
Broadbase's own products, then the royalties will equal 10% of the portion of
the net revenue that is reasonably attributable to the licensed products. No
royalties are due with respect to products that are used internally by Kana or
Broadbase for activities that do not generate revenues or for evaluation or
promotional purposes.

   The license agreement will continue for five years from April 9, 2001, and
will renew automatically for additional one year terms unless either party
provides the other with notice of termination at least 60 days prior to the end
of the then-current term. If Kana or Broadbase is not in default under the
license, either may terminate the agreement upon a material breach by the other
that is not cured within 30 days of written notice of the breach. The attempted
assignment of rights by, or the change of control of, either party without the
consent of the other party shall give the non-assigning party or party not
undergoing a change of control the right to immediately terminate the license
granted by it.

Revolving Loan Agreement

   Kana and Broadbase entered into a revolving loan agreement concurrently with
the merger agreement. Under this loan agreement, Broadbase agreed to make
available to Kana a revolving credit facility up to an aggregate principal
amount of $20.0 million. The facility may be used to pay payroll and other
expenses. The credit facility will be available until the earlier to occur of:

  .  the effectiveness of the merger;

  .  the effective date of any termination of the merger agreement; or

  .  the Maturity Date, as described below on page 99.

   If a Triggering Event, as described above under "The Stock Option
Agreements," occurs with respect to Broadbase, Kana will be entitled to draw
down the entire amount of the credit facility. As of May 17, 2001, Kana has
drawn down $8.2 million under the revolving loan agreement. Of this amount,
$6.8 million was used to fund a deposit account that Kana is required to
maintain with Silicon Valley Bank, with whom Kana has an existing credit
facility, and $1.4 million will be used to fund Kana's payroll and operating
expenses. The remaining $11.8 million available under the revolving loan
agreement will be placed in an escrow account to fund any future drawdowns by
Kana under that agreement. Kana's obligations to Broadbase under the revolving
loan agreement have been fully subordinated to up to $10.0 million of Kana's
obligations to Silicon Valley Bank.

   Kana and Broadbase agreed upon a form of convertible promissory note to be
issued by Kana to Broadbase in exchange for any amounts loaned by Broadbase to
Kana. The outstanding principal amount under the note will accrue interest at a
rate equal to the prime rate plus 2% per year, compounded quarterly. The note
will be due on the Maturity Date, unless the note has previously been converted
at Broadbase's option into shares of Kana's common stock, as described below.

   The Maturity Date for the credit facility shall be April 9, 2002, unless:

  .  the merger agreement is terminated before April 9, 2002 by Kana upon a
     willful breach by Broadbase of any representation, warranty, covenant or
     other agreement of Broadbase in the merger agreement, in which case the
     Maturity Date will be extended to one year after the date of such
     termination;

  .  the merger agreement is terminated before April 9, 2002 by Broadbase
     upon a willful breach by Kana of any representation, warranty, covenant
     or agreement of Kana in the merger agreement, by the mutual agreement of
     Kana and Broadbase, or upon certain other specified events, in which
     case the Maturity Date will be 30 days after the date of such
     termination; or

  .  Kana executes an agreement to be acquired, in which case the Maturity
     Date will be 30 days after the date of such agreement.

   Broadbase may elect at any time beginning on July 16, 2001 to convert all or
any part of any outstanding principal and accrued interest of the note into
shares of Kana's common stock at a price of $1.10 per share. This price will be
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends and other recapitalizations. In no
event, however, may the total amount converted under the note, when counted
together with the shares acquired under the stock option agreement in favor of
Broadbase described above, exceed 19.9% of Kana's total outstanding shares of
common stock.

   Upon and during the continuation of an event of default under the agreement,
Broadbase will no longer be obligated to make advances to Kana and may declare
any obligations of Kana under the agreement to be immediately due and payable.
Events of default under the agreement include:

  .  Kana's failing to pay any principal amount within five days of when due
     and payable;

  .  Kana's failing to pay any interest, fees or other amounts within five
     days of when due and payable;

  .  Kana's failing to perform any of its covenants under the agreement and
     such failure continuing for 30 days after notice of the default by
     Broadbase. Covenants in the loan agreement include:

   .  using the proceeds for purposes different from those set forth in the
      borrowing request for a loan;

   .  not permitting inspections by Broadbase of all records, financial
      information and properties;

   .  not maintaining its corporate existence and using commercially
      reasonable efforts to maintain the intellectual property necessary to
      conduct its business; or

   .  merging or liquidating, or permitting any of its subsidiaries to merge
      or liquidate, other than as contemplated by the merger agreement;

  .  any representation or warranty made by Kana in the loan documents being
     proven to have been untrue or incorrect when made; and

  .  Kana becoming subject to various bankruptcy proceedings.

                            KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements have been
prepared to give effect to the proposed merger of Kana and Broadbase, the
merger of Kana and Silknet, and the merger of Broadbase and Servicesoft, using
the purchase method of accounting. These pro forma statements were prepared as
if the mergers had been completed as of the beginning of the respective periods
for statement of operations purposes and as of March 31, 2001 for balance sheet
purposes.

   The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are presented for
illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the financial
position or results of operations that would have actually been reported had
the mergers occurred at March 31, 2001 for balance sheet purposes or as of the
beginning of the respective periods for statement of operations purposes, nor
is it necessarily indicative of the future financial position or results of
operations. The pro forma combined financial statements include adjustments,
which are based upon preliminary estimates, to reflect the allocation of
purchase consideration to the acquired assets and liabilities of Broadbase,
before any integration or restructuring adjustments. The final allocation of
the purchase consideration will be determined after the completion of the
merger and will be based on appraisals and a comprehensive final evaluation of
the fair value of all assets and liabilities assumed as considered appropriate.
The pro forma adjustments may differ materially based upon the final
allocation.

   These unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based upon the
respective historical consolidated financial statements of Kana, Broadbase,
Silknet and Servicesoft and should be read in conjunction with the historical
consolidated financial statements of Kana and Broadbase and related notes and
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" contained in the reports and other information Kana and Broadbase
have on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

                              March 31, 2001
                                 (In thousands)

                                                          Pro Forma
                                                   ---------------------------
                            Kana       Broadbase   Adjustments      Combined
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------

         ASSETS
         ------
Current assets:

  Cash and cash
   equivalents.......... $    20,724  $    70,731  $        --     $    91,455
  Short-term
   investments..........         275       59,939           --          60,214
  Accounts receivable,
   net..................      27,141       20,789           --          47,930
  Prepaid expenses and
   other current
   assets...............      12,914        5,892           --          18,806
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
    Total current
     assets.............      61,054      157,351           --         218,405
Restricted cash.........          --        2,473           --           2,473
Property and equipment,
 net....................      37,048       18,570      (18,570)(a)      37,048
Intangible assets,
 principally goodwill...     109,777       32,771      (32,771)(b)     109,777
Other assets............       5,258        6,359       (6,359)(a)       5,258
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
    Total assets........ $   213,137  $   217,524  $   (57,700)    $   372,961
                         ===========  ===========  ===========     ===========
    LIABILITIES AND
  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  ---------------------
Current liabilities:
  Current portion of
   notes payable........ $     1,466  $       326  $        --     $     1,792
  Accounts payable......      11,327        7,661           --          18,988
  Accrued liabilities...      26,019       23,104       11,200 (c)      60,323
  Deferred revenue......      23,325       16,671      (10,126)(d)      29,870
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
    Total current
     liabilities........      62,137       47,762        1,074         110,973
Notes payable, less
 current portion........          75          610           --             685
Deferred credit--
 negative goodwill......          --           --       23,991 (e)      23,991
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
    Total liabilities...      62,212       48,372       25,065         135,649
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
Stockholders' equity:
  Convertible preferred
   stock................          --           --           --              --
  Common stock..........          94           82            4 (f)         180
  Additional paid-in
   capital..............   4,130,391    1,484,835   (1,386,121)(f)   4,229,105
  Deferred stock-based
   compensation.........     (17,527)     (31,686)      20,236 (f)     (28,977)
  Notes receivable from
   stockholders.........      (4,522)        (963)          --          (5,485)
  Accumulated other
   comprehensive loss...      (1,123)         390         (390)(f)      (1,123)
  Accumulated deficit...  (3,956,388)  (1,283,506)   1,283,506 (f)  (3,956,388)
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
    Total stockholders'
     equity.............     150,925      169,152      (82,765)        237,312
                         -----------  -----------  -----------     -----------
    Total liabilities
     and stockholders'
     equity............. $   213,137  $   217,524  $   (57,700)    $   372,961
                         ===========  ===========  ===========     ===========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
                         combined financial statements.

                         KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

           UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                   For the Year Ended December 31, 2000

                   (In thousands, except per share data)

                                                      Acquired Entities            Pro Forma
                                                  ------------------------- --------------------------
                             Kana      Broadbase  Silknet(k) Servicesoft(l) Adjustments     Combined
                          -----------  ---------  ---------- -------------- -----------    -----------

Revenues:
  License...............  $    75,360  $  34,646    $ 7,255      $ 9,920     $     --      $   127,181
  Service...............       43,887     13,608      4,392       13,336           --           75,223
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
    Total revenues......      119,247     48,254     11,647       23,256           --          202,404
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
Cost of revenues:
  License...............        2,856      4,452        404          772           --            8,484
  Service...............       56,201     15,984      4,516       15,951           --           92,652
  Amortization of
   acquired core and
   developed
   technology...........           --      1,696         --           --       (1,696)(g)           --
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
    Total cost of
     revenues...........       59,057     22,132      4,920       16,723       (1,696)         101,136
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
Gross profit............       60,190     26,122      6,727        6,533        1,696          101,268
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing...       88,186     37,247      5,654       30,036           --          161,123
  Research and
   development..........       42,724     17,207      4,556        7,928           --           72,415
  General and
   administrative.......       18,945      6,836      2,208       11,371           --           39,360
  Amortization of stock-
   based compensation...       14,715     21,284         10        8,874       29,580 (h)       74,463
  Amortization of
   goodwill and
   identifiable
   intangibles..........      873,022     78,145         --        6,380      (84,525)(g)      865,025
                                                                               (7,997)(i)
  In-process research
   and development......        6,900     25,877         --           --           --           32,777
  Acquisition related
   costs................        6,564     45,509         --           --           --           52,073
  Goodwill impairment...    2,084,841         --         --           --           --        2,084,841
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
    Total operating
     expenses...........    3,135,897    232,105     12,428       64,589      (62,942)       3,382,077
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
Operating loss..........   (3,075,707)  (205,983)    (5,701)     (58,056)      64,638       (3,280,809)
Other income (expense),
 net....................        4,834     12,552        619          590           --           18,595
                          -----------  ---------   --------    ---------     --------      -----------
    Net loss............  $(3,070,873) $(193,431)  $ (5,082)   $ (57,466)    $ 64,638      $(3,262,214)
                          ===========  =========   ========    =========     ========      ===========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $    (39.57) $   (4.09)                                          $    (18.91)
                          ===========  =========                                           ===========
Shares used in computing
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share
 amounts................       77,610     47,259                                               172,493 (j)
                          ===========  =========                                           ===========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
                      combined financial statements.

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2001
                     (In thousands, except per share data)

                                                         Pro Forma
                                                  --------------------------
                            Kana      Broadbase   Adjustments     Combined
                          ---------  -----------  -----------    -----------

Revenues:
  License...............  $  11,857  $     7,176   $     --      $    19,033
  Service...............     12,298        5,856         --           18,154
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
    Total revenues......     24,155       13,032         --           37,187
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
Cost of revenues:
  License...............        633        1,047         --            1,680
  Service...............     16,829        6,665         --           23,494
  Amortization of
   acquired core and
   developed
   technology...........         --        1,632     (1,632)(g)           --
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
    Total cost of
     revenues...........     17,462        9,344     (1,632)          25,174
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
Gross profit............      6,693        3,688      1,632           12,013
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing...     26,534       13,979         --           40,513
  Research and
   development..........     12,949        7,512         --           20,461
  General and
   administrative.......      6,068        4,299         --           10,367
  Restructuring costs...     19,930           --         --           19,930
  Acquisition-related
   costs................         --        6,208         --            6,208
  Amortization of stock-
   based compensation...      4,112        7,917      3,664 (h)       15,693
  Amortization of
   goodwill and
   identifiable
   intangibles..........     86,852       56,160    (56,160)(g)       84,853
                                                     (1,999)(i)
  Goodwill impairment...    603,446      958,219         --        1,561,665
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
    Total operating
     expenses...........    759,891    1,054,294    (54,495)       1,759,690
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
Operating loss..........   (753,198)  (1,050,606)    56,127       (1,747,677)
Other income (expense),
 net....................        302        2,203         --            2,505
                          ---------  -----------   --------      -----------
Net loss................  $(752,896) $(1,048,403)  $ 56,127      $(1,745,172)
                          =========  ===========   ========      ===========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $   (8.23) $    (12.90)                $     (9.82)
                          =========  ===========                 ===========
Shares used in computing
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share
 amounts................     91,518       81,267                     177,685 (j)
                          =========  ===========                 ===========

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma
                         combined financial statements.

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. BASIS OF PRO FORMA PRESENTATION

   On April 9, 2001, Kana and Broadbase entered into a merger agreement whereby
each outstanding share of Broadbase common stock will be converted into 1.05
shares of Kana common stock. Each outstanding option and warrant to purchase
shares of Broadbase common stock will be assumed using the 1.05 ratio.
Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the affirmative vote of both
companies' stockholders, among other conditions. Kana expects to issue
approximately 86.2 million shares of Kana common stock and reserve
approximately 28.1 million shares of common stock to assume Broadbase's
outstanding options and warrants to purchase common stock in connection with
the merger agreement. The actual number of shares of Kana common stock to be
issued will be determined on the effective date of the merger based on the
number of shares of Broadbase common stock actually outstanding on such date.
Kana intends to account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting.

   The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet at March 31, 2001 combines
Kana's and Broadbase's consolidated financial statements at March 31, 2001 as
if the merger had been consummated on that date. The unaudited pro forma
combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 and for
the three months ended March 31, 2001 give effect to the proposed merger of
Kana and Broadbase, the merger of Kana and Silknet and the acquisition by
Broadbase of Servicesoft as if each transaction had been consummated as of the
beginning of the respective periods.

2. PRELIMINARY PURCHASE PRICE

   The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements reflect an estimated
purchase price of approximately $105.2 million, measured using the average fair
market value of Kana's common stock from April 5, 2001 to April 11, 2001, five
trading days surrounding the date the merger agreement with Broadbase was
announced, plus the value of the options and warrants to be issued by Kana in
the merger, and other costs directly related to the merger as follows (in
thousands):

     Fair market value of Kana's common stock......................... $ 81,200
     Fair market value of options and warrants assumed................   17,600
     Estimated acquisition related costs..............................    6,400
                                                                       --------
       Total consideration............................................ $105,200
                                                                       ========

   The final purchase price is dependent on the actual number of shares of
common stock exchanged, the actual number of options and warrants assumed, and
actual acquisition related costs. The final purchase price will be determined
upon completion of the merger. The preliminary purchase price allocation, which
is subject to change based on Kana's final analysis, is as follows (in
thousands):

     Tangible assets acquired......................................... $160,787
     Deferred compensation............................................   11,450
     Liabilities assumed..............................................  (43,046)
     Deferred credit--negative goodwill...............................  (23,991)
                                                                       --------
       Total ......................................................... $105,200
                                                                       ========

                           KANA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

3. PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

Balance Sheet

   The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet has been
prepared as if the merger was completed on March 31, 2001 and reflects the
following pro forma adjustments:

    (a) To reduce the carrying amount of certain Broadbase long-term assets
       to $0 due to the fair value of the acquired assets exceeding the
       purchase price (negative goodwill).

    (b) To eliminate Broadbase historical goodwill. Due to the fair value
       of the acquired assets exceeding the purchase price (negative
       goodwill), no value has been assigned to the developed technology,
       in-process technology, workforce and other acquired intangible
       assets acquired from Broadbase.

    (c) To record estimated direct merger costs of approximately $6.4
        million to be incurred by Kana and approximately $4.8 million of
        estimated merger costs to be incurred by Broadbase.

    (d) To reduce the Broadbase deferred revenue to estimated fair value.

    (e) To record deferred credit-negative goodwill resulting from the
        merger as the fair value of the acquired assets exceeds the
        purchase price.

    (f) To eliminate the historical stockholders' equity of Broadbase and
        record the Kana shares, options and warrants issued in the merger.

Statement of Operations

   The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations have
been prepared as if the proposed merger of Kana and Broadbase, the merger of
Kana and Silknet and the acquisition by Broadbase of Servicesoft were each
completed as of January 1, 2000 and reflects the following pro forma
adjustments:

    (g) To eliminate amortization of Broadbase and Servicesoft historical
        goodwill and other purchased intangible assets. No additional
        goodwill amortization has been recorded for the Silknet merger for
        the period prior to the merger due to the goodwill impairment
        charge recorded in the fourth quarter of 2000.

    (h) To record amortization of deferred stock-based compensation
        resulting from the merger of Kana and Broadbase and for the year
        ended December 31, 2000, the merger of Broadbase and Servicesoft.

    (i) To record the amortization of deferred credit-negative goodwill
        resulting from the merger of Kana and Broadbase on a straight line
        basis over a three year period.

    (j) Reflects issuance by Kana of approximately 86.2 million shares of
        common stock in connection with the merger with Broadbase and for
        the year ended December 31, 2000, an additional approximately 8.7
        million shares related to the merger with Silknet. Shares used to
        calculate unaudited pro forma net loss per share exclude the anti-
        dilutive effect of Kana's stock options including options to be
        issued in the merger.

    (k) Reflects Silknet's results of operations for the period from
        January 1, 2000 through April 19, 2000 prior to the acquisition of
        Silknet by Kana on April 20, 2000.

    (l) Reflects Servicesoft's results of operations for the period from
        January 1, 2000 through December 15, 2000 prior to the acquisition
        of Servicesoft by Broadbase on December 18, 2000.

                         MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

Kana's Market Price Data

   Kana's common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "KANA" since September 22, 1999. The following table sets forth the high
and low sales prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for Kana common
stock for the periods indicated.

                                                                  High    Low
                                                                 ------- ------

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
   Third Quarter (from September 22, 1999)...................... $ 27.50 $22.78
   Fourth Quarter...............................................  122.50  24.03

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
   First Quarter................................................ $175.50 $66.00
   Second Quarter...............................................   72.25  26.25
   Third Quarter................................................   74.63  20.63
   Fourth Quarter...............................................   29.38   8.25

   Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001
   First Quarter................................................ $ 13.00 $ 1.72
   Second Quarter (through May 17, 2001)........................    2.91   0.50

Broadbase's Market Price Data

   Broadbase's common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "BBSW" since September 22, 1999. The following table sets forth the high
and low sales prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for Broadbase
common stock for the periods indicated.

                                                                   High   Low
                                                                  ------ ------

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
   Third Quarter (from September 22, 1999)....................... $14.59 $ 7.75
   Fourth Quarter................................................  71.38   7.97

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
   First Quarter................................................. $86.00 $32.50
   Second Quarter................................................  41.00  12.63
   Third Quarter.................................................  39.50  12.94
   Fourth Quarter................................................  17.25   5.00

   Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001
   First Quarter................................................. $ 7.63 $ 1.55
   Second Quarter (through May 17, 2001).........................   2.36   0.53

Recent Closing Prices

   On April 6, 2001, the last trading day before announcement of the proposed
merger, the closing price per share of Kana common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market was $0.88, and the closing price per share of Broadbase common stock on
the Nasdaq National Market was $0.72. On April 2, 2001, five business days
before announcement of the proposed merger, the closing price per share of Kana
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.34 and the closing price per
share of Broadbase common stock on the Nasdaq National Market was $1.75. On May
17, 2001, the closing prices per share of Kana common stock and Broadbase
common stock on the Nasdaq National Market were $1.75 and $1.63, respectively.

   Because the market price of Kana common stock is subject to fluctuation, the
market value of the shares of Kana common stock that holders of Broadbase
common stock will receive in the merger may increase or decrease prior to and
following the merger. Stockholders are urged to obtain current market
quotations for Kana common stock and Broadbase common stock. No assurance can
be given as to the future prices or markets for Kana common stock or Broadbase
common stock.

                        COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes some of the
differences between the rights of holders of Broadbase common stock and Kana
common stock. This section does not include a complete description of all
differences among the rights of these stockholders, nor does it include a
complete description of the specific rights of these stockholders. In addition,
the identification of some differences in the rights of these stockholders as
material is not intended to indicate that other differences that are equally
important or that you deem important do not exist. Therefore, this summary is
qualified by reference to Delaware Law, Kana's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, and Broadbase's certificate of incorporation and bylaws. You should
carefully read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and any other
documents to which we refer for a more complete understanding of the
differences between being a stockholder of Kana and being a stockholder of
Broadbase.

   Kana and Broadbase are both organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of Kana common
stock and Broadbase common stock arise primarily from differences in their
respective restated certificates of incorporation, bylaws and rights
agreements. Upon completion of the merger, holders of Broadbase common stock
will become holders of Kana common stock and, consequently, their rights will
be governed by the Kana restated certificate of incorporation and restated
bylaws. However, the rights of holders of Broadbase common stock following the
merger will continue to be governed by Delaware law.

   Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions. Kana's and Broadbase's
certificates of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may have the
effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or an
unsolicited acquisition proposal that a stockholder might consider favorable,
including a proposal that might result in the payment of a premium over the
market price for the shares held by holders of Kana and Broadbase common stock.

   Capital Stock. Broadbase's certificate of incorporation provides that
Broadbase's authorized capital stock consists of 90,000,000 shares of common
stock, $0.001 par value, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par
value. Kana's authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.001 per share.

   Classified Board. Delaware law provides that a corporation's board of
directors may be divided into various classes with staggered terms of office.
The boards of directors for both Broadbase and Kana are divided into three
classes with staggered three-year terms. The classification of each board has
the effect of requiring at least two annual stockholder meetings, instead of
one, to replace a majority of the members of either company's board of
directors.

   Number and Election of Directors. Under Delaware law, a corporation may fix
the number of directors or the process by which to do so in either its
certificate of incorporation or bylaws. In order to be elected as a director, a
person shall have received a plurality of the votes of shares present and
entitled to vote. When electing directors in a Delaware corporation,
stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights unless the corporation's
certificate of incorporation so provides.

   Pursuant to both Kana's and Broadbase's respective certificates of
incorporation, the size of the board of directors of each shall be determined
by resolution of the board of directors. The size of the Kana board is set at
nine members while the size of Broadbase's is five members. The directors of
both Kana and Broadbase are elected as mandated by Delaware law. Neither Kana
nor Broadbase have instituted cumulative voting.

   Vacancy on the Board of Directors and Removal of Directors. Delaware law
allows any vacancy on the board of directors to be filled by a majority of the
directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director, unless otherwise provided for in the certificate of incorporation or
bylaws. Also, directors of Delaware corporations with staggered boards may only
be removed at an election of directors for cause by a majority of shares
entitled to vote at such meeting.

   Both Kana and Broadbase have adopted Delaware's provisions for filling board
vacancies and for the removal of any of either company's directors. Currently,
Kana has three vacancies on its board of directors and Broadbase has one. If
the merger is consummated, then immediately following the merger Kana would
have four vacancies on its board of directors. These provisions prevent a
stockholder from enlarging the board of directors and filling the new
directorships with such stockholder's own nominees without the approval of the
existing board of directors.

   Directors' Committees. Under Delaware law, a board of directors may
designate one or more committees, which consist of one or more directors.
Except as provided for in the resolution of the board of directors or the
bylaws, a committee of a Delaware corporation shall have and exercise all the
powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the corporation. However, no such committee shall have
power to approve, adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter
require by law to be submitted to the stockholders for approval or to adopt,
amend, or repeal any bylaw of the corporation. Kana's bylaws provide that the
board of directors may by the vote of a majority of the board of directors
designate one or more committees of the board, each comprised of one or more
members of the board. To the extent provided in a resolution of Kana's board of
directors, these committees may exercise all the powers and authority of the
board of directors in the management of Kana, including, if the resolution
expressly provides, the declaration of a dividend or the issuance of stock,
except that no committee may:

  . amend Kana's certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

  . adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation;

  . recommend the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of
    Kana's assets; or

  . recommend dissolution or revocation of a dissolution of Kana.

   Broadbase's bylaws provide that a majority of the board of directors may
designate one or more committees of the board. To the extent provided in a
resolution of the Broadbase board of directors, any committees of the Broadbase
board of directors may exercise all the powers and authority of the board in
the management of the business and affairs of Broadbase, except that no
committee may:

  . approve or adopt, or recommend to Broadbase's stockholders, any action or
    matter expressly required by law to be submitted to stockholders for
    approval; or

  . adopt, amend or repeal any bylaws of Broadbase.

   Supermajority Voting. Kana's certificate of incorporation requires the
approval of the holders of 66 2/3% of its outstanding voting stock to effect
certain amendments to the certificate of incorporation with respect to:

  . the vote necessary to amend its bylaws or certificate of incorporation;

  . the size, classification and method of election of its board of
    directors;

  . the conduct of stockholders' meetings and stockholder action by written
    consent; and

  . indemnification of its directors, officers and others.

   In addition, Kana's certificate of incorporation provides that directors are
removable only by the vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of Kana's outstanding
voting capital stock. Kana's bylaws may be amended by the majority vote of the
board of directors or by the vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of Kana's
outstanding voting capital stock. Neither Broadbase's certificate of
incorporation nor its bylaws require a supermajority vote of Broadbase's
stockholders to approve any action.

   Special Meeting of Stockholders. Delaware law provides that the board of
directors or any other person may call a special meeting of stockholders as so
authorized by a corporation's charter documents. Kana's certificate of
incorporation provides that special meetings of stockholders of Kana may only
be called by its board of directors. This provision prevents Kana stockholders
from initiating or effecting any action by calling a special meeting of the
stockholders.

   Broadbase's bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders of
Broadbase may only be called by the board of directors, the chairperson of the
board of directors, a majority of the members of the board of directors,
Broadbase's chief executive officer, Broadbase's president or the holders of
shares that are entitled to cast at least a ten-percent of the total number of
votes entitled to be cast by all stockholders at such meeting.

   No Stockholder Action by Written Consent. Unless otherwise indicated in a
corporation's certificate of incorporation, stockholders of a Delaware
corporation are entitled by law to take any action without a meeting, prior
notice or vote if holders of enough shares of voting stock to carry the action
at such a meeting consent in writing to take such action without a stockholder
meeting. Kana's certificate of incorporation provides that Kana's stockholders
may take action only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of Kana
and shall have no right to take any action by written consent without a
meeting. Broadbase's certificate of incorporation and bylaws similarly provide
that stockholder action may only be taken at a duly called annual or special
meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written consent. These
provisions, taken together, prevent stockholders from forcing consideration by
the stockholders of stockholder proposals over the opposition of the board of
directors, except at an annual or special meeting.

   Record Date for Determining Stockholders. Delaware provides that the board
may fix a date to determine the stockholders entitled to notice of and vote at
any meeting of stockholders that is not more than 60 days nor less than 10 days
before the date of such meeting. Both Kana and Broadbase have adopted this
provision.

   Notice of Board Nominations and Other Stockholder Business--Annual
Meetings. Delaware provides that any proper business may be transacted at a
corporation's annual meeting. Kana's bylaws establish advance notice procedures
with respect to all stockholder proposals to be brought before meetings of
stockholders of Kana, including proposals relating to board nominations, the
removal of directors and amendments to its certificate of incorporation or
bylaws. These procedures provide that such notice must contain the consent of
any nominee for election to the board of directors as well as certain
information with respect to such nominee, a brief description of and reasons
for any business desired to be brought before a meeting, the ownership interest
of the proposing stockholder and certain other information. Generally, to be
timely, notice must be received by Kana's secretary not less than 120 days
prior to the meeting.

   Under the notice procedure in its bylaws, Broadbase must receive notice of
stockholder nominations or proposals to be made at an annual not less than 60
days nor more than 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the
preceding year's annual meeting. In the event that the date of the annual
meeting is either thirty days before or sixty days after such anniversary date,
Broadbase must receive notice not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior
to such date or 10 days following the day on which Broadbase publicly announces
its annual meeting. However, if the number of directors to be elected to the
board of directors is increased and Broadbase fails to make a public
announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of
the increased board of directors at least 70 days prior to the first
anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, then notice must be
received not later than the 10th day following the day such public disclosure
was made. In such case, the notice will be timely only with respect to any
director nominees for any position caused by the increase in the board of
directors.

   Adequate notice to Broadbase stockholders must contain:

  . for each proposed board nominee, all information required to be disclosed
    about such person for a solicitation of proxies or pursuant to Regulation
    14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
    written consent of the person nominated;

  . as to all other proposed business, a brief description of the proposal,
    the reasons for presenting the proposal at the annual meeting, and any
    material interest of the proposing stockholder or any related beneficial
    owner, if necessary; and

  . if proposed on behalf of a beneficial owner, the name and address of the
    proposing stockholder and beneficial owner and the class and numbers of
    shares owned by the proposing stockholder and the beneficial owner.

   Neither Broadbase's nor Kana's bylaws give their respective boards of
directors any power to approve or disapprove stockholder board nominations or
proposals for annual meetings. However, if Kana's or Broadbase's proper advance
notice procedures are not followed with respect to a particular nomination or
proposal, then the nomination or proposal will not be considered at the annual
meeting without regard to whether consideration, or the lack thereof, of such
nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to Kana, Broadbase, or
either company's stockholders. The notice procedure of each company may prevent
a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder
proposals at an annual meeting. These procedures could also deter a third party
from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors
or to approve its own proposal at an annual meeting.

   Notice of Board Nominations and Other Stockholder Business--Special
Meetings. Delaware law does not mandate any particular procedures for
stockholders to provide adequate notice of any proposed business. Kana's bylaws
do not distinguish between the procedure for providing notice of board
nominations and other stockholder business for its annual meetings of
stockholders and those for its special meetings of stockholders.

   Broadbase's certificate of incorporation limits the business transacted at a
special meeting of stockholders to those purposes stated in the notice of such
meeting. The bylaws of Broadbase require that notice of stockholder nominations
to be made at a special meeting called by the board of directors for the
purpose of electing one or more directors must be received not earlier than the
90th day prior to such special meeting nor later than the close of business on
the 60th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day
public disclosure of the special meeting and the nominees proposed by the board
of directors to be elected at such meeting was made. These notices must contain
the same information as those for the annual meeting.

   Neither Broadbase's nor Kana's bylaws give the board of directors any power
to approve or disapprove stockholder board nominations or proposals for special
meetings. However, if Kana's or Broadbase's proper advance notice procedures
are not followed with respect to a particular nomination or proposal, then the
nomination or proposal will not be considered at the special meeting without
regard to whether consideration, or the lack thereof, of such nominees or
proposals might be harmful or beneficial to Kana, Broadbase, or either
company's stockholders. The notice procedure of each company may prevent a
contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder
proposals at a special meeting. These procedures could also deter a third party
from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors
or to approve its own proposal at a special meeting.

   Limitations of Liability of Directors. Kana's certificate of incorporation
eliminates, to the maximum extent allowed by the Delaware General Corporation
Law, a director's personal liability to Kana or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breaches of fiduciary duties. The certificate of incorporation does
not, however, eliminate or limit the personal liability of a director for the
following:

  . any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Kana or its stockholders;

  . acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional
    misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

  . unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or
    redemptions; or

  . any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
    benefit.

   Broadbase