URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/874016/000091205701513750/0000912057-01-513750.txt

NHOUSE CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		KEYSTONE PK
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2157854000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 RITTENHOUSE CIRCLE
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19007

S-4

a2048114zs-4.txt

S-4

      AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON MAY 8, 2001
                                                     REGISTRATION NO. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                         ------------------------------
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                         ------------------------------
                           JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         PENNSYLVANIA                      6179                    06-0935166
 (State or other jurisdiction        (Primary Standard         (I.R.S. Employer
              of                        Industrial            Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)  Classification Code Number)

                             250 RITTENHOUSE CIRCLE
                          BRISTOL, PENNSYLVANIA 19007
                                 (215) 785-4000
         (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including
            area code, of registrant's principal executive offices)

                              IRA M. DANSKY, ESQ.
                           JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.
                                 1411 BROADWAY
                            NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10018
                                 (212) 536-9526

 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)
                         ------------------------------

                                   COPIES TO:

             ALLEN FINKELSON, ESQ.                                   BRADLEY P. COST, ESQ.
             SCOTT A. BARSHAY, ESQ.                                          Torys
            Cravath, Swaine & Moore                                     237 Park Avenue
                Worldwide Plaza                                     New York, New York 10017
               825 Eighth Avenue                                         (212) 880-6000
            New York, New York 10019
                 (212) 474-1000

                         ------------------------------

   APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE OF THE SECURITIES TO THE
                                    PUBLIC:
               UPON COMPLETION OF THE MERGER REFERRED TO HEREIN.
                         ------------------------------

    If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. / /

    If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. / /
- ------------

    If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. / /
- ------------
                         ------------------------------

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

                                                                    PROPOSED MAXIMUM     PROPOSED MAXIMUM
           TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF                AMOUNT TO BE      OFFERING PRICE PER   AGGREGATE OFFERING        AMOUNT OF
       SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED(1)             REGISTERED              UNIT                 PRICE          REGISTRATION FEE

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share.....     4,409,814(2)              N/A            $175,297,900(3)          $43,825

(1) This Registration Statement relates to securities of the registrant issuable
    to holders of common stock, par value $0.01 per share ("McNaughton common
    stock"), of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc., a Delaware corporation
    ("McNaughton"), pursuant to the proposed merger of McNaughton with and into
    MCN Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
    of the registrant.
(2) Based on the maximum number of shares to be issued in connection with the
    merger, calculated as the product of (a) 15,637,636, the aggregate number of
    shares of McNaughton common stock outstanding on May 2, 2001 (other than
    shares owned by McNaughton, MCN Acquisition Corp. or the registrant) or
    issuable pursuant to the exercise of outstanding options prior to the date
    the merger is expected to be completed and (b) an assumed exchange ratio of
    0.2820 shares of the registrant's common stock for each share of McNaughton
    common stock.
(3) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee
    required by Section 6(b) of the Securities Act, and calculated pursuant to
    Rule 457(f) under the Securities Act. Pursuant to Rules 457(f)(1) and
    457(f)(3) under the Securities Act, the proposed maximum aggregate offering
    price of the registrant's common stock was calculated based upon (a) the
    market value of shares of McNaughton common stock (the securities to be
    cancelled in the merger) in accordance with Rule 457(c) under the Securities
    Act, determined as the product of (i) $21.71, the average of the high and
    low prices per share of McNaughton common stock on May 2, 2001, as reported
    on The Nasdaq Stock Market, and (ii) 15,637,636, the aggregate number of
    shares of McNaughton common stock outstanding as of May 2, 2001 or issuable
    pursuant to the exercise of outstanding options prior to the date the merger
    is expected to be completed, less (b) the cash to be paid by the registrant
    in connection with the exchange of such aggregate number of shares of
    McNaughton common stock.
                         ------------------------------

    THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(A),
MAY DETERMINE.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION OR AMENDMENT. A REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING TO THESE
SECURITIES HAS BEEN FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. THESE
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD NOR MAY OFFERS TO BUY BE ACCEPTED PRIOR TO THE TIME
THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT BECOMES EFFECTIVE. THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY
NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY SALES OF THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE IN WHICH SUCH
OFFER, SOLICITATION OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL PRIOR TO REGISTRATION OR
QUALIFICATION UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY SUCH STATE.

               PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT--SUBJECT TO COMPLETION

                               [McNaughton LOGO]

                                                                 May [ - ], 2001

Dear Stockholder:

    You are cordially invited to attend the special meeting of stockholders of
McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. to be held on June [ - ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m.,
local time, at [ADDRESS].

    At the special meeting, we will ask you to consider and vote on the proposed
merger of McNaughton with a subsidiary of Jones Apparel Group, Inc. In the
merger, you will be entitled to receive $10.50 in cash and 0.2820 shares of
Jones common stock per share of McNaughton common stock if the average of the
closing prices of Jones common stock for the five consecutive trading days
ending with the second trading day prior to, and excluding, the closing date is
greater than or equal to $29.78 and less than or equal to $44.68. However, if
the five-day average price is greater than $44.68, for each share of McNaughton
common stock you will be entitled to receive $10.50 in cash and a fraction of a
share of Jones common stock with a value equal to $12.60 based on the five-day
average price, and if the five-day average price is less than $29.78, for each
share of McNaughton common stock you will be entitled to receive $10.50 in cash
and a fraction of a share of Jones common stock with a value equal to $8.40
based on the five-day average price.

    Jones common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the
trading symbol "JNY" and on May [ - ], 2001, its closing price was $[ - ] per
share. If this closing price was the five-day average price referred to above,
after completion of the merger you would have been entitled to receive $10.50 in
cash and 0.2820 shares of Jones common stock, which together would have a total
consideration value of $[ - ] per share of McNaughton common stock. You will be
entitled to receive cash for any fractional share of Jones common stock that you
would otherwise be entitled to receive in the merger. You will not incur federal
income tax as a result of the merger, except on cash received as part of the
merger consideration and on any cash received for fractional shares or because
of the exercise of appraisal rights.

    In order to complete the merger, the stockholders of McNaughton must adopt
the merger agreement. The McNaughton board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger agreement and recommends that you vote for the adoption of the merger
agreement. Information about the proposed merger is contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus. WE URGE YOU TO READ THIS DOCUMENT, INCLUDING THE SECTION
DESCRIBING RISK FACTORS THAT BEGINS ON PAGE 12.

    Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares you own. To vote
your shares, you may use the enclosed proxy card, or you may attend the special
meeting of stockholders. IF YOU DO NOT VOTE, IT WILL HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS
VOTING AGAINST THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

    I strongly support the proposed merger and join our board of directors in
enthusiastically recommending that you vote for the adoption of the merger
agreement.

                                               Sincerely,

                                               Peter Boneparth
                                               CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

    Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
regulator has approved or disapproved the merger described in this proxy
statement/prospectus or the Jones common stock to be issued in connection with
the merger, or determined if this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate or
complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

    This proxy statement/prospectus is dated May [ - ], 2001, and is first being
mailed to stockholders on or about May [ - ], 2001.

                         MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.

                                ----------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                         TO BE HELD ON JUNE [ - ], 2001

                            ------------------------

To the Stockholders of MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.:

    We will hold a special meeting of the stockholders of McNaughton Apparel
Group Inc. on [ - ], June [ - ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m., local time, at [ADDRESS]
for the following purpose:

    1.  To consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
       Merger, dated as of April 13, 2001, among Jones Apparel Group, Inc., a
       direct wholly owned subsidiary of Jones and McNaughton Apparel
       Group Inc. In the merger, McNaughton will become a wholly owned
       subsidiary of Jones, and all outstanding shares of McNaughton common
       stock, other than any shares held by parties to the merger agreement or
       stockholders who perfect their statutory appraisal rights under Delaware
       law, will be converted into the right to receive an amount of cash and a
       number of shares of Jones common stock based on an exchange ratio to be
       calculated based on the average closing prices of Jones common stock
       shortly prior to the completion of the merger.

    2.  To transact such other business as may properly come before the special
       meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.

    These items of business are described in the attached proxy
statement/prospectus. Only holders of record of shares of McNaughton common
stock at the close of business on May [ - ], 2001, the record date for the
special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting
and any adjournments or postponements of it.

    Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own.
Please submit your proxy as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are
represented at the meeting. To vote your shares, you may complete and return the
enclosed proxy card. If you are a holder of record, you may also cast your vote
in person at the special meeting. If your shares are held in an account at a
brokerage firm or bank, you must instruct them on how to vote your shares. If
you do not vote or do not instruct your broker or bank on how to vote, it will
have the same effect as voting against the adoption of the merger agreement.

    Please do not send any stock certificates at this time.

    McNaughton stockholders who do not vote in favor of adoption of the merger
agreement have the right to demand appraisal of their shares of McNaughton
common stock and to receive payment in cash for the fair value of their shares
as determined by the Delaware Chancery Court. A copy of the provision of
Delaware law that grants appraisal rights and specifies the required procedures
for demanding appraisal is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex
C.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,
                                          Amanda J. Bokman
                                          SECRETARY

New York, New York
May [ - ], 2001

                             ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

    This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Jones and McNaughton from other documents that are
not included in or delivered with this proxy statement/prospectus. This
information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral
request. You can obtain the documents incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the
appropriate company at the following addresses and telephone numbers:

        JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.                MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.
          250 Rittenhouse Drive                       463 Seventh Avenue
            Bristol, PA 19007                         New York, NY 10018
      Attention: Investor Relations              Attention: Investor Relations
        Telephone: (215) 785-4000                  Telephone: (212) 947-2960

    IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS, PLEASE DO SO BY JUNE [-], 2001 IN
ORDER TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE SPECIAL MEETING.

    See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 67.

                               Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of
  the State of Delaware
           (Appraisal Rights)...............................    C-1

                                       ii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO MCNAUGHTON AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER?

A: If the merger is completed, McNaughton will become a wholly owned subsidiary
    of Jones.

Q: WHAT STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL IS NEEDED?

A: The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
    of McNaughton common stock is required to adopt the merger agreement. No
    vote of Jones stockholders is required in connection with the merger.

Q: WHEN DO MCNAUGHTON AND JONES EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

A: McNaughton and Jones are working to complete the merger as quickly as
    possible. The companies expect to complete the merger by early in the third
    calendar quarter of 2001.

Q: WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
    proxy statement/prospectus, please respond by completing, signing and dating
    your proxy card and returning it in the enclosed postage paid envelope as
    soon as possible, so that your shares may be represented at the special
    meeting.

Q: WHAT IF I DO NOT VOTE?

A. - If you fail to respond, it will have the same effect as a vote against the
     adoption of the merger agreement.

    - If you respond and do not indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will
      be counted as a vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    - If you respond and abstain from voting, your proxy will have the same
      effect as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE MAILED MY SIGNED PROXY?

A: Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the
    special meeting. You can do this in one of three ways. First, you can send a
    written notice stating that you would like to revoke your proxy. Second, you
    can complete and submit a new proxy. If you choose either of these two
    methods, you must submit your notice of revocation or your new proxy to the
    Secretary of McNaughton at 463 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10018, before
    the special meeting. If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage
    firm or a bank, you should contact your brokerage firm or bank to change
    your vote. Third, if you are a holder of record, you can attend the special
    meeting and vote in person. However, merely attending the special meeting,
    without voting in person, will not revoke any proxy previously delivered by
    you.

Q: IF MY MCNAUGHTON SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY
    BROKER VOTE MY SHARES FOR ME?

A: Your broker will vote your McNaughton shares only if you provide instructions
    on how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by your broker
    regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. Without
    instructions, your shares will not be voted, which will have the same effect
    as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q: SHOULD I SEND IN MY STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A: No. After the merger is completed, you will receive written instructions for
    exchanging your stock certificates. Please do not send in your stock
    certificates with your proxy.

Q: WHO CAN HELP ANSWER MY QUESTIONS?

A: If you have any questions about the merger, or if you need additional copies
    of this proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, you should
    contact:

    MACKENZIE PARTNERS, INC.
    156 Fifth Avenue
    New York, NY 10010
    Telephone: (800) 322-2885

    or

    MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.
    Attention: Investor Relations
    463 Seventh Avenue
    New York, NY 10018
    Telephone: (212) 947-2960

                                    SUMMARY

    THIS SUMMARY HIGHLIGHTS SELECTED INFORMATION FROM THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND MAY NOT CONTAIN ALL OF THE INFORMATION THAT IS
IMPORTANT TO YOU. TO UNDERSTAND THE MERGER FULLY AND FOR A MORE COMPLETE
DESCRIPTION OF THE TERMS OF THE MERGER, YOU SHOULD READ CAREFULLY THIS ENTIRE
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND THE OTHER DOCUMENTS TO WHICH WE HAVE REFERRED
YOU, INCLUDING IN PARTICULAR THE COPY OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE OPINION OF
MERRILL LYNCH THAT ARE ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEXES A
AND B, RESPECTIVELY. IN ADDITION, WE INCORPORATE BY REFERENCE IMPORTANT BUSINESS
AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT JONES AND MCNAUGHTON INTO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. YOU MAY OBTAIN THE INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WITHOUT CHARGE BY FOLLOWING THE
INSTRUCTIONS IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION" ON
PAGE 67.

                                 THE COMPANIES

MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.
463 Seventh Avenue
New York, NY 10018
(212) 947-2960

    McNaughton designs, contracts for the manufacture of and markets a broad
line of brand name, moderately-priced women's and juniors' career and casual
clothing. McNaughton's product lines include collections of related separates
coordinated by color and style, as well as casual weekend wear and related
knitwear separates. McNaughton markets its products under its nationally known
labels, including NORTON MCNAUGHTON-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-, NORTON
STUDIO-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-, ERIKA-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-,
ENERGIE-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-, CURRANTS-REGISTERED TRADEMARK- and JAMIE
SCOTT-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-.

JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.
250 Rittenhouse Circle
Keystone Park
Bristol, PA 19007
(215) 785-4000

    Jones is a leading designer and marketer of branded apparel, footwear and
accessories. Jones' nationally recognized brands include: JONES NEW
YORK-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; LAUREN BY RALPH LAUREN-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-, RALPH
BY RALPH LAUREN-REGISTERED TRADEMARK- and POLO JEANS
COMPANY-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-, which are licensed from Polo Ralph Lauren
Corporation; EVAN-PICONE-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; RENA
ROWAN-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; TODD OLDHAM-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; NINE
WEST-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; EASY SPIRIT-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; ENZO
ANGIOLINI-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; BANDOLINO-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-;
NAPIER-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-; and JUDITH JACK-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-. Jones also
markets costume jewelry under the TOMMY HILFIGER-REGISTERED TRADEMARK- brand
licensed from Tommy Hilfiger Corporation and the GIVENCHY-REGISTERED TRADEMARK-
brand licensed from Givenchy Corporation. Celebrating more than 30 years of
service, Jones has built a reputation for excellence in product quality and
value, and in operational execution.
                                    GENERAL

WHAT MCNAUGHTON STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE PURSUANT TO THE MERGER
(PAGE 33)

    Pursuant to the merger, for each share of McNaughton common stock that they
own, McNaughton stockholders will be entitled to receive $10.50 in cash and a
fraction of a share of Jones common stock, based on an exchange ratio. The
exchange ratio is based on the average of the closing prices of Jones common
stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days
ending with the second trading day prior to, and excluding, the closing date and
will be calculated as follows:

    - if the five-day average price of Jones common stock as calculated above is
      greater than or equal to $29.78 and less than or equal to $44.68, the
      exchange ratio will equal 0.2820,

    - if the five-day average price is greater than $44.68, the exchange ratio
      will equal $12.60 divided by the five-day average price, and

    - if the five-day average price is less than $29.78, the exchange ratio will
      equal $8.40 divided by the five-day average price.

    This means that the value of the portion of the merger consideration
consisting of shares of Jones common stock (based on the five-day average price)
will never be less than $8.40 or greater than $12.60, and, therefore, the total
merger consideration will never be less than $18.90 or greater than $23.10.
McNaughton stockholders will be entitled to receive cash for any fractional
shares of Jones common stock which they would otherwise be entitled to receive
pursuant to the merger.

    On May [ - ], 2001, Jones common stock closed at $[ - ] per share on the New
York Stock Exchange. If this were the five-day average price of Jones common
stock described above, then, because the five-day average price is greater than
$29.78 but less than $44.68, the exchange ratio would be equal to 0.2820, and
McNaughton stockholders would be entitled to receive 0.2820 of a share of Jones
common stock plus $10.50 in cash in exchange for each share of McNaughton common
stock. Based on the five-day average price of Jones common stock, this would
result in McNaughton stockholders receiving a total value of $[ - ] for each
share of McNaughton common stock.

    Set forth below is a table showing a range of prices of Jones common stock
and, for each price, the corresponding exchange ratio and total value of the
merger consideration for each share of McNaughton common stock (based on the
applicable five-day average price of Jones common stock). The total value of the
merger consideration for each share of McNaughton common stock is the sum of the
values of the stock portion and cash portion of the merger consideration.

                                                                   TOTAL VALUE OF
                                     VALUE OF                          MERGER
       AVERAGE                         STOCK       VALUE OF CASH   CONSIDERATION
    CLOSING PRICE                   PORTION OF      PORTION OF     FOR EACH SHARE
      OF JONES          EXCHANGE      MERGER          MERGER       OF MCNAUGHTON
    COMMON STOCK         RATIO     CONSIDERATION   CONSIDERATION    COMMON STOCK
- ---------------------   --------   -------------   -------------   --------------

       $50.00            0.2520        $12.60          $10.50          $23.10
        49.00            0.2571         12.60           10.50           23.10
        48.00            0.2625         12.60           10.50           23.10
        47.00            0.2681         12.60           10.50           23.10
        46.00            0.2739         12.60           10.50           23.10
        45.00            0.2800         12.60           10.50           23.10
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        44.68            0.2820         12.60           10.50           23.10
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        44.00            0.2820         12.41           10.50           22.91
        43.00            0.2820         12.13           10.50           22.63
        42.00            0.2820         11.84           10.50           22.34
        41.00            0.2820         11.56           10.50           22.06
        40.00            0.2820         11.28           10.50           21.78
        39.00            0.2820         11.00           10.50           21.50
        38.00            0.2820         10.72           10.50           21.22
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        37.23            0.2820         10.50           10.50           21.00
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        37.00            0.2820         10.43           10.50           20.93
        36.00            0.2820         10.15           10.50           20.65
        35.00            0.2820          9.87           10.50           20.37
        34.00            0.2820          9.59           10.50           20.09
        33.00            0.2820          9.31           10.50           19.81
        32.00            0.2820          9.02           10.50           19.52
        31.00            0.2820          8.74           10.50           19.24
        30.00            0.2820          8.46           10.50           18.96
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        29.78            0.2820          8.40           10.50           18.90
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        29.00            0.2897          8.40           10.50           18.90
        28.00            0.3000          8.40           10.50           18.90
        27.00            0.3111          8.40           10.50           18.90
        26.00            0.3231          8.40           10.50           18.90
        25.00            0.3360          8.40           10.50           18.90
        24.00            0.3500          8.40           10.50           18.90

    The market value of Jones common stock on the day the merger is completed
may be different than the five-day average price of Jones common stock used in
determining the exchange ratio. As a result, the market value on the closing
date of the shares of Jones common stock that you receive pursuant to the merger
may be more or less than the value indicated on the table above.

OWNERSHIP OF JONES FOLLOWING THE MERGER

    Based on the number of outstanding shares of McNaughton common stock on the
record date and the closing price of Jones common stock on May [ - ], 2001,
McNaughton stockholders will be entitled to receive approximately [ - ] shares
of Jones common stock pursuant to the merger. Based on that number and on the
number of outstanding shares of Jones common stock on May [ - ], 2001,
McNaughton stockholders will be entitled to own approximately [ - ]% of the
outstanding shares of Jones common stock following the merger.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS (PAGE 40)

    McNaughton stockholders have the right under Delaware law to exercise
appraisal rights and to receive payment in cash for the fair value of their
shares of McNaughton common stock as determined by the Delaware Chancery Court.
The fair value of shares of McNaughton common stock as determined by the
Delaware Chancery Court may be more or less than or the same as the value of the
merger consideration to be paid to McNaughton stockholders who do not exercise
appraisal rights. To exercise appraisal rights, McNaughton stockholders must not
vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and must precisely follow
specific procedures, or the appraisal rights may be lost. These procedures are
described in this proxy statement/prospectus, and the relevant provision of
Delaware law is attached as Annex C.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER (PAGE 35)

    The merger is intended to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, so that holders of McNaughton
common stock will not

recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result
of the merger, except to the extent of any cash received as part of the merger
consideration and any cash received instead of fractional shares of Jones common
stock or because of the exercise of appraisal rights. The merger is conditioned
on the receipt of legal opinions that the merger will qualify as a
reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes. Under certain
circumstances, the Jones common stock portion of the merger consideration may be
increased and the cash portion of the merger consideration may be decreased in
order to enable such legal opinions to be delivered and the merger to qualify as
a reorganization for federal income tax purposes.

    TAX MATTERS ARE VERY COMPLICATED, AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO
YOU WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF YOUR OWN SITUATION. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN
TAX ADVISOR FOR A FULL UNDERSTANDING OF THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO
YOU.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDATION TO STOCKHOLDERS (PAGE 21)

    The McNaughton board of directors has declared that the merger and the
merger agreement are advisable and in the best interests of McNaughton
stockholders and unanimously voted to approve the merger agreement and
unanimously recommends that the stockholders vote "FOR" the adoption of the
merger agreement.

FAIRNESS OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR (PAGE 22)

    In deciding to approve the merger, the McNaughton board of directors
considered the opinion of its financial advisor, Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated, dated April 13, 2001, that the merger consideration
to be received by McNaughton stockholders other than Jones and its affiliates
pursuant to the merger is fair from a financial point of view to those
stockholders. The full text of the Merrill Lynch opinion is attached as Annex B
to this proxy statement/prospectus. YOU ARE URGED TO READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY
AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER (PAGE 30)
    In considering the recommendation of the McNaughton board of directors in
favor of adoption of the merger agreement, McNaughton stockholders should be
aware that several McNaughton directors and executive officers have interests in
the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of
McNaughton stockholders generally. The McNaughton board of directors was aware
of and considered these interests when it considered and approved the merger
agreement. These interests include:

    - the continuance of directors' and officers' liability insurance, rights of
      indemnification and advancement of expenses, in each case, for the benefit
      of current and former McNaughton directors and executive officers,

    - the payment of $60,000 to each non-employee director of McNaughton in
      recognition of their services to McNaughton, including in connection with
      the proposed merger, and

    - the accelerated vesting of all stock options of McNaughton, including
      stock options held by McNaughton directors and executive officers.

    In addition, Jones has entered into an employment agreement dated as of
April 13, 2001 with Peter Boneparth, who is currently Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and President of McNaughton. The employment agreement provides that
Jones will employ Mr. Boneparth as Chief Executive Officer and President of
McNaughton for three years following the merger. The merger agreement and
employment agreement further provide that the Jones board of directors will take
all action necessary to elect Mr. Boneparth as a member of the Jones board of
directors effective after the merger.

    Finally, Amanda J. Bokman, McNaughton's Chief Financial Officer, will
receive $400,000 upon closing of the merger in lieu of the bonus otherwise
payable to Ms. Bokman for McNaughton's 2001 fiscal year and $300,000 under
specified circumstances following the closing of the merger.

MATERIAL DIFFERENCES BETWEEN RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF COMMON STOCK OF JONES AND
MCNAUGHTON (PAGE 54)

    McNaughton stockholders, whose rights are currently governed by McNaughton's
amended certificate of incorporation, amended by-laws and Delaware law, will,
upon completion of the merger, become stockholders of Jones, and their rights
will be governed by Jones' amended and restated articles of incorporation,
amended by-laws and Pennsylvania law.

                         THE SPECIAL MEETING (PAGE 16)

    We will hold a special meeting of McNaughton stockholders on [ - ], June
[ - ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m., local time, at [ADDRESS]. At the special meeting,
stockholders will be asked to adopt the merger agreement.

RECORD DATE; VOTING POWER (PAGE 16)

    McNaughton stockholders are entitled to vote at the special meeting if they
owned shares of McNaughton common stock as of the close of business on May
[ - ], 2001, the record date.

    On the record date, there were [ - ] shares of McNaughton common stock
entitled to vote at the special meeting. Stockholders will have one vote at the
special meeting for each share of McNaughton common stock that they owned on the
record date.

VOTE REQUIRED (PAGE 16)

    The adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of
stockholders holding a majority of the shares of McNaughton common stock
outstanding on the record date.

VOTING BY MCNAUGHTON DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (PAGE 16)

    On the record date, directors and executive officers of McNaughton and their
affiliates owned and were entitled to vote [ - ] shares of McNaughton common
stock, or approximately [ - ]% of the shares of McNaughton common stock
outstanding on the record date. The directors and executive officers of
McNaughton have indicated that they intend to vote the McNaughton common stock
owned by them in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

                              THE MERGER (PAGE 18)

    THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX A TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THE MERGER AGREEMENT BECAUSE IT
IS THE PRINCIPAL DOCUMENT GOVERNING THE MERGER.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER (PAGE 43)

    Jones and McNaughton will complete the merger only if specified conditions
are satisfied or waived, including the following:

    - the merger agreement must be adopted by McNaughton stockholders,

    - the shares of Jones common stock to be issued to McNaughton stockholders
      and optionholders as a result of the merger must be approved for listing
      on the New York Stock Exchange,

    - the waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
      Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 or any similar law must expire or
      terminate,

    - no temporary restraining order, injunction or other court order or decree
      or legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of the merger may
      be in effect,

    - the absence of any stop order or proceeding seeking a stop order with
      respect to the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy
      statement/ prospectus forms a part,

    - the representations and warranties in the merger agreement which are
      qualified as to materiality, including that there not have been a material
      adverse effect on McNaughton or Jones, must be true and correct, and those
      which are not so qualified must be true and correct in all material
      respects,

    - the obligations of each party in the merger agreement must be performed in
      all material respects, and

    - each party must receive an opinion of tax counsel to the effect that the
      merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization.

    In addition, Jones will complete the merger only if the following additional
conditions are satisfied or waived:

    - Jones must receive from each affiliate of McNaughton an executed agreement
      relating to sales of Jones common stock received pursuant to the merger
      substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the merger agreement,

    - there must not be pending any suit, action or proceeding by any
      governmental entity seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion of the
      merger, or to materially limit the ownership, operation or control by
      Jones of McNaughton,

    - there must not be pending any suit, action or proceeding brought by any
      third party other than a governmental entity against McNaughton or any of
      its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to succeed, except for
      suits, actions or proceedings that could not reasonably be expected to
      have a material adverse effect on McNaughton, and

    - Jones must receive evidence that all consents and approvals of
      governmental entities required in connection with the merger agreement
      have been obtained, except those the failure of which to be obtained could
      not reasonably be expected to restrain or prohibit the completion of the
      merger or materially limit the ownership, operation or control by Jones of
      McNaughton in specified material respects.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (PAGE 46)

    The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to completion of
the merger, even if the merger agreement has been adopted by McNaughton
stockholders:

    - by mutual written consent of Jones and McNaughton,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if the merger has not been completed by
      November 30, 2001,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if there exists a final and nonappealable
      restraining order, injunction or other court order or decree or other
      legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of the merger,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if McNaughton stockholders do not adopt the
      merger agreement at a duly held stockholders meeting,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if the other party has breached any of its
      representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
      agreement, which breach would result in a failure of a condition to the
      merger to be satisfied and cannot or has not been cured within ten
      business days of notice,

    - by Jones, if the McNaughton board of directors or any committee of the
      McNaughton board of directors:

        - withdraws, or modifies in a manner adverse to Jones, or proposes
          publicly to withdraw or so modify, its recommendation of the merger
          agreement or the merger,

        - determines, or proposes publicly to determine, that the merger
          agreement or the merger is no longer advisable,

        - recommends, or proposes publicly to recommend, that McNaughton
          stockholders reject the merger agreement or the merger,

        - recommends, or proposes publicly to recommend, an alternative takeover
          proposal, or

        - fails to confirm its recommendation and declaration of advisability of
          the merger agreement and the merger within 15 business days after a
          request by Jones to do so is made following an alternative takeover
          proposal by a third party, or

    - by McNaughton at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder
      approval:

        - in response to an unsolicited bona fide binding written offer by a
          third party to acquire more than 50% of McNaughton common stock or all
          or substantially all the assets of McNaughton and its subsidiaries for
          consideration that the McNaughton board of directors determines in its
          good faith judgment, after consultation with a financial advisor, to
          have a higher value than the consideration to be received by
          McNaughton stockholders in connection with the merger, taking into
          account any changes to the terms of the merger agreement offered by
          Jones, and

        - provided that McNaughton may not so terminate until:

            - after the fourth business day after McNaughton notified Jones that
              it has received an unsolicited bona fide binding offer having a
              higher value as described above, and

            - McNaughton has paid to Jones the termination fee described below.

TERMINATION FEE (PAGE 46)

    The merger agreement provides that McNaughton will pay Jones a termination
fee of $10 million if:

    - Jones or McNaughton terminates the merger agreement under any of the
      circumstances described in the last two bullet points above under
      "--Termination of the Merger Agreement" or

    - the merger agreement is terminated by Jones or McNaughton if:

        - the termination was due to:

            - McNaughton stockholders failing to adopt the merger agreement, or

            - the merger failing to be completed by November 30, 2001,

        - prior to such termination, a third party made a proposal to acquire
          assets or businesses that constitute 20% or more of the total revenue,
          operating income, EBITDA or assets of McNaughton and its subsidiaries,
          taken as a whole, or 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock or
          capital stock or other equity or voting interests in subsidiaries of
          McNaughton holding those assets or businesses, and

        - within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement,
          McNaughton consummates or enters into an agreement with a third party
          providing for the acquisition of assets or businesses that constitute
          35% or more of the total revenue, operating income, EBITDA or assets
          of McNaughton and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 35% or more
          of the McNaughton common stock or capital stock or other equity or
          voting interests in subsidiaries of McNaughton holding those assets or
          businesses.

REGULATORY APPROVALS (PAGE 37)

    United States antitrust laws prohibit Jones and McNaughton from completing
the merger until after they have furnished certain information and materials to
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission, and a required waiting period has ended. Jones and McNaughton each
filed the required notification and report forms with the Antitrust Division and
the Federal Trade Commission on May [ - ], 2001 and have requested an early
termination of the required waiting period. If early termination of the required
waiting period is not granted and a request for additional information by the
relevant antitrust authorities is not made, the waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 will expire at midnight on
June [ - ], 2001.

EXPENSES (PAGE 47)

    Each of Jones and McNaughton will bear all expenses it incurs in connection
with the merger, except that Jones and McNaughton will share equally the
expenses of filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission the registration
statement of which this proxy statement/ prospectus is a part and the printing
and mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus.

                 STOCK PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION (PAGE 52)

    Shares of Jones common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Shares of McNaughton common stock are listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. The
following table presents:

    - the ten-day average sale price or last reported sale price, as applicable,
      of one share of Jones common stock, as reported on the New York Stock
      Exchange Composite Transaction Tape,

    - the ten-day average sale price or last reported sale price, as applicable,
      of one share of McNaughton common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq Stock
      Market, and

    - the value of the consideration to be paid for one share of McNaughton
      common stock on an equivalent per share basis,

in each case on April 12, 2001, the last full trading day before the execution
of the merger agreement, and on May [ - ], 2001, the last day for which such
information could be calculated before the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and assuming that the merger had been completed on these
dates. The equivalent per share data for McNaughton common stock has been
determined by multiplying the ten-day average sale price or last reported sale
price, as applicable, of one share of Jones common stock on each of these dates
by the applicable exchange ratio for the stock portion of the merger
consideration and adding $10.50, the cash portion of the merger consideration,
to that product.

                                                       EQUIVALENT PRICE
                                JONES     MCNAUGHTON      PER SHARE
                                COMMON      COMMON      OF MCNAUGHTON
DATE                            STOCK       STOCK        COMMON STOCK
- ----                           --------   ----------   ----------------

Average sale price for the
ten trading days up to and
including April 12, 2001.....   $37.23      $16.23          $21.00

April 12, 2001...............    35.95       17.40           20.64

May [-], 2001................      [-]         [-]             [-]

    Jones has never paid cash dividends to its stockholders and does not
anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. McNaughton has not
paid cash dividends to its stockholders since its initial public offering in
March 1994.

                       COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION

    The following table shows per share data regarding the earnings and book
value of Jones and McNaughton. All per share data of Jones has been restated to
account for Jones' two-for-one stock splits in 1998 and 1996. Jones completed
its acquisitions of Sun Apparel, Inc. on October 2, 1998, Nine West Group Inc.
on June 15, 1999 and Victoria + Co Ltd. on July 31, 2000, respectively. The
results of operations of Sun, Nine West and Victoria are included in Jones'
operating results from the applicable dates of acquisition. Jones' fiscal year
ends on December 31 and McNaughton's fiscal year ends on October 31, if that is
a Saturday, or otherwise on the first Saturday following October 31.

    THE FOLLOWING UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA IS DERIVED FROM THE
HISTORICAL AUDITED AND UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF JONES AND
MCNAUGHTON. YOU SHOULD READ THE INFORMATION IN THIS SECTION IN CONJUNCTION WITH
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOMPANYING NOTES OF JONES AND MCNAUGHTON THAT ARE
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. SEE "WHERE YOU CAN
FIND MORE INFORMATION" ON PAGE 67.

                                                                      AT OR FOR THE
                                        AT OR FOR THE YEAR ENDED   FISCAL QUARTER ENDED
                                           DECEMBER 31, 2000          APRIL 7, 2001
                                        ------------------------   --------------------
                                                                       (UNAUDITED)

JONES--HISTORICAL
  Basic earnings per share............           $ 2.54                   $ 0.80
  Diluted earnings per share..........             2.48                     0.75
  Book value per share................            12.30                    12.93

                                                                      AT OR FOR THE
                                        AT OR FOR THE YEAR ENDED   THIRTEEN WEEKS ENDED
                                            NOVEMBER 4, 2000         FEBRUARY 3, 2001
                                        ------------------------   --------------------
                                                                       (UNAUDITED)

MCNAUGHTON--HISTORICAL
  Basic earnings per share before
    extraordinary item................           $ 3.39                   $ 0.10
  Diluted earnings per share before
    extraordinary item................             3.05                     0.09
  Book value per share................            10.81                    10.83

            SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF JONES

    The following selected historical financial data of Jones is derived from
audited consolidated financial statements of Jones incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/prospectus. All per share data has been restated to account
for Jones' two-for-one stock splits in 1998 and 1996. Jones completed its
acquisitions of Sun Apparel, Inc. on October 2, 1998, Nine West Group Inc. on
June 15, 1999 and Victoria + Co Ltd. on July 31, 2000, respectively. The results
of operations of Sun, Nine West and Victoria are included in Jones' operating
results from the applicable dates of acquisition.

    YOU SHOULD READ THE INFORMATION IN THIS SECTION IN CONJUNCTION WITH JONES'
HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOMPANYING NOTES INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS. SEE "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION" ON PAGE 67.

                                                             AT OR FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      ----------------------------------------------------
                                                        2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                      --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                        (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

INCOME STATEMENT DATA:
  Revenues..........................................   $4,143     $3,151     $1,685     $1,388     $1,034
  Operating income..................................      605        378        262        197        130
  Net income........................................   $  302     $  188     $  155     $  122     $   81
                                                       ======     ======     ======     ======     ======
  Earnings per share--basic.........................   $ 2.54     $ 1.65     $ 1.52     $ 1.17     $ 0.77
  Earnings per share--diluted.......................     2.48       1.60       1.47       1.13       0.75
  Dividends declared per common share...............       --         --         --         --         --

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Working capital...................................   $  295     $  469     $  458     $  331     $  294
  Total assets......................................    2,979      2,792      1,189        581        488
  Total debt (including capital lease
    obligations)....................................    1,076      1,101        421         32         15
  Stockholders' equity..............................    1,477      1,241        594        436        377

         SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MCNAUGHTON

    The following selected historical financial data of McNaughton for and as of
the end of each of the fiscal years in the five fiscal year period ended
November 4, 2000 is derived from audited historical consolidated financial
statements of McNaughton incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/
prospectus. The financial data for McNaughton for and as of the end of the
thirteen weeks ended February 3, 2001 and February 5, 2000 has been derived from
the unaudited financial statements of McNaughton incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/prospectus. In the opinion of McNaughton's management, all
normal and recurring adjustments and accruals considered necessary for a fair
presentation of such information for the unaudited interim periods have been
included. The operating results for the thirteen weeks ended February 3, 2001
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the
fiscal year ending November 3, 2001.

    YOU SHOULD READ THE INFORMATION IN THIS SECTION IN CONJUNCTION WITH
MCNAUGHTON'S HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOMPANYING NOTES
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. SEE "WHERE YOU CAN
FIND MORE INFORMATION" ON PAGE 67.

                                                   AT OR FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED(1)
                                ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                NOVEMBER 4,    NOVEMBER 6,    OCTOBER 31,    NOVEMBER 1,    NOVEMBER 2,
                                    2000           1999           1998           1997           1996
                                ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------

                                            (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

INCOME STATEMENT DATA:

  Net sales...................    $506,289       $407,812       $344,604       $218,782       $220,823
  Income (loss) from
    operations................      65,421         34,615         13,566         (5,773)(3)      4,781
  Income (loss) before
    extraordinary item........      26,881          8,531            448         (4,705)(3)      1,524
  Net income (loss)...........      26,881          8,531           (713)(2)     (4,705)(3)      1,524
  Basic earnings per share:
    Income (loss) before
      extraordinary item......    $   3.39       $   1.15       $   0.06       $  (0.63)(3)   $   0.20
                                  ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

    Net income (loss).........    $   3.39       $   1.15       $  (0.10)(2)   $  (0.63)(3)   $   0.20
                                  ========       ========       ========       ========       ========
  Diluted earnings per share:
    Income (loss) before
      extraordinary item......    $   3.05       $   1.11       $   0.06       $  (0.63)(3)   $   0.20
                                  ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

    Net income (loss).........    $   3.05       $   1.11       $  (0.10)(2)   $  (0.63)(3)   $   0.20
                                  ========       ========       ========       ========       ========

BALANCE SHEET DATA:

  Working capital.............    $ 33,193       $ 93,607       $103,984       $ 39,312       $ 40,057
  Total assets................     431,312        228,098        201,589        118,762         61,109
  Long-term debt, excluding
    current portion...........     194,000        125,000        125,000         12,000             --
  Stockholders' equity........     105,479         50,067         41,470         42,163         48,286

                                       AT OR FOR THE
                                   THIRTEEN WEEKS ENDED
                                ---------------------------
                                FEBRUARY 3,    FEBRUARY 5,
                                    2001           2000
                                ------------   ------------
                                (UNAUDITED)    (UNAUDITED)
                                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

INCOME STATEMENT DATA:
  Net sales...................    $103,326       $ 87,718
  Income (loss) from
    operations................       9,930          7,722
  Income (loss) before
    extraordinary item........         941          2,117
  Net income (loss)...........         393(4)       2,117
  Basic earnings per share:
    Income (loss) before
      extraordinary item......    $   0.10       $   0.29
                                  ========       ========
    Net income (loss).........    $   0.04(4)    $   0.29
                                  ========       ========
  Diluted earnings per share:
    Income (loss) before
      extraordinary item......    $   0.09       $   0.27
                                  ========       ========
    Net income (loss).........    $   0.04(4)    $   0.27
                                  ========       ========
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Working capital.............    $ 34,309       $ 96,359
  Total assets................     434,463        217,641
  Long-term debt, excluding
    current portion...........     194,000        125,000
  Stockholders' equity........     106,597         51,412

- ------------------------------

(1) McNaughton operates on a 52 or 53-week fiscal year. McNaughton's fiscal year
    ends on October 31, if such date falls on a Saturday, or the first Saturday
    following October 31. Data for the fiscal year ended November 1, 1997
    reflects the acquisition of Miss Erika, Inc. on September 30, 1997. Data for
    the fiscal year ended October 31, 1998 reflects the acquisition of Jeri-Jo
    Knitwear, Inc. on June 18, 1998. Data for all fiscal years shown include the
    results of operations for 52 weeks, except the fiscal year ended
    November 6, 1999, which was a 53-week fiscal year.

(2) Reflects net loss after extraordinary item of approximately $1.2 million, or
    $0.16 per share. As a result of the repayment of long-term indebtedness in
    June 1998, McNaughton wrote off the remaining unamortized balance of
    deferred financing costs of approximately $2.0 million.

(3) Loss from operations for fiscal year 1997 includes special charges of
    approximately $9.4 million. On an after-tax basis, such special charges
    aggregated $5.5 million, or $0.73 per share.

(4) Reflects net income after extraordinary item of approximately $548,000, or
    $0.06 and $0.05 per share on a basic and diluted basis, respectively. As the
    result of the repayment of long-term indebtedness in November 2000,
    McNaughton wrote off the remaining unamortized balance of deferred financing
    costs of approximately $913,000.

                                  RISK FACTORS

    IN ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED AND INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS, YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE MATTERS
DESCRIBED BELOW IN DECIDING WHETHER TO VOTE FOR ADOPTION OF THE MERGER
AGREEMENT.

    THE VALUE OF THE STOCK PORTION OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION YOU ARE BEING
OFFERED WILL VARY BASED ON CHANGES IN THE PRICE OF JONES COMMON STOCK. Upon
completion of the merger, each share of McNaughton common stock will be
converted into the right to receive $10.50 in cash and a fraction of a share of
Jones common stock based on an exchange ratio. If the average of the closing
sale prices of Jones common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the five
consecutive trading days ending with the second trading day prior to, and
excluding, the closing date is greater than or equal to $29.78 and less than or
equal to $44.68, then the exchange ratio at which the shares will be converted
is fixed, and there will be no adjustment for changes in the market price of
Jones common stock. Any change in the price of Jones common stock will affect
the value McNaughton stockholders will be entitled to receive pursuant to the
merger. Furthermore, the value of the shares of Jones common stock being offered
is fixed at $12.60 to the extent the five-day average price of Jones common
stock is greater than $44.68 and is fixed at $8.40 to the extent the five-day
average price of Jones common stock is less than $29.78. This means that
McNaughton stockholders are protected from the decline of the five-day average
price of Jones common stock below $29.78 but will not benefit from any increase
of the five-day average price of Jones common stock above $44.68.

    THE PRICE OF JONES COMMON STOCK AT THE CLOSING OF THE MERGER MAY VARY FROM
ITS PRICES ON THE DATE OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ON THE DATE OF THE
SPECIAL MEETING AND FROM THE FIVE-DAY AVERAGE PRICE REFERRED TO ABOVE. The price
of Jones common stock may vary as a result of changes in the business,
operations or prospects of Jones, market assessments of the likelihood that the
merger will be completed, the timing of the completion of the merger, the
prospects of post-merger operations, general market and economic conditions and
other factors. Because the date that the merger is completed may be later than
the date of the special meeting, the price of Jones common stock on or before
the date of the special meeting may not be indicative of its prices during the
period between the special meeting and the date the merger is completed. In
addition, the price of Jones common stock at the closing of the merger may vary
from the five-day average price on which the exchange ratio will be based. As a
result, the market value on the closing date of the shares of Jones common stock
that you receive pursuant to the merger may be more or less than the value based
on the five-day average. We urge McNaughton stockholders to obtain current
market prices for Jones common stock.

    THE SUCCESSFUL INTEGRATION OF JONES AND MCNAUGHTON FOLLOWING THE MERGER WILL
PRESENT SIGNIFICANT CHALLENGES. Jones and McNaughton believe that the merger
presents opportunities to achieve cost savings, including those in connection
with distribution, sourcing, marketing and overhead reductions. The failure to
integrate McNaughton and Jones successfully, and to manage the challenges
presented by the integration process successfully, may prevent Jones and
McNaughton from achieving these anticipated cost savings.

    THE PRICE OF JONES COMMON STOCK MAY BE AFFECTED BY FACTORS DIFFERENT FROM
THOSE AFFECTING THE PRICE OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK. Upon completion of the
merger, holders of McNaughton common stock will become holders of Jones common
stock. Jones' business differs from that of McNaughton, and Jones' results of
operations, as well as the price of Jones common stock, may be affected by
factors different from those affecting McNaughton's results of operations and
the price of McNaughton common stock. For a discussion of Jones' and
McNaughton's businesses and certain factors to consider in connection with such
businesses, we refer you to the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the annual
reports on Form 10-K that Jones and McNaughton have filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. See "Where You Can Find More Information".

    APPAREL, FOOTWEAR AND ACCESSORIES COMPANIES, LIKE JONES, FACE COMPETITION ON
MANY FRONTS INCLUDING THE FOLLOWING:

    - establishing and maintaining favorable brand recognition,

    - developing products that appeal to consumers,

    - pricing products appropriately,

    - providing strong marketing support, and

    - obtaining access to retail outlets and sufficient floor space.

    There is intense competition in the sectors of the apparel industry in which
Jones participates. Jones competes with many other manufacturers, some of which
are larger and have greater resources. Any increased competition could result in
reduced sales or prices, or both, which could have a material adverse effect on
Jones.

    FASHION TRENDS ARE CONSTANTLY CHANGING. Customer tastes and fashion trends
can change rapidly. Jones may not be able to anticipate, gauge or respond to
such changes in a timely manner. If Jones misjudges the market for its products
or product groups, it may be faced with a significant amount of unsold finished
goods inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on Jones.

    THE APPAREL, FOOTWEAR AND ACCESSORIES INDUSTRIES ARE HIGHLY CYCLICAL.
Negative economic trends, over which Jones has no control, that depress the
level of consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on Jones.
Purchases of apparel, footwear and related goods often decline during
recessionary periods when disposable income is low. In such an environment,
Jones may increase the number of promotional sales, which could further
adversely affect its profitability.

    THE CONCENTRATION OF JONES' CUSTOMERS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS BUSINESS.
Jones' ten largest customers, principally department stores, accounted for
approximately 56% of sales in 2000. While no single customer accounted for more
than 10% of Jones' net sales, certain of its customers are under common
ownership. Department stores owned by the following entities accounted for the
following percentages of Jones' 2000 sales:

JONES' CUSTOMER                                               2000
- ---------------                                               ----

Federated Department Stores, Inc............................   14%

May Department Stores Company...............................   14%

Remainder of ten largest customers..........................   28%

    Jones believes that purchasing decisions are generally made independently by
individual department stores within a commonly controlled group. There has been
a trend, however, toward more centralized purchasing decisions. As such
decisions become more centralized, the risk to Jones of such concentration
increases. The loss of any of Jones' largest customers, or the bankruptcy or
material financial difficulty of any customer or any of the companies listed
above, could have a material adverse effect on Jones. Jones does not have
long-term contracts with any of its customers, and sales to customers generally
occur on an order-by-order basis. As a result, customers can terminate their
relationships with Jones at any time or, under certain circumstances, cancel or
delay orders.

    SIGNIFICANT PORTIONS OF JONES' SALES AND PROFITS DEPEND ON CERTAIN OF ITS
LICENSE AGREEMENTS WITH POLO RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION. The termination or
non-renewal of Jones' exclusive licenses to manufacture and market clothing
under the Lauren by Ralph Lauren and Polo Jeans Company trademarks in the United
States and elsewhere would have a material adverse effect on Jones. Jones'
Lauren by Ralph Lauren and Polo Jeans Company businesses represent significant
portions of its sales

and profits. Jones sell products bearing those trademarks, as well as the Ralph
by Ralph Lauren trademark, under exclusive licenses from affiliates of Polo
Ralph Lauren Corporation.

    The Lauren by Ralph Lauren license expires on December 31, 2006. There is no
presently existing right or obligation to renew the Lauren by Ralph Lauren
license after December 31, 2006.

    The Polo Jeans Company license expires on December 31, 2005 and may be
renewed by Jones in five-year increments for up to 25 additional years, if
certain minimum sales levels in certain years are met. Polo Jeans Company sales
are made season-to-season, with customers having no obligation to buy products
beyond what they have already ordered for a particular season. In addition,
renewal of the Polo Jeans Company license after 2010 requires a one-time payment
by Jones of $25 million or, at its option, a transfer of a 20% interest in its
Polo Jeans Company business to Polo Ralph Lauren (with no fees required for
subsequent renewals). Polo Ralph Lauren also has an option, exercisable on or
before June 1, 2010, to purchase Jones' Polo Jeans Company business at the end
of 2010 for a purchase price, payable in cash, equal to 80% of the then fair
value of the business as a going concern, assuming the continuation of the Polo
Jeans Company license through December 31, 2030.

    In addition to the provisions described above, the licenses contain
provisions common to trademark licenses which could result in termination of a
license, such as failure to meet payment or advertising obligations.

    THE EXTENT OF JONES' FOREIGN OPERATIONS AND MANUFACTURING MAY ADVERSELY
AFFECT JONES' DOMESTIC BUSINESS. In 2000, approximately 73% of Jones' apparel
products were manufactured outside North America, primarily in Asia, while the
remainder were manufactured in the United States and Mexico. Nearly all of Nine
West's products were manufactured outside of North America in 2000 as well. The
following may adversely affect foreign operations:

    - political instability in countries where contractors and suppliers are
      located,

    - imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports,

    - imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports,

    - significant fluctuation of the value of the dollar against foreign
      currencies, and

    - restrictions on the transfer of funds to or from foreign countries.

    As a result of Jones' substantial foreign operations, its domestic business
is subject to the following risks:

    - quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements between the United States
      and certain foreign countries,

    - reduced manufacturing flexibility because of geographic distance between
      Jones and its foreign manufacturers, increasing the risk that Jones may
      have to mark down unsold inventory as a result of misjudging the market
      for a foreign-made product, and

    - violations by foreign contractors of labor and wage standards and
      resulting adverse publicity.

    FLUCTUATIONS IN THE PRICE, AVAILABILITY AND QUALITY OF RAW MATERIALS COULD
CAUSE DELAY AND INCREASE COSTS. Fluctuations in the price, availability and
quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used by Jones in its manufactured
apparel and in the price of leather used to manufacture its footwear and
accessories could have a material adverse effect on Jones' cost of sales or its
ability to meet its customers' demands. Jones mainly uses cotton twill, wool,
denim, and synthetic and blended fabrics. The prices for such fabrics depend
largely on the market prices for the raw materials used to produce them,
particularly cotton. The price and availability of such raw materials and, in
turn, the fabrics used in Jones' apparel may fluctuate significantly, depending
on many factors, including crop yields and weather patterns. Jones generally
enters into denim purchase order contracts at specified prices for

three to six months at a time. Higher cotton prices would directly affect Jones'
costs and could affect its earnings. During the past few years, there have been
increases in the price of leather, which generally were reflected in the selling
price of Jones' footwear and accessories products. In the future, Jones may not
be able to pass all or a portion of such higher raw materials prices on to its
customers.

    JONES' RELIANCE ON INDEPENDENT MANUFACTURERS COULD CAUSE DELAY AND DAMAGE
CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS. Jones relies upon independent third parties for the
manufacture of most of its products. A manufacturer's failure to ship products
to Jones in a timely manner or to meet the required quality standards could
cause Jones to miss the delivery date requirements of its customers for those
items. The failure to make timely deliveries may drive customers to cancel
orders, refuse to accept deliveries or demand reduced prices, any of which could
have a material adverse effect on Jones' business. Jones does not have long-term
written agreements with any of its third party manufacturers. As a result, any
of these manufacturers may unilaterally terminate their relationships with Jones
at any time.

    JONES DEPENDS ON KEY PERSONNEL TO MANAGE ITS BUSINESS. Jones' success
depends upon the personal efforts and abilities of its senior executive
officers, including Sidney Kimmel, its Chairman, Jackwyn Nemerov, its President,
and Irwin Samelman, its Executive Vice President, Marketing, as well as the
senior executive officers of its operating subsidiaries, including, after the
merger, Peter Boneparth. If any of these individuals become unable or unwilling
to continue in their present positions, Jones' business and financial results
could be materially adversely affected.

    JONES' STOCK PRICE HAS BEEN VOLATILE AND JONES EXPECTS THAT IT WILL CONTINUE
TO BE VOLATILE. Jones' stock price has historically been volatile, and Jones
expects that it will continue to be volatile. Jones' financial results are
difficult to predict and could fluctuate significantly.

                              THE SPECIAL MEETING

PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

    This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to you in connection with
the solicitation of proxies by the McNaughton board of directors in connection
with the proposed merger.

    This proxy statement/prospectus is first being furnished to McNaughton
stockholders on or about May [ - ], 2001.

DATE, TIME AND PLACE

    We will hold the special meeting on [ - ], June [ - ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m.,
local time, at [ADDRESS].

PURPOSE OF SPECIAL MEETING

    At the special meeting, we will ask holders of McNaughton common stock to
vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and to transact any other
business that properly comes before the special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting. The McNaughton board of directors has
unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable,
and that it is in the best interests of McNaughton stockholders that McNaughton
completes the merger. The McNaughton board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger agreement and unanimously recommends that McNaughton stockholders
vote "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement.

RECORD DATE; STOCK ENTITLED TO VOTE; QUORUM

    Only holders of record of McNaughton common stock at the close of business
on May [ - ], 2001, the record date, are entitled to notice of and to vote at
the special meeting. On the record date, [ - ] shares of McNaughton common stock
were issued and outstanding and held by approximately [ - ] holders of record. A
quorum will be present at the special meeting if a majority of the shares of
McNaughton common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the
special meeting are represented at the special meeting in person or by a
properly executed proxy. If a quorum is not present at the special meeting, we
expect that the meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional
proxies. Holders of record of McNaughton common stock on the record date are
entitled to one vote per share on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

VOTE REQUIRED

    The adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares of McNaughton common stock outstanding on the record
date. Because the required vote of McNaughton stockholders is based upon the
number of outstanding shares of McNaughton common stock, rather than upon the
number of shares actually voted, the failure by the holder of any outstanding
shares to submit a proxy or to vote in person at the special meeting, including
abstentions and broker non-votes, will have the same effect as a vote against
adoption of the merger agreement.

VOTING BY MCNAUGHTON DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

    At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive
officers of McNaughton and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote
[ - ] shares of McNaughton common stock, which represented approximately [ - ]%
of the shares of McNaughton common stock outstanding on that date. Each
McNaughton director and executive officer has indicated his or her present
intention to vote, or cause to be voted, the McNaughton common stock owned by
him or her for the adoption of the merger agreement.

VOTING OF PROXIES

    All shares represented by properly executed proxies received in time for the
special meeting will be voted at the special meeting in the manner specified by
the holders of those proxies. Properly executed proxies that do not contain
voting instructions will be voted "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement.

    Shares of McNaughton common stock represented at the special meeting but not
voting, including proxies which vote to abstain, will be treated as present at
the special meeting for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a
quorum for the transaction of all business. These non-voted shares will have the
same effect as votes against adoption of the merger agreement.

    Only shares affirmatively voted for adoption of the merger agreement,
including properly executed proxies that do not contain voting instructions,
will be counted as favorable votes for that proposal. Brokers who hold shares of
McNaughton common stock in street name for customers who are the beneficial
owners of those shares may not give a proxy to vote those shares without
specific instructions from those customers. These non-voted shares are referred
to as broker non-votes and have the same effect as votes against adoption of the
merger agreement.

    The persons named as proxies by a stockholder may propose and vote for one
or more adjournments of the special meeting, including adjournments to permit
further solicitations of proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement. No proxy voted against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
will be voted in favor of any such adjournment or postponement.

REVOCATION OF PROXIES

    The grant of a proxy on the enclosed form of proxy does not preclude a
stockholder from voting in person at the special meeting. A stockholder may
revoke a proxy at any time prior to its exercise by filing with McNaughton a
duly executed revocation of proxy, by submitting to McNaughton a duly executed
proxy bearing a later date or by appearing at the special meeting and voting in
person. Attendance at the special meeting will not itself revoke a proxy. If a
stockholder chooses either of the first two methods, the notice of revocation or
new proxy, as the case may be, must be submitted to McNaughton at 463 Seventh
Avenue, New York, New York 10018, Attention: Secretary.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES

    McNaughton will bear the cost of the solicitation of proxies from its
stockholders. In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors, officers and
employees of McNaughton and its subsidiaries may solicit proxies from
stockholders by telephone or other electronic means or in person. Arrangements
will also be made with brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries for the forwarding of solicitation materials to the beneficial
owners of stock held of record by these persons, and McNaughton will reimburse
them for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

    MacKenzie Partners, Inc. will assist in the solicitation of proxies by
McNaughton. McNaughton will pay MacKenzie Partners a fee of approximately
$6,000, plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses, and will indemnify
MacKenzie Partners against any losses arising out of MacKenzie Partners' proxy
soliciting services on behalf of McNaughton.

    YOU SHOULD NOT SEND IN ANY STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH YOUR PROXY CARD. A
TRANSMITTAL FORM WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE SURRENDER OF YOUR STOCK CERTIFICATES
WILL BE MAILED TO YOU SHORTLY AFTER COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.

                                   THE MERGER

    THE DISCUSSION IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS OF THE MERGER AND THE
PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX A AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    In late October 2000, representatives of Jones requested a meeting with
representatives of McNaughton to discuss a potential transaction between
McNaughton and Jones. On November 9, 2000, Sidney Kimmel, the Chairman of the
Jones board of directors, and Wesley R. Card, the Chief Financial Officer of
Jones, met with Peter Boneparth, the Chairman of the McNaughton board of
directors, and discussed the possible strategic fit between the two companies,
the possible terms of a potential transaction and other related matters.
Following the meeting, Mr. Card called Mr. Boneparth and informed him that Jones
had retained Morgan Stanley as its financial advisor and that Jones would like
to pursue further discussions with McNaughton, and Jones and McNaughton entered
into a confidentiality agreement. Subsequently, McNaughton provided various
financial information to Jones.

    During October and November 2000, the management of McNaughton from time to
time informally updated the members of the McNaughton board of directors as to
the discussions with Jones. During the same period, the management of Jones
informed the Jones board of directors of the discussions with McNaughton.

    On November 13, 2000, Mr. Card, Mr. Boneparth and representatives of Morgan
Stanley met for a preliminary financial and business due diligence review of
McNaughton. On November 16, 2000, Mr. Boneparth met with Jackwyn Nemerov,
President of Jones, Irwin Samelman, Executive Vice President of Marketing of
Jones, Mr. Card and a representative from Morgan Stanley to discuss various
operational, marketing and financial aspects of a possible business combination
involving Jones and McNaughton. Following the meeting, the parties agreed that
in light of other pressing business needs of the parties, including the need to
focus on the holiday shopping season, no further discussions concerning a
possible business combination would occur until the beginning of 2001.

    No further discussions occurred between McNaughton and Jones until
mid-February 2001, at which time Mr. Card arranged a meeting among himself and
Mr. Kimmel, on the one hand, and Mr. Boneparth, on the other hand, to discuss
various matters relating to a possible business combination involving Jones and
McNaughton. During the course of the next two weeks, representatives of Jones
conducted a confidential due diligence review of customers and certain financial
information concerning McNaughton and its subsidiaries.

    In early March 2001, representatives of Jones proposed that Jones and
McNaughton proceed with further discussions concerning the terms and conditions
of a possible business combination, and, on March 6, 2001, provided
Mr. Boneparth with a preliminary draft of a term sheet outlining various
proposed terms and conditions of an acquisition of McNaughton by Jones. The term
sheet set forth a proposal involving the acquisition of McNaughton by Jones for
a purchase price of $20.00 per share of McNaughton common stock, to be paid
one-half in cash and one-half in Jones common stock. The term sheet also
included proposals regarding the treatment of McNaughton stock options,
restrictions on transfers of Jones common stock by certain affiliates of
McNaughton, the renegotiation of certain debt obligations, and the requirement
that employment agreements with key employees (including Mr. Boneparth) and
voting agreements with significant McNaughton stockholders be negotiated as part
of any business combination.

    During February and March 2001, Mr. Boneparth met with the Chief Executive
Officer of another nationally recognized women's apparel company on two separate
occasions at the invitation of that Chief Executive Officer. They discussed
various aspects of the women's apparel industry, including the

possible strategic fit between their two companies. No terms of any possible
transaction were discussed, and, at the second meeting, Mr. Boneparth invited
further discussion should the other Chief Executive Officer have an interest. No
further discussions between the two companies concerning a possible transaction
occurred following the second meeting.

    On March 8, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met to discuss the term
sheet and related matters. The McNaughton board of directors authorized
management to proceed with discussions with Jones and to engage Merrill Lynch as
financial advisor to McNaughton. On March 13, 2001, McNaughton and Merrill Lynch
entered into an engagement letter for that purpose.

    From mid-March to early April 2001, McNaughton provided Jones with
additional due diligence materials, which were reviewed by Jones'
representatives.

    From late March to early April 2001, representatives of Jones and McNaughton
also met on a number of occasions to discuss the financial and other terms of a
possible transaction. In early April, during the course of these discussions,
Jones agreed to increase its per share purchase price from $20.00 to $21.00, and
the parties discussed other aspects of the structure of the merger consideration
and other terms of a possible transaction. Also during this period, Jones
indicated that only Mr. Boneparth would be required to enter into an employment
agreement and agree to restrictions on transfers of Jones common stock, and that
it would not require any McNaughton stockholders to enter into voting agreements
or require McNaughton to renegotiate certain debt obligations. In addition,
during this period, Jones authorized its outside legal counsel for the
transaction, Cravath, Swaine & Moore, to begin preparation of a draft merger
agreement.

    On April 3, 2001, Mr. Boneparth, Amanda J. Bokman, Chief Financial Officer
of McNaughton, and Merrill Lynch met with representatives of Jones and Morgan
Stanley to discuss the results of operations, financial condition, management
and prospects of Jones. During that week, representatives of Jones toured
McNaughton's warehouse and distribution facilities in South Carolina and New
Jersey, and representatives of Jones' and McNaughton's independent public
accountants met to discuss accounting matters.

    On April 4, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met to discuss a
possible business combination with Jones. McNaughton's senior management, Torys,
McNaughton's outside legal counsel, and Merrill Lynch made presentations
relating to a possible transaction, and Mr. Boneparth reviewed the status of
discussions with Jones, including the increase in the per share purchase price
from $20.00 to $21.00, the strategic reasons for the proposed transaction and
the other principal terms and conditions of the proposed transaction. Merrill
Lynch presented preliminary valuation and exchange ratio analyses, together with
a business overview of Jones and McNaughton, including a review of strategic
alternatives available to McNaughton as an independent company and other
possible acquirors of McNaughton and their ability to finance an acquisition or
offer of a similar value to that offered by Jones. Torys also outlined the
directors' legal duties in considering the possible business combination with
Jones. After considering these discussions, the McNaughton board of directors
agreed that management should pursue further discussions with Jones, including
as to the ability of McNaughton to consider and agree to a superior acquisition
proposal from a third party after signing an agreement with Jones.

    On April 6, 2001, Cravath, Swaine & Moore distributed a draft merger
agreement to McNaughton, Torys and Merrill Lynch. During the next several days,
the parties and their legal and financial advisors negotiated the terms of the
merger agreement as well as various matters relating to the merger
consideration. Also during this time, members of the Jones and McNaughton boards
of directors were updated informally from time to time, and representatives of
Jones and its financial and legal advisors continued their due diligence review
of McNaughton.

    On April 12, 2001, Jones and McNaughton reached a tentative agreement on the
form, terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement, and the Jones board
of directors unanimously approved that agreement.

    On April 13, 2001, the McNaughton board of directors met with senior
management, Torys, Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., McNaughton's special
Delaware counsel, and Merrill Lynch to consider the merger agreement. At the
meeting, Torys reviewed with the board of directors its legal duties, the
financial and legal aspects of the proposed business combination, the terms of
the merger agreement and the other matters described below under "--Reasons for
the Merger". Additionally, Merrill Lynch delivered an opinion to the effect
that, as of that date, the consideration to be received by McNaughton
stockholders pursuant to the merger is fair to McNaughton stockholders, other
than Jones and its affiliates, from a financial point of view. After discussion
and consideration, the McNaughton board of directors unanimously voted to
approve the merger agreement and resolved to recommend that McNaughton
stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    On April 13, 2001, following the meeting of the McNaughton board of
directors, the parties finalized and executed and delivered the merger
agreement, and Jones and Mr. Boneparth finalized and executed and delivered the
employment agreement.

    Prior to the commencement of trading on the New York Stock Exchange and The
Nasdaq Stock Market on April 16, 2001, Jones and McNaughton issued a joint press
release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    In reaching its decision to approve the merger and to unanimously recommend
that McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, the McNaughton
board of directors consulted with its financial and legal advisors and with
senior management and considered a number of factors, including without
limitation, the following material factors:

       - The merger consideration negotiated with Jones, including the collar
         provision designed to protect McNaughton stockholders with respect to
         the value of the stock consideration to be received by them in
         connection with the merger, and the implied premium that the merger
         consideration represents over the recent market price of McNaughton
         common stock,

       - The opportunity of McNaughton stockholders to participate, as holders
         of Jones common stock, in a larger, more diversified company in the
         fashion industry, including participation in the value that may be
         generated through the combination of the two companies, including as a
         result of cross-selling and brand-extension opportunities,

       - The view of McNaughton's senior management and other information
         relating to the business, management, competitive position, financial
         condition, operating performance, trading performance and prospects of
         each of McNaughton and Jones,

       - The results of the due diligence relating to Jones conducted by
         McNaughton's management and its legal and financial advisors,

       - Current industry, economic and financial market conditions and
         historical market prices, volatility and trading information for
         McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock,

       - The strategic fit of McNaughton and Jones and the strategic and
         financial alternatives available to McNaughton, including remaining
         independent,

       - The written opinion of Merrill Lynch to the McNaughton board of
         directors dated April 13, 2001, to the effect that, subject to the
         assumptions, matters considered and limitations contained in the
         opinion, as of that date, the consideration to be received by the

         McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger is fair to McNaughton
         stockholders, other than Jones and its affiliates, from a financial
         point of view, and the financial presentation made to the McNaughton
         board of directors by Merrill Lynch in connection with the delivery of
         the opinion. The full text of the opinion, which describes the
         assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
         undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B to
         this proxy statement/prospectus, and McNaughton stockholders are
         encouraged to read the opinion in its entirety,

       - The view of McNaughton's senior management that there were a limited
         number of potential interested acquirors who have the financial ability
         to acquire McNaughton,

       - The terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including provisions
         relating to the ability of McNaughton, under specified circumstances,
         to provide information to, and enter into negotiations with, third
         parties with respect to unsolicited offers to acquire McNaughton, and
         to terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into an agreement
         with a person making an unsolicited offer to acquire McNaughton which
         the McNaughton board of directors determines in its good faith judgment
         (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized
         reputation) provides to McNaughton stockholders a higher value than the
         consideration to be received in connection with the proposed merger
         after paying a termination fee to Jones and giving Jones the
         opportunity to match any offer made by such third parties,

       - The ability of Jones to pay the cash portion of the merger
         consideration,

       - The structure of the transaction, which is intended to qualify as a
         reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes, so that
         McNaughton stockholders, as such, will recognize gain only to the
         extent they receive cash in exchange for their shares of McNaughton
         common stock,

       - The employment agreement that Jones and Peter Boneparth have entered
         into pursuant to which Mr. Boneparth has agreed, among other things, to
         continue his employment with McNaughton and serve as a director of
         Jones after the completion of the merger, and that Mr. Boneparth will
         agree to restrictions on his ability to sell Jones common stock
         obtained upon the exercise of Jones stock options received as a result
         of the merger, and

       - The interests of the officers and directors of McNaughton in the
         merger, including the matters described under "--Interests of Certain
         Persons in the Merger", and the impact of the combination on McNaughton
         stockholders, customers, suppliers and employees.

    This discussion of the information and factors considered by the McNaughton
board of directors in making its decision to approve the merger and the merger
agreement and to recommend that McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger
agreement is not intended to be exhaustive, but it is believed to include all
material factors considered by the McNaughton board of directors. In view of the
variety of material factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, the McNaughton board of directors did not find it practicable to, and
did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to, the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination. In addition, individual members of the
McNaughton board of directors may have given different weight to different
factors.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    At the special meeting, the holders of McNaughton common stock will be asked
to vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and to transact any other
business that properly comes before the special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting. The McNaughton board of directors has
unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable and fair to McNaughton stockholders, and that it is in the best
interests of McNaughton

stockholders that McNaughton completes the merger. The McNaughton board of
directors unanimously recommends that McNaughton stockholders vote "FOR" the
adoption of the merger agreement.

OPINION OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

    On April 13, 2001, at a meeting of the McNaughton board of directors,
Merrill Lynch delivered an opinion that, as of that date and on the basis of and
subject to the matters reviewed with the McNaughton board of directors, the
merger consideration to be received by the holders of McNaughton common stock,
other than Jones and its affiliates, pursuant to the merger was fair from a
financial point of view to those stockholders.

    THE FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX B TO THIS
PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. THE MERRILL LYNCH
OPINION EXPLAINS THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, THE MATTERS
CONSIDERED AND THE LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY MERRILL
LYNCH. HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THE
MERRILL LYNCH OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY. THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION
WAS FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADDRESSES
ONLY THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, TO THE HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON
COMMON STOCK, OTHER THAN JONES AND ITS AFFILIATES, OF THE MERGER CONSIDERATION
TO BE RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THE MERGER. THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION DOES NOT
ADDRESS THE MERITS OF THE UNDERLYING DECISION BY MCNAUGHTON TO ENGAGE IN THE
MERGER AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF MCNAUGHTON
COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW ANY HOLDER SHOULD VOTE ON THE MERGER OR ANY OTHER MATTER
IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THE SUMMARY OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION SET FORTH IN
THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE
FULL TEXT OF THE MERRILL LYNCH OPINION.

    In arriving at the Merrill Lynch opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

       - reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
         relating to McNaughton and Jones that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating
         to the business, earnings, cash flows, assets, liabilities and
         prospects of McNaughton and Jones furnished to Merrill Lynch by
         McNaughton and Jones, as well as the amount and timing of the cost
         savings and related expenses and synergies expected to result from the
         merger (the "expected synergies"), furnished to Merrill Lynch by
         McNaughton,

       - conducted discussions with members of senior management and
         representatives of McNaughton and Jones concerning the matters
         described in the first and second bullet points above, as well as their
         respective businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to
         the merger and expected synergies,

       - reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for McNaughton
         common stock and Jones common stock and compared them with those of
         certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - reviewed the results of operations of McNaughton and Jones and compared
         them with those of certain publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch
         deemed to be relevant,

       - compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
         terms of certain other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
         relevant,

       - participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
         representatives of McNaughton and Jones and their respective financial
         and legal advisors,

       - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger,

       - reviewed the merger agreement, and

       - reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
         account such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including
         Merrill Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary
         conditions.

    In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to it,
discussed with or reviewed by or for it, or publicly available, and Merrill
Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently verifying such
information or undertake an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities of McNaughton or Jones and was not furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal. In addition, Merrill Lynch did not assume any
obligation to conduct, and it did not conduct, any physical inspection of the
properties or facilities of McNaughton or Jones. With respect to the financial
forecast information and the expected synergies furnished to or discussed with
Merrill Lynch by McNaughton and Jones, Merrill Lynch assumed that they have been
reasonably prepared and reflected the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of McNaughton and Jones as to the expected future
financial performance of McNaughton, Jones, the combined entity and the expected
synergies. Merrill Lynch also assumed that the merger would qualify as a
tax-free reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes.

    Merrill Lynch's opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on, and on the
information made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of the opinion.
Merrill Lynch assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory
or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the merger, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.

    In connection with the preparation of the Merrill Lynch opinion, Merrill
Lynch was not authorized by McNaughton or its board of directors to solicit, nor
did Merrill Lynch solicit, third party indications of interest for the
acquisition of all or part of McNaughton.

    Merrill Lynch has, in the past, provided financial advisory and financing
services to Jones and/or its affiliates and may continue to do so and has
received, and may receive, fees for the rendering of such services. In addition,
in the ordinary course of Merrill Lynch's business, it may actively trade
McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock and other securities of
McNaughton, as well as other securities of Jones, for Merrill Lynch's own
account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in those securities.

    The following is a summary of the material analyses presented by Merrill
Lynch to the McNaughton board of directors on April 13, 2001 in connection with
Merrill Lynch's opinion as of that date.

    PREMIUM ANALYSIS.  Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical trading prices for
McNaughton common stock and compared them with the merger consideration of
$21.00 per share based on Jones' ten-day

average closing price prior to announcement of the execution of the merger
agreement. This analysis indicated that the merger consideration represented
implied premiums as follows:

HISTORICAL TIME PERIOD                         IMPLIED PREMIUM
- ----------------------                         ---------------

April 12, 2001...............................        20.7%

One week average.............................        25.1%

One month average............................        32.8%

Three months average.........................        43.5%

Six months average...........................        51.5%

One year average.............................        61.7%

52-Week High.................................        17.9%

52-Week Low..................................       162.5%

    Additionally, Merrill Lynch reviewed the mean and median premiums paid in
127 selected change-of-control public target transactions since 1997 with
transaction values between $500 to $750 million ("change-of-control premium
transactions") and compared them to the implied premium associated with the
merger consideration of $21.00 per share.

                                                             IMPLIED PREMIUM
                                                  --------------------------------------
                                                      CHANGE-OF-
                                                        CONTROL
                                                        PREMIUM
                                                     TRANSACTIONS
                                                  -------------------     MCNAUGHTON--
PRE-ANNOUNCEMENT TIME PERIOD                        MEAN      MEDIAN    $21.00 PER SHARE
- ----------------------------                      --------   --------   ----------------

One day prior...................................    27.9%      30.8%          20.7%
One week prior..................................    33.9%      38.2%          37.7%
Four weeks prior................................    37.8%      44.7%          35.5%

    SELECTED PUBLICLY TRADED COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS.  Merrill Lynch
compared certain financial and operating ratios relating to McNaughton with the
corresponding financial and operating ratios for five publicly traded branded
apparel companies which Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant, consisting of
Jones, Liz Claiborne, Inc., Nautica Enterprises, Inc., Polo Ralph Lauren
Corporation and Tommy Hilfiger Corporation, and eight moderate branded apparel
companies, consisting of Haggar Corp., Kellwood Company, Oxford
Industries, Inc., Perry Ellis International, Inc., Phillips Van-Heusen
Corporation, Russell Corporation, Tropical Sportswear Int'l Corporation and VF
Corp. The branded apparel and moderate apparel publicly traded companies are
herein referred to as the "selected comparable companies". The selected
comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with
operations that, for purposes of this analysis, may be considered reasonably
similar to the operations of McNaughton.

    For each of the selected comparable companies and McNaughton, Merrill Lynch
calculated multiples based on the following financial metrics:

       - market price per share of common stock to estimated year 2001 earnings
         per share ("EPS"), or "P/E Multiple", and

       - market capitalization to estimated calendar year 2000 earnings before
         interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA").

    In examining the selected comparable companies and McNaughton, Merrill Lynch
calculated the market capitalization of each company as a multiple of its
calendar year 2000 EBITDA. In this case, market capitalization is defined as the
market value of equity, including the net cost of "in-the-money"

options, as of April 12, 2001, plus net debt, preferred stock and minority
interest. In addition, Merrill Lynch calculated the stock price per share of
each company as a multiple of its respective 2001 EPS both under new accounting
rules ("NAR") and under old accounting rules ("OAR"). NAR assumes that the
Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") will issue a Final Statement or
Statements, based upon its September 7, 1999 Exposure Draft, "Business
Combinations and Intangible Assets," as amended by its February 14, 2001 revised
Exposure Draft, "Business Combinations and Intangible Assets--Accounting for
Goodwill," and that those Final Statement(s), expected to go into effect later
in 2001, require that goodwill will no longer be amortized over a defined period
of time. OAR is defined as the current accounting rules for goodwill
amortization based on Accounting Principles Board Opinions No. 16, "Business
Combinations," and No. 17, "Intangible Assets," both in effect since 1970,
whereby goodwill is amortized over its economic useful life, but not to exceed
40 years.

    The analysis used calendarized consensus earnings per share estimates
reported by First Call Corporation for the selected comparable companies, and
company filings to calculate calendar year 2000 EBITDA. Selected public equity
research reports and company public filings were used to estimate the effect of
FASB's Final Statement upon EPS for each firm. All historical financial
information was adjusted to exclude one-time and non-recurring items.

    In addition, Merrill Lynch compared McNaughton to the selected comparable
companies based on EPS estimates provided by the management of McNaughton and
actual EBITDA for the last twelve months ("LTM") ended February 3, 2001.

    The following table sets forth information concerning the range of
multiples, means and medians of selected financial metrics for the selected
comparable companies and the multiples of the same financial metrics for
McNaughton at the merger consideration of $21.00 per share:

                                                                                              MCNAUGHTON--
                           BRANDED APPAREL       MODERATE APPAREL      SELECTED COMPARABLE       $21.00
METRIC                        COMPANIES              COMPANIES              COMPANIES          PER SHARE
- ------                   --------------------  ---------------------   --------------------   ------------

2001 NAR P/E             Range: 7.3x to 12.6x  Range: 5.0x to 11.1x    Range: 5.0x to 12.6x       6.1x
Multiple...............  Mean: 10.4x           Mean: 7.4x              Mean: 8.6x
                         Median: 10.8x         Median: 6.4x            Median: 8.2x

2001 OAR P/E             Range: 8.3x to 12.9x  Range: 5.0x to 11.9x    Range: 5.0x to 12.9x       7.9x
Multiple...............  Mean: 10.9x           Mean: 7.8x              Mean: 9.0x
                         Median: 11.0x         Median: 6.9x            Median: 8.3x

Market Capitalization    Range: 4.3x to 7.7x   Range: 3.8x to 7.2x     Range: 3.8x to 7.7x        7.0x*
as a Multiple of 2000    Mean: 6.1x            Mean: 5.5x              Mean: 5.7x
EBITDA.................  Median: 6.5x          Median: 5.2x            Median: 5.2x

- ------------------------

*   BASED ON EBITDA FOR THE LTM ENDED FEBRUARY 3, 2001.

    Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of McNaughton
common stock by applying a relevant range of multiples as follows: 2001 NAR P/E
multiples ranging from 5.0x to 9.0x, 2001 OAR P/E multiples ranging from 6.0x to
10.0x and 2000 EBITDA multiples of 5.5x to 6.5x, which were derived from the
foregoing analysis, to calendarized 2001 NAR EPS and 2001 OAR EPS estimates
provided by the management of McNaughton and actual EBITDA for the LTM ended
February 3, 2001, respectively.

    The following table presents the ranges of implied equity values per share
of McNaughton common stock implied by this analysis as compared with the merger
consideration of $21.00 per share:

                                                           IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                                                               PER SHARE OF
                                                             MCNAUGHTON COMMON
                                                                   STOCK
                                                          -----------------------
SELECTED COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS                      LOW            HIGH
- --------------------------------------                    --------       --------

        2001 NAR EPS....................................   $17.25         $31.25

        2001 OAR EPS....................................    16.00          26.50

        EBITDA for the LTM ended February 3, 2001.......    13.00          18.25

    SELECTED ACQUISITION TRANSACTIONS ANALYSIS.  Merrill Lynch analyzed
information relating to the following selected acquisition transactions in the
apparel industry since January 1, 1997 (the "selected acquisition
transactions"):

ACQUIROR                                                  ACQUIRED COMPANY
- --------                                                  ----------------

        Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton.....................  Donna Karan International

        Great Universal Stores PLC......................  Burberry (Spain) SA

        VF Corp.........................................  The North Face, Inc.

        The Warnaco Group, Inc..........................  Authentic Fitness Corporation

        H.I.G. Capital, LLC.............................  Happy Kids, Inc.

        Axcel IndustriInvestor A/S......................  Kansas Workwear A/S

        Supreme International Corporation...............  Perry Ellis International, Inc.

        Kasper A.S.L., Ltd..............................  Anne Klein Company LLC

        Jones Apparel Group, Inc........................  Nine West Group Inc.

        Vestar Capital Partners, Inc....................  St. John Knits, Inc.

        Kellwood Company................................  Koret of California, Inc.

        Jones Apparel Group, Inc........................  Sun Apparel, Inc.

        Tropical Sportswear Int'l Corporation...........  Farah Inc.

        Norton McNaughton, Inc..........................  Jeri-Jo Knitwear, Inc.

        VF Corp.........................................  Bestform Group, Inc.

        Vestar Capital Partners, Inc....................  Sun Apparel, Inc.

        The Warnaco Group, Inc..........................  Designer Holdings Ltd.

    The following table sets forth multiples of transaction value for the
selected acquisition transactions to EBITDA of the acquired businesses for the
LTM periods preceding the acquisition announcements and corresponding multiples
for the mergers, which Merrill Lynch calculated based on McNaughton's EBITDA for
the LTM ended February 3, 2001. For purposes of this analysis, transaction value
was calculated as the consideration offered for the common equity, including the
net cost of "in-the-money" options, plus liquidation value of preferred equity
and the value of debt and minority interest less cash and marketable securities.

                                SELECTED ACQUISITION              MCNAUGHTON--
TRANSACTION VALUE TO:           TRANSACTIONS                    $21.00 PER SHARE
- ---------------------           ------------------------------  ----------------

LTM EBITDA....................  Range: 5.0x to 9.5x*                 7.0x**
                                Mean: 7.0x*
                                Median: 7.3x*

       -------------------------------

       *   Excludes the acquisition of Farah Inc. by Tropical Sportswear Int'l
           Corporation.

       **  Based on EBITDA for the LTM ended February 3, 2001.

    Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of McNaughton
common stock by applying multiples ranging from 6.0x to 8.0x (which were derived
from the foregoing analysis) to McNaughton's EBITDA for the LTM ended
February 3, 2001. Merrill Lynch then calculated the LTM sales and earnings
before interest and taxes ("EBIT") multiples implied by the aforementioned
equity values per share.

    The following table presents the ranges of implied equity values per share
of McNaughton common stock and LTM sales and EBIT multiples implied by this
analysis as compared to the merger consideration of $21.00 per share:

                                                               IMPLIED VALUES AT
                                                                   RANGE OF
                                                               MULTIPLES OF LTM
                                                                    EBITDA
                               SELECTED ACQUISITION           -------------------
                               TRANSACTIONS                     LOW        HIGH
                               -----------------------------  --------   --------

Implied Equity Value Per
  Share of McNaughton Common
  Stock......................  N/A                             $15.50     $26.00

Implied LTM Sales Multiple...  Range: 0.31x to 1.75x*           0.93x      1.24x
                               Mean: 0.84x*
                               Median: 0.72x*

Implied LTM EBIT Multiple....  Range: 5.3x to 10.8x              7.2x       9.5x
                               Mean: 8.3x
                               Median: 8.3x

       -------------------------------

       *   Excludes the acquisition of Perry Ellis International, Inc. by
           Supreme International Corporation.

    DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ("DCF") ANALYSIS.  Merrill Lynch performed DCF analyses
based on two cases of financial projections developed by the management of
McNaughton, herein referred to as the "growth case" and the "moderate growth
case". Merrill Lynch calculated a net present value for McNaughton's unlevered
free cash flows for the projected calendar years ending December 31, 2001
through December 31, 2005 using discount rates from 12.0% to 13.0%. Merrill
Lynch calculated terminal values in December 31, 2005 based on EBITDA multiples
ranging from 4.5x to 6.5x. These terminal values were discounted to the present
using discount rates from 12.0% to 13.0%. The various

ranges for discount rates were chosen to reflect theoretical analyses of the
weighted average cost of capital. The resulting implied per share values for
McNaughton based on the growth case and the moderate growth case ranged from
$23.50 to $37.00 and $16.25 to $26.75, respectively.

    HISTORICAL IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO.  Merrill Lynch analyzed the historical
implied exchange ratio between McNaughton common stock and Jones common stock
between April 12, 2000 and April 12, 2001. The historical implied exchange ratio
was calculated by dividing the average price of McNaughton common stock by the
average price of Jones common stock for the indicated historical time periods.
For comparative purposes, Merrill Lynch has adjusted the stock portion of the
exchange ratio of 0.2820 to include the exchange ratio implied from the cash
portion of the merger consideration, which implies an adjusted exchange ratio of
0.5641.

HISTORICAL TIME PERIOD                                   HISTORICAL EXCHANGE RATIO
- ----------------------                                   -------------------------

Close as of April 12, 2001.............................            0.4840
52 Week Low............................................            0.2591
52 Week High...........................................            0.6883
Average over past year.................................            0.4391
Average over past six months...........................            0.4063
Average over past three months.........................            0.3857
Average over past two months...........................            0.4065
Average over past one month............................            0.4227
Average over past two weeks............................            0.4361
McNaughton--$21.00 share...............................            0.5641

    RELATIVE VALUATION ANALYSIS.  Merrill Lynch calculated the implied exchange
ratio by comparing the theoretical values of McNaughton common stock and Jones
common stock:

    - determined by applying the NAR P/E multiples of the selected comparable
      companies to the NAR EPS of McNaughton and dividing the resulting implied
      per share values by Jones' ten-day average closing price prior to the
      announcement of the execution of the merger agreement ("Public
      Comparables--NAR P/E Methodology"),

    - determined by applying the OAR P/E multiples of the selected comparable
      companies to the OAR EPS of McNaughton and dividing the resulting implied
      per share values by Jones' ten-day average closing price prior to the
      announcement of the execution of the merger agreement ("Public
      Comparables--OAR P/E Methodology"),

    - determined by applying the EBITDA multiples of the selected comparable
      companies to the EBITDA of McNaughton and dividing the resulting implied
      per share values by Jones' ten-day average closing price prior to the
      announcement of the execution of the merger agreement ("Public
      Comparables--EBITDA Methodology"),

    - determined from the McNaughton DCF analyses and a DCF analysis of Jones
      based on Wall Street forecasts ("DCF Analysis--Growth Case and Moderate
      Case"), and

    - determined by dividing the Wall Street research price targets for
      McNaughton by the Wall Street research price targets for Jones ("Research
      Price Targets").

    For comparative purposes, Merrill Lynch has adjusted the stock portion
exchange ratio of 0.2820 to include the exchange ratio implied from the cash
portion of the merger consideration, which implies an adjusted exchange ratio of
0.5641.

METRIC                                                    IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
- ------                                                    ----------------------

Public Comparables--NAR P/E Methodology
High....................................................          0.8394
Middle..................................................          0.6514
Low.....................................................          0.4633

Public Comparables--OAR P/E Methodology
High....................................................          0.7118
Middle..................................................          0.5708
Low.....................................................          0.4298

Public Comparables--EBITDA Methodology
High....................................................          0.4902
Middle..................................................          0.4163
Low.....................................................          0.3492

DCF Analysis--Growth Case
High....................................................          0.8706
Middle..................................................          0.6576
Low.....................................................          0.4747

DCF Analysis--Moderate Growth Case
High....................................................          0.6294
Middle..................................................          0.4674
Low.....................................................          0.3283

Research Price Targets
High....................................................          0.6786
Middle..................................................          0.4667
Low.....................................................          0.3774

McNaughton--$21.00 share................................          0.5641

    PRO FORMA ACQUISITION ANALYSIS.  Merrill Lynch prepared pro forma analyses
for the financial impact of the merger. Using the growth case and the moderate
growth case, Merrill Lynch compared the NAR and OAR EPS estimates of Jones, on a
standalone basis, to the NAR and OAR EPS estimates of the combined company on a
pro forma basis. Based on such analyses, Merrill Lynch determined that, the
proposed transaction would be accretive to Jones stockholders on an NAR and OAR
EPS basis, respectively, under both the growth case and moderate growth case,
before synergies, in each of the calendar years 2001, 2002 and 2003.

    The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances,
and, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. Selecting portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth
above, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete
view of the processes underlying the Merrill Lynch opinion. In arriving at its
fairness determination, Merrill Lynch considered the results of all such
analyses and did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis
considered by it; Merrill Lynch made its determination as to fairness on the
basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results
of all such analyses. No company or transaction used in the above analyses as a
comparison is directly comparable to McNaughton or Jones or the merger. The
analyses were prepared solely for the purposes of Merrill Lynch providing its
opinion to the

McNaughton board of directors and do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily
reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold.
Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative
of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses. Because such analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of
the parties or their respective advisors, none of McNaughton, Merrill Lynch or
any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those forecast. As described above, the Merrill Lynch opinion was
among many factors taken into consideration by the McNaughton board of directors
in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

    Merrill Lynch acted as financial advisor to McNaughton in connection with
the merger. Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated March 13, 2001, among
McNaughton and Merrill Lynch, upon completion of the merger, Merrill Lynch will
receive a fee from McNaughton for its services that is based on a formula which
takes into account the total value of the merger consideration and the amount of
debt of McNaughton outstanding on the date of closing of the transaction. If the
merger was completed on May [ - ], 2001, this fee would have been approximately
$[ - ]. In addition, McNaughton has agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with rendering
financial advisory services, including fees and disbursements of its legal
counsel. McNaughton has agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and its directors,
officers, agents, employees and controlling persons for certain losses, claims,
damages and liabilities related to or arising out of its rendering of services
under its engagement as financial advisor, including liabilities under federal
and state laws.

    McNaughton retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's experience and
expertise. Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm. Merrill Lynch, as part of its investment banking business, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

    In considering the recommendation of the McNaughton board of directors that
McNaughton stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, McNaughton
stockholders should be aware that several directors and senior officers of
McNaughton have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, the interests of McNaughton stockholders generally. The McNaughton board of
directors was aware of and considered these interests when it considered and
approved the merger agreement.

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH PETER BONEPARTH.  In contemplation of the merger,
Jones and Peter Boneparth entered into an employment agreement, dated April 13,
2001, that becomes effective only upon the completion of the merger. The
employment agreement has an initial term of three years following the merger and
will be automatically extended for additional terms of one year unless either
party advises the other, on or prior to the date two years prior to expiration,
that it does not wish to extend.

    Pursuant to the employment agreement, after the merger Jones will employ
Mr. Boneparth as the Chief Executive Officer and President of McNaughton Apparel
Group Inc. and its businesses, and as Chief Executive Officer and President of
the McNaughton division of Jones. Mr. Boneparth will report directly to the
President of Jones. In addition, pursuant to the employment agreement and the
merger agreement, the Jones board of directors will elect Mr. Boneparth to the
boards of directors of Jones, McNaughton and each of McNaughton's subsidiaries
as of the completion of the merger. For three years after the merger, at each
meeting of Jones stockholders at which directors are to be elected, the

Jones board of directors will nominate Mr. Boneparth for election, and recommend
that Jones stockholders vote in favor of his election, to the Jones board of
directors.

    Mr. Boneparth will receive an annual salary of not less than $1 million and
an annual bonus under Jones' Executive Annual Incentive Plan of not less than
$1 million. The employment agreement provides for a grant on the date of the
completion of the merger of options to purchase 300,000 shares of Jones common
stock. These options will vest in three equal annual installments and have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying shares as of the
date of grant. The employment agreement also contemplates that Mr. Boneparth
will receive additional options, with a Black-Scholes value of 125% to 175% of
Mr. Boneparth's salary on an annual basis. These additional options will vest
ratably on the first three anniversaries of the date of grant and will have
exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the underlying shares on the
date of grant.

    During the term of the employment agreement, Mr. Boneparth will be eligible
to participate in all savings and retirement plans and welfare, fringe and other
benefit plans Jones provides to its other senior executive officers and will be
provided with life and disability insurance coverage.

    The employment agreement provides that for a period of six months after the
merger, Mr. Boneparth will not sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of Jones
common stock underlying the options to acquire Jones common stock that
Mr. Boneparth receives pursuant to the merger. After the six month anniversary
of the completion of the merger, Mr. Boneparth may sell or otherwise dispose of
25% of the shares of Jones common stock underlying the options he receives
pursuant to the merger. Additionally, on each of the first three anniversaries
of the completion of the merger, Mr. Boneparth may sell or otherwise dispose of
an additional 25% of the shares of Jones common stock underlying the options he
receives pursuant to the merger.

    In the event of a termination of Mr. Boneparth's employment without "cause"
or his resignation for "good reason," as such terms are defined in his
employment agreement, Mr. Boneparth will be entitled to receive:

    - any unpaid salary through the date of termination and any bonus earned in
      the prior year but not yet paid,

    - his target bonus for the calendar year in which termination occurs,
      prorated for the portion of the year preceding termination,

    - a monthly cash payment during the employment term equal to the sum of his
      monthly salary in effect prior to the termination and one-twelfth of his
      target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs,

    - continuation of his participation during the employment term in all
      benefit plans in which he was participating immediately preceding his
      termination, and

    - reimbursement for up to $10,000 of executive outplacement services.

Also, upon termination of employment by Jones without cause or by Mr. Boneparth
for good reason, Mr. Boneparth's stock options which are not then vested will
become fully vested and immediately exercisable during the remaining term of
those options.

    If Mr. Boneparth's employment is terminated by Jones without cause or by
Mr. Boneparth for good reason following a change in control of Jones (as defined
in Jones' 1999 Stock Incentive Plan) and prior to the expiration of the
employment term, Jones will pay Mr. Boneparth:

    - any unpaid salary through the date of termination and any bonus earned in
      the prior year but not yet paid,

    - his target bonus for the calendar year in which termination occurs,
      prorated for the portion of that year preceding termination,

    - a lump sum equal to 600% of his annual salary in effect immediately prior
      to the termination, and

    - a lump sum equal to Jones' cost for health insurance, life insurance and
      retirement benefits for any remaining portion of the employment term.

    In addition, the employment agreement provides that if any "golden
parachute" excise tax may be imposed on Mr. Boneparth under the Internal Revenue
Code as a result of any payment or benefit he receives under his employment
agreement or otherwise, such payment or benefit will be reduced if and to the
extent that a reduction would result in Mr. Boneparth retaining a larger amount,
on an after-tax basis, than if Mr. Boneparth received the entire amount of such
payments or benefits.

    The employment agreement also contains customary restrictive covenants
pertaining to confidentiality, nonsolicitation and noncompetition.

    STOCK OPTIONS.  Upon the completion of the merger, each option to acquire
McNaughton common stock held by directors and officers of McNaughton will become
fully vested and immediately exercisable, as is the case with all stock options
of McNaughton. For a description of the treatment in the merger of options to
acquire shares of McNaughton common stock held by directors and senior officers
of McNaughton, see "--Treatment of McNaughton Stock Options" below.

    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH AMANDA J. BOKMAN.  In contemplation of the merger,
Norton McNaughton of Squire, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of McNaughton,
amended its employment agreement with Amanda J. Bokman, Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of McNaughton. The amendment provides for the payment to
Ms. Bokman of:

    - $400,000 upon the completion of the merger in lieu of the bonus otherwise
      payable to Ms. Bokman for McNaughton's fiscal year 2001 pursuant to
      McNaughton's Incentive Bonus Plan for Senior Officers, and

    - $300,000 on the earlier to occur of:

       - any termination by McNaughton (other than for cause) of Ms. Bokman's
         employment with McNaughton following the completion of the merger, and

       - the first anniversary of the completion of the merger if Ms. Bokman is
         still employed by McNaughton at that time.

    INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE.  The merger agreement provides that all
rights of indemnification for acts and omissions occurring before the completion
of the merger existing in favor of the current and former directors, officers,
employees or agents of McNaughton and its subsidiaries as provided in their
respective certificates of incorporation and by-laws, and any existing
indemnification agreements between McNaughton and any current or former
director, officer, employee or agent, will be assumed by the surviving
corporation in the merger and that Jones will cause these provisions to continue
in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. The merger agreement
also provides that for six years after the completion of the merger, Jones will
maintain the current directors' and officers' liability insurance policy
maintained by McNaughton for acts or omissions occurring prior to completing the
merger covering those persons who were, as of the date of the merger agreement,
covered by that policy, on terms no less favorable in any material respect than
those in effect on the date of the merger agreement, although Jones is not
obligated to pay aggregate premiums in excess of 225% of the amount McNaughton
paid in its 2001 fiscal year, which was $151,750.

    NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS FEES.  Upon completion of the merger, and in
recognition of their services to McNaughton, including in connection with the
proposed merger, each non-employee director of McNaughton will receive $60,000.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

    Jones intends to treat the merger as a purchase for accounting and financial
reporting purposes, which means that McNaughton will be treated as a separate
entity for periods prior to the completion of the merger and, thereafter, as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Jones.

FORM OF THE MERGER

    Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in
accordance with Delaware law, upon completion of the merger, McNaughton will be
merged with and into MCN Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of
Jones formed for purposes of the merger and a party to the merger agreement, or,
upon the election of Jones, another wholly owned subsidiary of Jones. The
acquisition subsidiary will survive the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Jones and will continue its corporate existence under Delaware law under the
name "McNaughton Apparel Group Inc."

MERGER CONSIDERATION

    Upon completion of the merger, each share of McNaughton common stock, except
for treasury stock and stock held by Jones, the acquisition subsidiary and
stockholders who perfect their appraisal rights, will be converted into the
right to receive $10.50 in cash and a fraction of a share of Jones common stock
based on the exchange ratio. The exchange ratio will be based on the average of
the closing sale prices of Jones common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for
the five consecutive trading days ending with the second trading day prior to,
and excluding, the closing date. The exchange ratio will be:

    - 0.2820, if the five-day average price of Jones common stock as calculated
      above is greater than or equal to $29.78 and less than or equal to $44.68,

    - equal to $12.60 divided by the five-day average price of Jones common
      stock, if the five-day average price of Jones common stock is greater than
      $44.68, and

    - equal to $8.40 divided by the five-day average price of Jones common
      stock, if the five-day average price of Jones common stock is less than
      $29.78.

    If the closing price of Jones common stock on May [ - ], 2001, which was
$[ - ], was the five-day average price referred to above, after completion of
the merger you would be entitled to receive $10.50 in cash and 0.2820 shares of
Jones common stock which together would have a total consideration value of
$[ - ]. You will be entitled to receive cash for any fractional share of Jones
common stock that you would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to the
merger.

    The market value of the Jones common stock on the date on which the merger
is completed may be different than the five-day average price of Jones common
stock used in determining the exchange ratio. As a result, the market value of
the Jones common stock you receive pursuant to the merger may be more or less
than the value attributed to Jones common stock in calculating the exchange
ratio.

CONVERSION OF SHARES; PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

    The conversion of each share of McNaughton common stock (other than those
held by stockholders who perfect their appraisal rights) into the right to
receive a fraction of a share of Jones common stock and $10.50 in cash will
occur automatically upon completion of the merger. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the completion of the merger, the exchange agent will send a
letter of

transmittal to each former McNaughton stockholder. The letter of transmittal
will contain instructions with respect to obtaining the merger consideration in
exchange for shares of McNaughton common stock.

 MCNAUGHTON STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT RETURN STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED
                                  PROXY CARD.

    After the merger, each certificate that previously represented shares of
McNaughton common stock will represent only the right to receive the merger
consideration (or, in the case of shares subject to appraisal rights, the right
to receive the amount in cash determined under Delaware law), including cash for
any fractional shares of Jones common stock.

    Holders of certificates previously representing McNaughton common stock will
not be paid dividends or distributions on the Jones common stock which they are
entitled to receive pursuant to the merger with a record date after the merger,
and will not be paid cash for any fractional shares of Jones common stock, until
their certificates are surrendered to the exchange agent for exchange. When
their certificates are surrendered, any unpaid dividends and any cash instead of
fractional shares will be paid without interest.

    In the event of a transfer of ownership of McNaughton common stock that is
not registered in the transfer records of McNaughton, the cash portion of the
merger consideration, including any cash payable instead of fractional shares,
may be paid, and a certificate representing the proper number of shares of Jones
common stock may be issued, to a person other than the person in whose name the
surrendered certificate is registered if:

    - the surrendered certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper
      form for transfer, and

    - the person requesting such payment and issuance pays any transfer or other
      taxes required by reason of the payment of cash and the issuance of shares
      of Jones common stock to a person other than the registered holder of the
      surrendered certificate or establishes to the satisfaction of Jones that
      such taxes have been paid or are not applicable.

    The merger consideration paid and issued upon surrender for exchange of
shares of McNaughton common stock, including any cash paid instead of any
fractional shares or upon exercise of appraisal rights, will be deemed to have
been paid and issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to those
shares of McNaughton common stock.

    No fractional shares of Jones common stock will be issued to any McNaughton
stockholder upon surrender of certificates previously representing McNaughton
common stock. Each McNaughton stockholder who would otherwise have been entitled
to receive a fraction of a share of Jones common stock will be entitled to
receive an amount in cash without interest equal to the product obtained by
multiplying the fractional share interest to which the holder would otherwise be
entitled multiplied by the average of the closing prices of Jones common stock
on the New York Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the closing date.

EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

    The merger will become effective upon the filing of the certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or such later time
agreed upon by Jones and McNaughton and specified in the certificate of merger.
The filing of the certificate of merger will occur as soon as practicable
following the closing of the merger.

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF JONES COMMON STOCK

    It is a condition to the completion of the merger that Jones common stock
issuable to McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger and issuable upon
exercise of options to purchase

Jones common stock into which options to purchase McNaughton common stock are
converted in the merger be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange,
subject to official notice of issuance.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK

    If the merger is completed, McNaughton common stock will be delisted from
The Nasdaq Stock Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

    The following general discussion summarizes material United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger to holders of McNaughton common stock who
hold their McNaughton common stock as a capital asset. It does not address all
of the United States federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to
particular stockholders in light of their individual circumstances or to
stockholders who are subject to special rules, such as financial institutions,
tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities or foreign
currencies, foreign holders, persons who hold such shares as a hedge against
currency risk, or as part of a constructive sale or conversion transaction, or
holders who acquired their shares upon the exercise of employee stock options or
otherwise as compensation. The following summary is not binding on the Internal
Revenue Service. It is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, laws, regulations,
rulings and decisions in effect as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect. Tax consequences under state, local and foreign laws are not
addressed.

    No ruling has been or will be sought from the Internal Revenue Service as to
the United States federal income tax consequences of the merger. As a result,
there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not disagree
with or challenge any of the conclusions described below.

    HOLDERS OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK ARE STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX
ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING
THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND
OTHER TAX LAWS IN THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

    For purposes of this discussion, "U.S. Holder" means:

    - a citizen or resident of the United States,

    - a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or
      organized under the laws of the United States or any of its political
      subdivisions,

    - a trust if a United States court is able to exercise primary supervision
      over the administration of the trust and one or more United States
      fiduciaries have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the
      trust, or

    - an estate that is subject to United States federal income tax on its
      income regardless of its source.

    UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER.  Each of
Cravath, Swaine & Moore, outside counsel to Jones, and Torys, outside counsel to
McNaughton, has delivered its opinion to Jones and McNaughton, respectively, to
the effect that:

    - the merger will be treated for United States federal income tax purposes
      as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
      Revenue Code, and

    - Jones, the acquisition subsidiary and McNaughton will each be a party to
      that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal
      Revenue Code.

    These opinions are subject to qualifications and based on currently
applicable law and/or customary representations made by McNaughton and Jones. An
opinion of counsel represents counsel's

best legal judgment and is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any
court. The Cravath, Swaine & Moore and Torys tax opinions are attached as
Exhibits 8.1 and 8.2, respectively, to the registration statement on Form S-4 of
which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part.

    The completion of the merger is conditioned upon, among other things, the
receipt by Jones and McNaughton of tax opinions of Cravath, Swaine & Moore and
Torys, respectively, each dated as of the closing date, to the same effect, and
subject to the same qualifications, as those that have been delivered to Jones
and McNaughton and described above. Under certain circumstances, the Jones
common stock portion of the merger consideration may be increased and the cash
portion of the merger consideration may be decreased in order to enable such
legal opinions to be delivered and the merger to qualify as a reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes.

    In the opinion of Torys, the following discussion, to the extent it
constitutes statements of law or legal conclusions, and subject to the
limitations contained herein and the limitations described in the opinion of
Torys, summarizes the material United States federal income tax consequences of
the merger to U.S. Holders of McNaughton common stock.

    EXCHANGE OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK FOR A COMBINATION OF JONES COMMON STOCK
AND CASH. Except as discussed below under "--Cash Instead of Fractional Shares",
upon the exchange of his or her McNaughton common stock for a combination of
Jones common stock and cash pursuant to the merger, a U.S. Holder of McNaughton
common stock generally will recognize capital gain, but will not recognize any
loss, in an amount equal to the lesser of:

    - the amount of gain realized by the U.S. Holder (I.E., the excess of
      (1) the sum of the amount of cash plus the fair market value of the Jones
      common stock received by the U.S. Holder over (2) the U.S. Holder's tax
      basis in his or her McNaughton common stock), and

    - the amount of cash received by the U.S. Holder.

    The adjusted tax basis of the shares of Jones common stock, including any
fractional interest, received by a U.S. Holder of McNaughton common stock will
be equal to the adjusted tax basis of the shares of McNaughton common stock
exchanged, decreased by the amount of cash received in exchange for such shares
and increased by the amount of any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder. A U.S.
Holder's holding period with respect to the shares of Jones common stock
received pursuant to the merger will include the holding period of the
McNaughton common stock exchanged, provided that such shares of McNaughton
common stock are held as capital assets on the date of the merger.

    CASH INSTEAD OF FRACTIONAL SHARES.  A U.S. Holder of McNaughton common stock
who receives cash instead of fractional shares of Jones common stock will be
treated as having received the fractional shares pursuant to the merger and then
having exchanged the fractional shares for cash in a redemption by Jones. Any
gain or loss attributable to fractional shares generally will be capital gain or
loss. The amount of the gain or loss will be equal to the difference between the
amount of cash received and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the fractional share
interest.

    DISSENTING SHARES.  A U.S. Holder of McNaughton common stock who receives
cash in respect of a share of McNaughton common stock pursuant to an appraisal
of such shares under Delaware law will recognize gain or loss equal to the
difference between the amount of cash received and his or her tax basis in the
shares. Any gain or loss attributable to such shares generally will be capital
gain or loss.

    CAPITAL GAIN OR LOSS.  Any capital gain recognized by an individual U.S.
Holder of McNaughton common stock in connection with the transfer of his or her
McNaughton common stock pursuant to the merger will be subject to a maximum
United States federal income tax rate of 20% if the individual has held his or
her McNaughton common stock for more than 12 months at the effective time of the
merger. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations for both
individuals and corporations.

    BACKUP WITHHOLDING.  Certain noncorporate holders of McNaughton common stock
may be subject to backup withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in
exchange for McNaughton common stock instead of fractional shares of Jones
common stock or in respect of McNaughton common stock pursuant to Delaware's
appraisal statute. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a stockholder
who (1) furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that he
or she is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form W-9 or
successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be delivered to
McNaughton stockholders following completion of the merger, (2) provides a
certification of foreign status on Form W-8BEN or successor form or (3) is
otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

    CONSEQUENCES TO JONES, THE ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY AND MCNAUGHTON.  In the
opinions of Torys and Cravath, Swaine & Moore, the following discussion, to the
extent it constitutes a statement of law or a legal conclusion and subject to
the limitations contained herein and the limitations described in the opinions
of Torys and Cravath, Swaine & Moore, summarizes the material United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger to Jones, the acquisition
subsidiary and McNaughton. No gain or loss will be recognized by Jones, the
acquisition subsidiary or McNaughton as a result of the merger.

REGULATORY MATTERS

    Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act of 1976 and related rules, certain
transactions, including the merger, may not be completed unless certain waiting
period requirements have been satisfied. On May [ - ], 2001, Jones and
McNaughton each filed a Notification and Report Form with the Antitrust Division
and the Federal Trade Commission and requested an early termination of the
required waiting period. If early termination is not granted and a request for
additional information by the relevant antitrust authorities is not made, the
waiting period will expire at midnight on June [ - ], 2001. At any time before
or after the completion of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the Federal Trade
Commission or others could take action under the antitrust laws with respect to
the merger, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger, to rescind
the merger or to conditionally approve the merger upon the divestiture of
substantial assets of Jones or McNaughton. A challenge to the merger on
antitrust grounds could be made and, if such a challenge is made, it could be
successful.

    It is possible that any of the governmental entities with which filings are
made may seek various regulatory concessions. There can be no assurance that:

    - Jones or McNaughton will be able to satisfy or comply with such
      conditions, or

    - compliance or non compliance will not have adverse consequences for Jones
      after completion of the merger.

    See "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to the Completion of the Merger" on
page 43.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS MATTERS

    As of the closing date, the surviving corporation in the merger will assume
and perform in accordance with its terms, including any reserved right to amend
or terminate, each McNaughton employee benefit plan, including any
indemnification agreements existing on the date of the merger agreement. Jones
has agreed that for a period of 12 months beginning on the closing date, Jones
will, or will cause the surviving corporation to, maintain for the benefit of
employees of McNaughton immediately before the merger the McNaughton employee
benefit plans as in effect immediately before the merger (other than with
respect to changes required by applicable law and other than McNaughton stock
plans and other equity or equity based plans) or provide benefits (other than
McNaughton stock plans and other equity or equity-based plans) that are no less
favorable, in the aggregate, than the benefits provided to those employees
immediately before the merger. For a period of at least 24 months after the
initial 12 month period, Jones will, or will cause the surviving corporation, to
provide those employees with benefits that are substantially similar in the
aggregate to the benefits provided to similarly situated employees of Jones
(other than McNaughton stock plans or other equity or equity-based plans).

    Under the merger agreement, Jones also agreed that it or the surviving
corporation in the merger will:

    - waive all limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting
      periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable
      to employees of McNaughton immediately before the merger under any welfare
      plan that these employees may be eligible to participate in after the
      merger to the extent waived or satisfied under the applicable
      corresponding McNaughton employee benefit plan immediately prior to the
      merger,

    - provide those employees with credit for any co-payments and deductibles
      paid for the year in which the merger is completed in satisfying any
      applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any welfare
      plans that those employees are eligible to participate in after the
      merger, and

    - provide employees of McNaughton immediately before the merger with credit
      for all purposes for all service with McNaughton and its affiliates under
      each employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of Jones or its
      affiliates in which these employees are eligible to participate to the
      extent the service was credited for similar purposes under similar
      McNaughton employee benefit plans, except that no employee will be
      entitled to any credit under any defined benefit pension plan of Jones or
      its subsidiaries or to the extent that the credit would result in a
      duplication of benefits with respect to the same period of service.

    McNaughton agreed that it will cause its employee stock purchase plan (and
any then outstanding offering period thereunder) to terminate at the closing of
the merger in accordance with the terms of that plan as in effect on the date of
the merger agreement and will promptly refund to each participant in the plan
the entire amount credited to his or her stock purchase account as of the
closing date.

TREATMENT OF MCNAUGHTON STOCK OPTIONS

    The merger agreement contemplates that, in the merger, holders of options to
acquire McNaughton common stock will be treated effectively in the same manner
as holders of McNaughton common stock. Thus, a portion of the options to acquire
McNaughton common stock, determined on a share-by-share basis, that are
"in-the-money" will be converted into cash, and the remainder of the options,
including all "underwater options", will be converted into options to acquire
Jones common stock.

    Each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase a share of McNaughton
common stock granted to current and former employees and non-employee directors
of McNaughton outstanding immediately prior to the merger which has an exercise
price per share that is equal to or less than the sum of $10.50 and the product
of the exchange ratio and the five-day average price of Jones common stock will
be amended and converted into:

    - an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions, a number of shares
      of Jones common stock equal to the exchange ratio, at an exercise price
      per share equal to the quotient obtained by dividing

       - the product of:

           - 1.0 minus a fraction, the numerator of which is $10.50 and the
             denominator of which is the sum of $10.50 and the product of the
             exchange ratio and the five-day average price of Jones common
             stock, and

           - the per share exercise price for the share of McNaughton common
             stock subject to the option, by

       - the exchange ratio, and

    - the right to receive from Jones a cash payment net of all applicable
      withholding taxes in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of $10.50 over
      the product of

       - a fraction, the numerator of which is $10.50 and the denominator of
         which is the sum of $10.50 and the product of the exchange ratio and
         the five-day average price of Jones common stock, and

       - the per share exercise price for the share of McNaughton common stock
         subject to the option.

    Each outstanding and unexercised option to purchase a share of McNaughton
common stock granted to current and former employees and non-employee directors
of McNaughton outstanding immediately prior to the merger which has an exercise
price per share of McNaughton common stock that is greater than the sum of
$10.50 and the product of the exchange ratio and the five-day average price of
Jones common stock will be amended and converted into:

    - an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions, a number of shares
      of Jones common stock equal to the quotient (the "underwater option
      exchange ratio") obtained by dividing

       - the sum of $10.50 and the product of the exchange ratio and the
         five-day average price of Jones common stock, by

       - the five day average price of Jones common stock

    - at an exercise price per share of Jones common stock equal to the quotient
      obtained by dividing

       - the per share exercise price for a the share of McNaughton common stock
         subject to the option, by

       - the underwater option exchange ratio.

    All options to acquire Jones common stock that result from the conversion of
an option to acquire more than one share of McNaughton common stock held by a
single optionholder will be aggregated and treated as a single option to acquire
the aggregate number of shares of Jones common stock (rounded to the nearest
whole share) subject to all such options.

    Upon completion of the merger, Jones will assume McNaughton's stock plans,
with the result that all obligations of McNaughton under its stock plans,
including with respect to options outstanding under the plans, will become
obligations of Jones. In addition, upon completion of the merger, each option
will become fully vested and immediately exercisable.

    Except as described above, all restrictions or limitations on transfer with
respect to options awarded under McNaughton's stock plans or any other plan,
program or arrangement of McNaughton or any of its subsidiaries, to the extent
that such restrictions or limitations have not already lapsed, and all other
terms of such plans, programs and arrangements, will remain in effect.

RESALE OF JONES COMMON STOCK

    Jones common stock issued pursuant to the merger will not be subject to any
restrictions on transfer arising under the Securities Act of 1933, except for
shares issued to any McNaughton stockholder who may be deemed to be an
"affiliate" of Jones or McNaughton for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities
Act. It is expected that each such affiliate will agree not to transfer any
shares of Jones common stock received pursuant to the merger except in
compliance with the resale provisions of Rule 144 or 145 under the Securities
Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. The merger agreement
requires McNaughton to use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause its
affiliates to enter into these agreements, and the execution of these agreements
is a condition to the obligation of Jones to complete the merger. This proxy
statement/prospectus does not cover resales of

Jones common stock received by any person upon completion of the merger, and no
person is authorized to make any use of this proxy statement/prospectus in
connection with any resale.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    When the merger is completed, McNaughton stockholders who do not vote in
favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and who comply with the procedures
prescribed in Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware will be entitled to a judicial appraisal of the fair value of their
shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger, and to receive payment of the fair value of their
shares in cash, together with a judicially determined fair rate of interest. The
following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures that must be followed
by a McNaughton stockholder in order to perfect appraisal rights under Delaware
law.

    THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS NOT A COMPLETE STATEMENT OF THE DELAWARE LAW
PERTAINING TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY THE FULL TEXT
OF SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WHICH IS
ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C. BECAUSE OF THE
COMPLEXITY OF SECTION 262 AND THE NEED TO STRICTLY COMPLY WITH VARIOUS TECHNICAL
REQUIREMENTS, YOU SHOULD READ ANNEX C IN ITS ENTIRETY. A PERSON HAVING A
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN SHARES OF MCNAUGHTON COMMON STOCK HELD OF RECORD IN THE
NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A BROKER OR NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE
THE RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW THE STEPS SUMMARIZED BELOW PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY
MANNER TO PERFECT APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

    Under Section 262, where a merger is to be submitted for approval at a
meeting of stockholders, as in the case of the adoption of the merger agreement
by McNaughton stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the
meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that
such appraisal rights are available and include in such notice a copy of
Section 262. THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SHALL CONSTITUTE SUCH NOTICE, AND
THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY PROVISIONS ARE ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX C.

    A holder of shares of McNaughton common stock wishing to exercise such
holder's appraisal rights:

    - must deliver to McNaughton, before the vote on the adoption of the merger
      agreement at the special meeting, a written demand for the appraisal of
      his or her shares, and

    - must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

    In order not to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, a
stockholder must either:

    - not return a proxy card and not vote in person in favor of the adoption of
      the merger agreement,

    - return a proxy card with the "Against" or "Abstain" box checked,

    - vote in person against the adoption of the merger agreement, or

    - register in person an abstention from the proposal to adopt the merger
      agreement.

    ALL WRITTEN DEMANDS FOR APPRAISAL PURSUANT TO SECTION 262 SHOULD BE SENT OR
DELIVERED TO MCNAUGHTON AT 463 SEVENTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10018, ATTENTION:
SECRETARY.

    A holder of shares of McNaughton common stock wishing to exercise such
holder's appraisal rights must hold of record such shares on the date the
written demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold such shares of
record through the effective time of the merger. A vote against the adoption of
the merger agreement will not in and of itself constitute a written demand for
appraisal satisfying the requirements of Section 262. The demand must reasonably
inform McNaughton of the

identity of the holder as well as the intention of the holder to demand an
appraisal of the "fair value" of the shares held by such holder. A stockholder's
failure to make the written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the
adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting of McNaughton
stockholders will constitute a waiver of appraisal rights.

    Only a holder of record of shares of McNaughton common stock is entitled to
assert appraisal rights for the shares of McNaughton common stock registered in
that holder's name. A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of McNaughton
common stock should be executed by or on behalf of the holder of record, fully
and correctly, as such holder's name appears on such holder's stock
certificates, and must state that such person intends thereby to demand
appraisal of such holder's shares of McNaughton common stock in connection with
the merger. If the shares of McNaughton common stock are owned of record in a
fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of
the demand should be made in that capacity, and if the shares of McNaughton
common stock are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy
and tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including two or more joint owners, may
execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a holder of record; however, the
agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose the fact
that in executing the demand, the agent is agent for such owner or owners. A
record holder such as a broker who holds shares of McNaughton common stock as
nominee for several beneficial owners may exercise appraisal rights with respect
to the shares of McNaughton common stock held for one or more beneficial owners
while not exercising such rights with respect to the shares of McNaughton common
stock held for other beneficial owners. In such case, however, the written
demand should set forth the number of shares of McNaughton common stock as to
which appraisal is sought, and where no number of shares of McNaughton common
stock is expressly mentioned the demand will be presumed to cover all shares of
McNaughton common stock held in the name of the record owner. Stockholders who
hold their shares of McNaughton common stock in brokerage accounts or other
nominee forms and who wish to exercise appraisal rights are urged to consult
with their brokers to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a
demand for appraisal by such a nominee.

    Within ten days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving
corporation must notify each holder of McNaughton common stock who has complied
with Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement of the date that the merger has become effective. Within 120 days
after the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation or any holder
of McNaughton common stock who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to
appraisal rights under Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Court of
Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of such holder's shares of
McNaughton common stock. The surviving corporation is under no obligation to and
has no present intention to file such a petition. Accordingly, it is the
obligation of the holders of McNaughton common stock to initiate all necessary
action to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of their shares of
McNaughton common stock within the time prescribed in Section 262.

    Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any holder of
McNaughton common stock who has complied with the requirements for exercise of
appraisal rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the
surviving corporation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares
not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and with respect to
which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of
holders of such shares. Such statement must be mailed within ten days after a
written request for the statement has been received by the surviving corporation
or within ten days after the expiration of the period for delivery of demands
for appraisal, whichever is later.

    If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed by a holder of shares of
McNaughton common stock and a copy of the petition is served upon the surviving
corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days to
file with the Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified list

containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal of their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their
shares have not been reached. After notice to such stockholders as required by
the court, the Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on
such petition to determine those stockholders who have complied with
Section 262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262.
The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the holders of shares of McNaughton
common stock who demanded payment for their shares to submit their stock
certificates to the Delaware Register in Chancery for notation on the
certificate of the pendency of the appraisal proceeding. If any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss
the proceedings as to such stockholder.

    After determining the holders of McNaughton common stock entitled to
appraisal, the Delaware Court of Chancery will appraise the "fair value" of
their shares of McNaughton common stock, exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with a
fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the
fair value. Holders of McNaughton common stock considering seeking appraisal
should be aware that the fair value of their shares of McNaughton common stock
as so determined could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration
they would receive pursuant to the merger if they did not seek appraisal of
their shares of McNaughton common stock and that investment banking opinions as
to fairness from a financial point of view are not necessarily opinions as to
fair value under Section 262. The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that proof
of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable
in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court should be
considered in the appraisal proceedings. In addition, Delaware courts have
decided that the statutory appraisal remedy, depending on factual circumstances,
may or may not be a dissenter's exclusive remedy. The Delaware Court of Chancery
will also determine the amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the amounts
to be received by persons whose shares of McNaughton common stock have been
appraised. The costs of the action may be determined by the court and taxed upon
the parties as the court deems equitable. The court may also order that all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with an
appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the
fees and expenses of experts utilized in the appraisal proceeding, be charged
pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to be appraised.

    Any holder of shares of McNaughton common stock who has duly demanded an
appraisal in compliance with Section 262 will not, after the effective time of
the merger, be entitled to vote the shares of McNaughton common stock subject to
such demand for any purpose or be entitled to the payment of dividends or other
distributions on those shares of McNaughton common stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to holders of record of McNaughton common stock as
of a record date prior to the effective time of the merger).

    If any stockholder who demands appraisal of such holder's shares of
McNaughton common stock under Section 262 fails to perfect, or effectively
withdraws or loses, such holder's right to appraisal, the shares of McNaughton
common stock of such stockholder will be deemed to have been converted at the
effective time of the merger into the right to receive the merger consideration.
A stockholder will fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, such
holder's right to appraisal if no petition for appraisal is filed within
120 days after the effective time of the merger, or if the stockholder delivers
to the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of such holder's demand for
appraisal and an acceptance of the merger, except that any such attempt to
withdraw made more than 60 days after the effective time of the merger will
require the written approval of the surviving corporation and, once a petition
for appraisal is filed, the appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to any
holder absent court approval.

    FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE STEPS REQUIRED BY SECTION 262 OF THE GENERAL
CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE FOR PERFECTING APPRAISAL RIGHTS MAY
RESULT IN THE LOSS OF SUCH RIGHTS.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

    THE FOLLOWING DESCRIPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE COMPLETE TEXT OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, A COPY OF
WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX A AND IS
INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. WE URGE YOU TO READ THE FULL TEXT OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.

    CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.  Each party's obligation to
complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified
conditions before completion of the merger, including the following:

    - the adoption of the merger agreement by holders of a majority of all
      outstanding shares of McNaughton common stock,

    - the approval for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
      official notice of issuance, of the shares of Jones common stock issuable
      (1) to McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger and (2) upon
      exercise of options to purchase Jones common stock into which options to
      purchase McNaughton common stock will be converted pursuant to the merger
      agreement,

    - the expiration or termination of any waiting period applicable to the
      merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 or
      any similar law,

    - the absence of any restraining order, injunction or other court order or
      decree or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of
      the merger, and

    - the absence of any stop order or proceeding seeking a stop order with
      respect to the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this proxy
      statement/prospectus forms a part.

    In addition, the obligation of each of Jones and McNaughton to complete to
the merger is further subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
additional conditions:

    - the representations and warranties of the other party set forth in the
      merger agreement that are qualified as to materiality or material adverse
      effect (as defined below), including the representation and warranty that
      there has not been a material adverse effect on the other party, being
      true and correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
      closing date as though made as of the closing date, except to the extent a
      representation and warranty expressly relates to a specific date, in which
      case as of that date,

    - the representations and warranties of the other party set forth in the
      merger agreement that are not qualified as to materiality or material
      adverse effect being true and correct in all material respects as of the
      date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date as though made as
      of the closing date, except to the extent a representation and warranty
      expressly relates to a specific date, in which case as of that date,

    - the other party having performed in all material respects all obligations
      required to be performed by it under the merger agreement, and

    - having received from its counsel on the date the registration statement on
      Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, is
      declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and on the
      closing date an opinion to the effect that the merger will qualify for
      United States federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the
      meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and Jones, the
      acquisition subsidiary and McNaughton will each be a party to the
      reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal
      Revenue Code.

    In addition, Jones' and the acquisition subsidiary's obligation to complete
the merger is further subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

    - Jones must receive from each affiliate of McNaughton an executed agreement
      relating to sales of Jones common stock received pursuant to the merger
      substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the merger agreement,

    - there must not be pending any suit, action or proceeding by any
      governmental entity seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion of the
      merger, or to materially limit the ownership, operation or control by
      Jones of McNaughton in specified material respects,

    - there must not be pending any suit, action or proceeding brought by any
      third party other than a governmental entity against McNaughton or any of
      its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to succeed, except for
      suits, actions or proceedings that could not reasonably be expected to
      have a material adverse effect on McNaughton, and

    - Jones must receive evidence that all consents and approvals of
      governmental entities required in connection with the merger agreement
      have been obtained, except for those the failure of which to be obtained
      could not reasonably be expected to restrain or prohibit the completion of
      the merger or materially limit the ownership, operation or control by
      Jones of McNaughton in specified material respects.

    The merger agreement provides that a "material adverse effect" means, when
used in reference to McNaughton or Jones, any state of facts, change,
development, effect, condition or occurrence that could reasonably be expected
to:

    - be material and adverse to the business, assets, properties, condition or
      results of operations of the company and its subsidiaries, taken as a
      whole, or

    - prevent or materially impede or delay the completion of the merger or the
      other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    However, there will be no material adverse effect to the extent that any
state of facts, change, development, event, effect, condition or occurrence
results from:

    - changes in the United States economy or securities markets in general, or

    - changes in the industries in which Jones or McNaughton operate and not
      specifically relating to Jones or McNaughton, as the case may be.

    NO SOLICITATION.  The merger agreement contains detailed provisions
prohibiting McNaughton from seeking an alternative transaction. Under these "no
solicitation" provisions, McNaughton has agreed that neither it nor its
subsidiaries will, and that it will not authorize or permit any of its or its
subsidiaries' directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants or other advisors or representatives to, directly or indirectly:

    - solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any
      takeover proposal, as described below, or any inquiries or the making of
      any proposal that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a
      takeover proposal, or

    - have any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person
      any information with respect to, or otherwise cooperate with, a takeover
      proposal.

    The term "takeover proposal" means an inquiry, proposal or offer relating
to, or that is reasonably likely to lead to, any acquisition, including any
merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer,

stock acquisition, asset acquisition, binding share exchange, business
combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or
similar transaction, of:

    - assets or businesses that constitute 20% or more of the total revenue,
      operating income, EBITDA or assets of McNaughton and its subsidiaries,
      taken as a whole, or

    - 20% or more of the outstanding common stock of McNaughton or 20% or more
      of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any of
      McNaughton's subsidiaries that hold, directly or indirectly, individually
      or taken together, the assets or businesses referred to above.

    However, the merger agreement does not prevent the McNaughton board of
directors, at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder approval, from:

    - furnishing information with respect to McNaughton and its subsidiaries
      pursuant to a customary confidentiality agreement (so long as all
      information furnished is also provided on a prior or substantially
      concurrent basis to Jones), and

    - participating in discussions or negotiations with,

any person making an unsolicited bona fide written takeover proposal that the
McNaughton board of directors determines in good faith constitutes or is
reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal, as described below.

    The term "superior proposal" means an unsolicited bona fide binding written
offer by a third party to acquire more than 50% of McNaughton common stock or
all or substantially all the assets of McNaughton and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, for consideration that the McNaughton board of directors determines in
its good faith judgment, after consultation with a financial advisor, to have a
higher value than the consideration to be received by McNaughton stockholders
pursuant to the merger, taking into account any changes to the terms of the
merger agreement offered by Jones in response to the superior proposal.

    The merger agreement further provides that neither the McNaughton board of
directors nor any committee of the McNaughton board of directors may:

    - withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse to Jones, or propose publicly to
      withdraw or so modify, its recommendation of the merger agreement or the
      merger,

    - determine, or propose publicly to determine, that the merger agreement or
      the merger is no longer advisable,

    - recommend, or propose publicly to recommend, that McNaughton stockholders
      reject the merger agreement or the merger,

    - recommend, or propose publicly to recommend, approval or adoption of any
      takeover proposal,

    - adopt or approve, or propose publicly to adopt or approve, any takeover
      proposal,

    - withdraw, or propose publicly to withdraw, its approval of the merger
      agreement, or

    - cause or permit McNaughton to enter into any letter of intent, memorandum
      of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger
      agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership
      agreement or other agreement constituting or related to, or which is
      intended to or is reasonably likely to lead to, any takeover proposal.

    However, the merger agreement does not prevent the McNaughton board of
directors or any committee of the McNaughton board of directors from taking any
of the actions specified in the first four bullets of the previous paragraph if
the McNaughton board or such committee determines in good faith (after
consulting with legal counsel) that the failure to take any such action would be
reasonably likely to result in a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable
law.

    Furthermore, the merger agreement provides that the McNaughton board of
directors may, at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder approval,
in response to an unsolicited superior proposal and subject to the next
sentence, cause McNaughton to terminate the merger agreement with Jones and
concurrently enter into a binding agreement for that superior proposal. The
McNaughton board of directors cannot exercise its termination right:

    - unless McNaughton has paid to Jones the termination fee as described below
      in "--Termination Fee" prior to or simultaneously with the termination,
      and

    - until after four business days have passed since McNaughton notified Jones
      that it has received a superior proposal, specifying the terms and
      conditions of the proposal and the person or entity that made the superior
      proposal.

    TERMINATION.  The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to
completion of the merger, even if the merger agreement has been adopted by
McNaughton stockholders:

    - by mutual written consent of Jones and McNaughton,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if the merger has not been completed by
      November 30, 2001,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if there exists a final and nonappealable
      restraining order, injunction or other court order or decree or other
      legal restraint or prohibition preventing completion of the merger,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if McNaughton stockholders do not adopt the
      merger agreement at a duly held stockholders meeting,

    - by either Jones or McNaughton, if the other party has breached any of its
      representations, warranties or covenants contained in the merger
      agreement, which breach would result in a failure of a condition to the
      merger and cannot or has not been cured within ten business days of
      notice,

    - by Jones, if the McNaughton board of directors or any committee of the
      McNaughton board of directors:

        - withdraws, or modifies in a manner adverse to Jones, or proposes
          publicly to withdraw or so modify, its recommendation of the merger
          agreement or the merger,

        - determines, or proposes publicly to determine, that the merger
          agreement or the merger is no longer advisable,

        - recommends, or proposes publicly to recommend, that McNaughton
          stockholders reject the merger agreement or the merger,

        - recommends, or proposes publicly to recommend, approval or adoption of
          any alternative takeover proposal, or

        - fails to confirm its recommendation and declaration of advisability of
          the merger agreement and the merger within 15 business days after a
          written request by Jones to do so is made following a takeover
          proposal by a third party, or

    - by McNaughton, at any time prior to obtaining McNaughton stockholder
      approval and after compliance with specified provisions of the merger
      agreement, in connection with entering into a binding agreement for a
      superior proposal as described above under "--No Solicitation".

    TERMINATION FEE.  McNaughton must to pay Jones a termination fee of
$10 million if:

    - Jones or McNaughton, as applicable, terminates the merger agreement under
      any of the circumstances described in the last two bullet points above
      under "--Termination", or

    - the merger agreement is terminated by Jones or McNaughton if:

        - the termination was due to (1) McNaughton stockholders failing to
          approve the merger or (2) the merger failing to be completed by
          November 30, 2001,

        - prior to such termination, a third party made, or announced an
          intention to make, a takeover proposal, and

        - within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement,
          McNaughton consummates or enters into an agreement with a third party
          providing for the acquisition of assets or businesses that constitute
          35% or more of the total revenue, operating income, EBITDA or assets
          of McNaughton and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or 35% or more
          of the outstanding McNaughton common stock or capital stock or other
          equity or voting interests in subsidiaries of McNaughton holding those
          assets or businesses.

    EXPENSES.  The merger agreement provides that all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring those
fees or expenses, except that expenses incurred in connection with filing,
printing and mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus and the registration
statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms part, will
be shared equally by Jones and McNaughton.

    CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER--MCNAUGHTON.  Under the merger
agreement, McNaughton agreed that, during the period before completion of the
merger, except as consented to in writing by Jones or as specifically required
or permitted by the merger agreement, it will, and will cause each of its
subsidiaries to:

    - carry on its businesses, and continue all pricing, sales, receivables and
      payables practices, in the ordinary course consistent with past practice,

    - comply with all applicable laws in all material respects, and

    - use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve its assets, brands,
      licenses and technology and its relationships with customers, suppliers,
      licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business
      dealings with it.

    In addition, McNaughton has agreed that it will not, and will not permit its
subsidiaries to:

    - declare, set aside or pay dividends, or make any other distribution of any
      of its capital stock, except for dividends by a direct or indirect wholly
      owned subsidiary of McNaughton to its parent,

    - repurchase or redeem its capital stock or other securities,

    - split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue any
      securities in respect of its other securities,

    - issue, sell or encumber any of its capital stock, equity or voting
      interests or other similar securities, other than pursuant to the bonus
      plan for senior executives and the rights agreement, and other than the
      issuance of common stock as a result of the exercise of existing stock
      options or rights under the employee stock purchase plan,

    - amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or similar
      organizational documents,

    - acquire assets constituting a business or any entity, other than inventory
      or other immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business consistent
      with past practice,

    - sell, lease or encumber any of its properties or assets, except sales of
      inventory, factoring of accounts receivable and sales of immaterial assets
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,

    - repurchase, prepay or incur any debt or guarantee any debt of another
      person or issue or sell any debt securities, options, warrants, calls or
      other rights to acquire any debt securities or enter into any arrangement
      having a similar economic effect, except for short term borrowings and
      letters of credit in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
      practice,

    - make any loans, advances (other than for travel expenses advanced to
      employees in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions to,
      or investments in, any other person, other than McNaughton or any of its
      wholly owned subsidiaries,

    - incur any capital expenditures in any manner inconsistent in any material
      respect with McNaughton's capital budget for 2001,

    - pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material claims, liabilities or
      obligations, other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice of
      claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in
      McNaughton's most recent audited financial statements filed with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission,

    - waive, release, grant or transfer any right of material value, other than
      in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or waive
      any material benefit of or fail to enforce any confidentiality, standstill
      or similar agreement to which McNaughton or any of its subsidiaries is a
      party, or agree to modify in a manner adverse to it, or consent to any
      matter with respect to which its consent is required by the terms of, any
      such agreement,

    - enter into, modify, amend or terminate any contract which if so entered
      into, modified, amended or terminated could be reasonably likely to:

        - have a material adverse effect on McNaughton,

        - impair in any material respect the ability of McNaughton to perform
          its obligations under the merger agreement, or

        - prevent or materially delay the consummation of the transactions
          contemplated by the merger agreement,

    - enter into, modify, amend or terminate, except in the ordinary course of
      business consistent with past practice, any material contract,

    - enter into any contract:

        - to the extent compliance by McNaughton with the merger agreement or
          consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
          could reasonably be expected to conflict with or result in a violation
          of that contract, or

        - containing any restriction on the ability of McNaughton or any of its
          subsidiaries to assign its rights, interests or obligations under that
          contract to Jones,

    - pay any material benefit not provided for as of the date of the merger
      agreement under any benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,
      except as otherwise contemplated by the merger agreement or as required to
      comply with applicable law or any provision of any benefit plan, benefit
      agreement or contract,

    - adopt or enter into any collective bargaining agreement,

    - fund compensation or benefits under any benefit plan, benefit agreement or
      contract, except as required to comply with applicable law or any
      provision of any benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,

    - take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of any compensation
      or benefit under any benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,
      except as required to comply with applicable law or any provision of any
      benefit plan, benefit agreement or other contract,

    - maintain insurance at less than current levels or otherwise in a manner
      inconsistent with past practice,

    - take any action or omit to take any action if it would or could reasonably
      be expected to result in:

        - any representation and warranty of McNaughton in the merger agreement
          that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue,

        - any representation and warranty of McNaughton that is not qualified as
          to materiality becoming untrue in any material respect, or

        - any of the conditions to the merger not being satisfied,

    - commence any suit, action or proceeding, other than in connection with the
      collection of accounts receivable, to enforce the merger agreement or as a
      result of a suit, action or proceeding commenced against McNaughton or any
      of its subsidiaries,

    - change its fiscal year,

    - revalue any of its material assets,

    - make any changes in accounting methods, principles or practices, except as
      required by generally accepted accounting principles, or

    - engage in specified practices that would affect sales, collections of
      receivables, payments or that are outside the ordinary course of business.

    CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER--JONES.  Under the merger agreement,
Jones agreed that, during the period before completion of the merger, except as
consented to in writing by McNaughton or as specifically required or permitted
by the merger agreement, Jones will use its reasonable best efforts to preserve
intact its business in all material respects and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
material business dealings with it.

    In addition, Jones has agreed that it will not and, in the case of actions
described in the first two bullets below, will not permit its subsidiaries to:

    - declare or pay dividends, except for dividends by a direct or indirect
      wholly owned subsidiary of Jones to its parent,

    - acquire any of its capital stock or securities convertible into or
      exercisable for any shares of its capital stock through a self-tender
      offer,

    - liquidate or dissolve, or

    - amend its articles of incorporation or by-laws in a manner that would
      cause stockholders of McNaughton who become stockholders of Jones as a
      result of the merger to be treated differently from other stockholders of
      Jones.

    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The merger agreement contains
representations and warranties relating to, among other things:

    - corporate organization and similar corporate matters concerning Jones and
      McNaughton,

    - subsidiaries of McNaughton,

    - the capital structure of each of Jones and McNaughton,

    - the compliance of the merger agreement with:

        - the certificate of incorporation, by-laws and similar organizational
          documents of Jones, acquisition subsidiary and McNaughton and its
          subsidiaries,

        - applicable law, and

        - contracts,

    - documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Jones and
      McNaughton since January 1, 1998 and financial statements included in
      those documents,

    - the absence of material changes or events concerning Jones and McNaughton
      since, in the case of Jones, December 31, 2000 and, in the case of
      McNaughton, November 4, 2000,

    - litigation involving or affecting Jones or McNaughton or their respective
      subsidiaries,

    - contracts to which McNaughton or any of its subsidiaries is a party,

    - compliance with applicable laws by McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - the absence of changes in benefit plans of McNaughton and its
      subsidiaries,

    - certain labor, environmental and employee welfare and benefit plans
      matters with respect to McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - tax matters with respect to Jones and McNaughton and their respective
      subsidiaries,

    - title to property with respect to McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - rights in and non-infringement of intellectual property with respect to
      McNaughton and its subsidiaries,

    - engagement and payment of fees of brokers, investment bankers and
      financial advisors by each of Jones and McNaughton,

    - receipt of a fairness opinion by McNaughton,

    - the vote of McNaughton stockholders required to adopt the merger agreement
      and the absence of any requirement of a vote of Jones stockholders
      relating to the merger agreement or the merger,

    - certain amendments to the McNaughton rights agreement to exempt the merger
      agreement and completion of the merger from that agreement,

    - in the case of McNaughton, the inapplicability of state takeover laws to
      the merger,

    - interim operations of the acquisition subsidiary,

    - common stock of Jones to be issued pursuant to the merger,

    - the absence of any ownership of McNaughton capital stock by Jones and the
      acquisition subsidiary, and

    - matters relating to the ability of Jones to finance the merger.

    OTHER COVENANTS.  The merger agreement also contains other covenants by
McNaughton and Jones, including a covenant to use all commercially reasonable
efforts to take all actions that are necessary, proper or advisable to complete
the merger.

    AMENDMENT, EXTENSION AND WAIVER.  The merger agreement provides that the
parties may amend, by an instrument in writing signed by each party, the merger
agreement, whether before or after any required stockholder approval has been
obtained. In addition, the merger agreement provides that at any time prior to
the completion of the merger, a party may, by a signed instrument in writing,
(1) extend the time for the performance of the obligations or other acts of the
other parties to the merger agreement, (2) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties of the other parties contained in the merger
agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement or
(3) waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in the merger agreement. However, after any required
stockholder approval has been obtained, no amendment or waiver may be made which
by law requires further approval or adoption by stockholders without such
further approval or adoption.

    Under Section 251(d) of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, no amendment to a merger agreement made after the adoption of the
merger agreement by stockholders of a corporation may, without further approval
by the stockholders, alter or change the merger consideration to be received by
those stockholders, alter or change any term of the certificate of incorporation
of the surviving corporation, or alter or change any terms and conditions of the
merger agreement if the alteration or change would adversely affect the holders
of any class or series of stock of the corporation.

                     COMPARATIVE STOCK PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

    Jones common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "JNY". McNaughton common stock is quoted on The Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol "MAGI". The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the high and low sale prices per share of Jones common stock and
McNaughton common stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction
Tape and The Nasdaq Stock Market, respectively. No dividends were paid by Jones
or McNaughton during any period indicated below. For current price information,
McNaughton stockholders are urged to consult publicly available sources.

                                             JONES              MCNAUGHTON
                                         COMMON STOCK          COMMON STOCK
                                      -------------------   -------------------
                                        HIGH       LOW        HIGH       LOW
                                      --------   --------   --------   --------

CALENDAR PERIOD

    First Quarter...................  $32.5000   $21.5000   $ 5.7500   $ 2.3750

    Second Quarter..................   35.8750    26.8750     8.4375     4.2500

    Third Quarter...................   35.4375    24.7500    10.3750     7.6250

    Fourth Quarter..................   33.0000    24.8125     9.2500     6.5000

    First Quarter...................   31.8750    20.1250    11.6250     7.0000

    Second Quarter..................   32.5625    21.2500    11.1250     8.0000

    Third Quarter...................   29.1875    22.0625    17.1250    10.0000

    Fourth Quarter..................   35.0000    23.3125    16.6875     8.5000

    First Quarter...................   41.0900    31.1250    16.8125    10.8125

    Second Quarter (through May [-],  [-]        [-]        [-]        [-]
      2001).........................

    The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices per share of
Jones common stock and McNaughton common stock as reported on the New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transaction Tape and The Nasdaq Stock Market, respectively,
on April 12, 2001, the last full trading day before the execution of the merger
agreement, and on May [ - ], 2001, the latest trading day before the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus:

                                                JONES                          MCNAUGHTON
                                            COMMON STOCK                      COMMON STOCK
                                      -------------------------         -------------------------
                                        HIGH             LOW              HIGH             LOW
                                      --------         --------         --------         --------

April 12, 2001......................   $36.51           $34.48           $17.88           $17.15
May [-], 2001.......................   $  [-]           $  [-]           $  [-]           $  [-]

                       DESCRIPTION OF JONES CAPITAL STOCK

    This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the material terms
of the capital stock of Jones under its amended and restated articles of
incorporation and amended by-laws. The terms of Jones amended and restated
articles of incorporation and amended by-laws are more detailed than the general
information provided below. You should carefully consider the actual provisions
of these documents. The Jones amended and restated articles of incorporation and
amended by-laws may be obtained without charge by following the instructions in
the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 67.

TOTAL SHARES

    The total authorized capital stock of Jones consists of:

    - 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share, and

    - 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share.

    On May [ - ], 2001, there were [ - ] shares of Jones common stock issued and
outstanding, and no shares of Jones preferred stock issued and outstanding.

COMMON STOCK

    VOTING RIGHTS.  Each share of Jones common stock is entitled to one vote on
all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.

    DIVIDENDS.  Holders of Jones common stock are entitled to receive dividends
when and as declared by the Jones board of directors out of legally available
funds. The right of the Jones board of directors to declare dividends, however,
is subject to the requirement that all dividends on any outstanding Jones
preferred stock have been paid or reserved for.

    LIQUIDATION RIGHTS.  In the event of the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of Jones, Jones stockholders are entitled
to receive, pro rata, after satisfaction in full of the prior rights of
creditors and holders of preferred stock, if any, all of Jones' remaining assets
available for distribution.

PREFERRED STOCK

    The Jones board of directors is authorized to provide for the issuance from
time to time of Jones preferred stock in series and, as to each series, to fix
the designation, the dividend rate, whether dividends are cumulative, the
preferences which dividends will have with respect to any other class or series
of capital stock, the voting rights, the voluntary and involuntary liquidation
prices, the conversion or exchange privileges, the redemption prices and the
other terms of redemption, and the terms of any purchase or sinking funds
applicable to the series. Cumulative dividends, dividend preferences and
conversion, exchange and redemption provisions, to the extent that some or all
of these features may be present when shares of Jones preferred stock are
issued, could have an adverse effect on the availability of earnings for
distribution to the holders of Jones common stock or for other corporate
purposes.

      COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS OF JONES AND MCNAUGHTON

    Jones is organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and
McNaughton is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. The rights of
Jones stockholders are currently governed by the Pennsylvania Business
Corporation Law, which we refer to as "Pennsylvania law", Jones' amended and
restated articles of incorporation and Jones' amended by-laws. The rights of
McNaughton stockholders are currently governed by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, which we refer to as "Delaware law", McNaughton's amended
certificate of incorporation and McNaughton's amended by-laws. Upon completion
of the merger, the rights of McNaughton stockholders who become stockholders of
Jones will be governed by Pennsylvania law, Jones' amended and restated articles
of incorporation and Jones' amended by-laws.

    This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the material
differences between the rights of Jones stockholders and McNaughton
stockholders. This section does not include a complete description of all
differences among the rights of these stockholders, nor does it include a
complete description of the specific rights of these stockholders. In addition,
identification of some of the differences in the rights of these stockholders as
material is not intended to indicate that other differences that are equally
important do not exist. You should read carefully the relevant provisions of
Pennsylvania law, Delaware law, Jones' amended and restated articles of
incorporation, Jones' amended by-laws, McNaughton's amended certificate of
incorporation and McNaughton's amended by-laws. Jones' amended and restated
articles of incorporation and amended by-laws and McNaughton's amended
certificate of incorporation and amended by-laws may be obtained without charge
by following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 67.

CAPITALIZATION

    JONES.  Jones' authorized capital stock is described above under
"Description of Jones Capital Stock".

    MCNAUGHTON.  The total authorized shares of capital stock of McNaughton
consist of:

    - 30,000,000 shares of common stock, $.01 par value per share, and

    - 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value per share.

    At the close of business on May [ - ], 2001, there were [ - ] shares of
McNaughton common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of McNaughton
preferred stock issued and outstanding.

    McNaughton has the authority to issue preferred stock from time to time in
one or more series. The McNaughton board of directors is authorized to fix the
designation and number of shares which shall constitute each such series and
other matters related to each such series of unissued and undesignated shares of
preferred stock.

VOTING RIGHTS

    JONES.  Each holder of Jones common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of directors.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Each holder of McNaughton common stock is entitled to one vote
for each share held of record and may not cumulate votes for the election of
directors.

NUMBER AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

    Under both Pennsylvania and Delaware law, the charter document or by-laws of
a corporation may specify the number of directors.

    JONES.  The Jones board of directors has seven members. Jones' amended
by-laws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed by the Jones board
of directors. Jones' amended by-laws further

provide that directors will be elected at the annual meeting of Jones
stockholders and will serve until the next annual meeting of Jones stockholders.

    MCNAUGHTON.  The McNaughton board of directors has seven members.
McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation provides that the number of
directors will be determined as provided in McNaughton's amended by-laws.
McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that the maximum number of directors is
ten, and that the actual number of directors may be fixed by the vote of
stockholders or the board of directors. McNaughton's amended by-laws further
provide that directors will be elected at the annual meeting of McNaughton
stockholders and will serve until the next annual meeting of McNaughton
stockholders.

VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law, unless otherwise provided in the by-laws,
vacancies on the board of directors, including vacancies resulting from an
increase in the number of directors, may be filled by a majority vote of the
remaining directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director,
and each person so selected will serve for the balance of unexpired term. Jones'
amended by-laws provide that vacancies on the Jones board of directors,
including vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of directors, may
be filled by a majority of the remaining directors. A majority of the remaining
directors will also constitute a quorum for purposes of filling the vacancy.

    Because there is no provision regarding the removal of directors in Jones'
amended and restated articles of incorporation or amended by-laws, stockholders
may remove directors without cause under Pennsylvania law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that vacancies on the
McNaughton board of directors, including vacancies and unfilled newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors,
may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office. However, any
vacancy occurring as a result of the removal of a director can only be filled by
McNaughton stockholders at a meeting of stockholders called for that purpose.

    McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that a director, or the entire board of
directors, may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of stockholders
called for the purpose of removal, by the holders of a majority of the shares of
capital stock of McNaughton entitled to vote at that meeting.

APPROVAL OF MERGERS AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law, unless required by the by-laws, stockholder
approval is not required for a plan of merger or consolidation if:

    - the articles of incorporation are not changed in the merger or
      consolidation, except for changes which do not require stockholder
      approval under Pennsylvania law, and the surviving corporation is a
      Pennsylvania corporation,

    - each share of the corporation outstanding immediately prior to the merger
      or consolidation will continue to be or be converted into an identical
      share of the surviving corporation,

    - the plan provides that the stockholders will hold a majority of the votes
      entitled to be cast generally in an election of directors in the surviving
      corporation, and

    - either:

        - immediately prior to the adoption of the plan, another corporation
          that is a party to the merger or consolidation owns directly or
          indirectly 80% or more of the outstanding shares of each class of
          shares, or

        - no shares of the corporation have been issued prior to the adoption of
          the plan of merger or consolidation by the board of directors.

    Jones' amended by-laws do not require stockholder approval in these
circumstances.

    Under Pennsylvania law, stockholder approval is required for the sale,
lease, exchange or other disposition of all, or substantially all, of the
property and assets of a corporation when not made in the usual and regular
course of the business of the corporation, for the purpose of relocating the
business of the corporation, in certain transactions with subsidiaries or in
connection with a sale-leaseback transaction.

    Under Pennsylvania law, stockholder approval is required for the division of
a domestic corporation into two or more domestic or foreign business
corporations unless:

    - the dividing corporation has only one class of shares outstanding, and the
      shares and other securities, if any, of each resulting corporation are
      distributed pro rata to the stockholders of the dividing corporation,

    - the dividing corporation survives the division, and all the shares and
      other securities and obligations of the new corporations resulting from
      the division are owned solely by the surviving corporation, or

    - the transfer, if effected by means of a sale, lease, exchange or other
      disposition, would not require stockholder approval.

    In cases where stockholder approval is required for a merger, consolidation,
division, sale, lease, exchange or other disposition, the transaction must be
approved by receiving the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by
all stockholders entitled to vote thereon.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Under Delaware law, unless required by the certificate of
incorporation, stockholder approval to authorize a merger is not required if:

    - the agreement of merger does not amend the certificate of incorporation,

    - each share of stock outstanding prior to the merger is to be an identical
      outstanding or treasury share of the surviving corporation, and

    - either no shares of common stock of the surviving corporation and no
      shares, securities or obligations convertible into the common stock are to
      be issued under the merger agreement, or the authorized unissued shares or
      the treasury shares of common stock of the surviving corporation to be
      issued under the merger agreement plus those initially issuable upon
      conversion of any other shares, securities or obligations to be issued or
      delivered under the merger agreement does not exceed 20% of the number
      outstanding immediately prior to the merger.

    McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation does not require
stockholder approval in these circumstances.

    Delaware law further provides that a parent corporation that is the record
holder of at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of voting stock
of a subsidiary may, upon authorization by the board of directors of the parent
corporation, merge that subsidiary into its parent corporation without the
approval of the subsidiary's stockholders or board of directors.

    In cases where stockholder approval is required for an agreement of merger
or consolidation or for a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of
a corporation's assets, the stockholder approval must be the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of outstanding shares of the corporation entitled to
vote on the transaction. If, however, the certificate of incorporation provides
for more or less than one vote per share on any matter, the required vote must
be a majority of the combined voting power of the corporation's outstanding
stock.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    JONES.  Pennsylvania law provides that stockholders of a corporation have a
right to dissent from a proposed transaction and to obtain payment of the
judicially determined "fair value" of their shares in a merger, consolidation,
division, share exchange, conversion or asset transfer and in certain other
plans or amendments to the articles of incorporation in which disparate
treatment is given to the holders of shares of the same class or series. These
appraisal rights are not available, however, for any class of stock that is
either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than
2,000 stockholders unless:

    - the shares are not converted solely into shares of the acquiring,
      surviving, new or other corporation, or into such shares combined with
      cash for any fractional shares,

    - the shares being converted are shares of any preferred or special class of
      stock, unless the articles of incorporation or the terms of the
      transaction entitle all holders of the shares of the preferred or special
      class to vote on the transaction and require the approval of the
      affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by all stockholders of
      the preferred or special class, or

    - the transaction provides for disparate treatment for shares of the same
      class or series, and

        - the shares are a group of a class or series which are to receive the
          same special treatment in the transaction, and

        - the group is not entitled to a vote as a special class for such
          transaction.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Delaware law provides for appraisal rights on the part of the
stockholders of a corporation only in the case of specified mergers or
consolidations. Moreover, unless the certificate of incorporation so provides,
Delaware law does not provide for appraisal rights in connection with sales or
transfers of all or substantially all of a corporation's assets, amendments to a
corporation's certificate of incorporation or a merger or consolidation for
stock listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a national
market system security on The Nasdaq Stock Market or held of record by more than
2,000 stockholders, unless the agreement of merger or consolidation requires the
holders of the stock to receive, in exchange for their shares, any property
other than shares of stock of the surviving corporation, shares of stock of any
other corporation listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a
national market system security on The Nasdaq Stock Market or held of record by
more than 2,000 holders, cash instead of fractional shares or any combination of
the foregoing. McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation does not
provide for appraisal rights in these circumstances.

    In addition, Delaware law denies appraisal rights to the stockholders of the
surviving corporation in a merger if the merger did not require the approval of
the stockholders of the surviving corporation. See "--Approval of Mergers and
Other Significant Transactions" above.

AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES/CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law, amendments to the articles of incorporation
may be proposed by the board of directors of a corporation, but stockholders of
a registered corporation, such as Jones, are not entitled to propose amendments
to the articles of incorporation. Adoption of an amendment also requires:

    - the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares which are entitled to
      vote, and

    - if any class or series of shares is entitled to vote on the amendment as a
      class, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares in each class that
      is entitled to vote.

The holders of outstanding shares of a class or series of shares are entitled to
vote as a class on an amendment if the amendment would:

    - authorize the board of directors to fix and determine the relative rights
      and preferences, as between series, of any preferred or special class,

    - make any adverse change in the preferences, limitations or special rights,
      other than preemptive rights or the right to vote cumulatively, of the
      shares of a class or series,

    - authorize a new class or series of shares having a preference as to
      dividends or assets which is senior to the shares of an existing class or
      series, or

    - increase the number of authorized shares of any class or series which has
      a preference as to dividends or assets which is senior in any respect to
      the shares of a then outstanding class or series.

    Any amendment of the articles of incorporation that involves a
reclassification of the corporation's stock in which the percentage of voting or
economic share interest in the corporation of one or more stockholders is
materially increased relative to substantially all other stockholders
constitutes a transaction with an interested stockholder and must be approved in
the manner required by Pennsylvania law. See "--Anti-Takeover Provisions" below.

    Neither Jones' amended and restated articles of incorporation nor Jones'
amended by-laws contain any provision regarding amendment of Jones' amended and
restated articles of incorporation. Therefore, Jones' amended and restated
articles of incorporation may be amended as described above under Pennsylvania
law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Under Delaware law, any provision of McNaughton's amended
certificate of incorporation may be amended by approval of the board of
directors and the affirmative vote of a majority of the combined voting power of
the outstanding shares of stock that are entitled to vote to amend the
certificate of incorporation. In addition, Delaware law generally requires the
approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of a class of
stock with respect to an amendment to a corporation's certificate of
incorporation, whether or not entitled to vote thereon by the certificate of
incorporation, if the amendment would increase or decrease the aggregate number
of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of the
shares of such class, or alter or change the powers, preferences, or special
rights of the shares of such class so as to affect them adversely. McNaughton's
amended certificate of incorporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change
or repeal any of its provisions. Any such action will be governed by Delaware
law as described above.

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

    JONES.  Pennsylvania law provides that the by-laws may be amended by action
of the stockholders. The by-laws may also give the power to amend the by-laws to
the board of directors, subject to the power of the stockholders to change such
action. Pennsylvania law limits the board's power to amend the by-laws, however,
in respect to certain matters, unless allowed by the articles of incorporation.
Jones' amended by-laws give the Jones board of directors the power to amend,
alter or repeal Jones' amended by-laws, subject to the power of Jones
stockholders to change such action.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Delaware law gives the power to amend the by-laws to the
stockholders and also provides that the certificate of incorporation may also
give the power to amend the by-laws to the board of directors. McNaughton's
amended certificate of incorporation gives the power to amend its by-laws to the
McNaughton board of directors. McNaughton's amended by-laws provide that they
may be altered, amended or repealed, or new by-laws may be adopted, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the capital stock of McNaughton
or a majority of the McNaughton board of directors.

STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law, unless otherwise restricted by the by-laws,
stockholder action may be taken without a meeting upon the unanimous written
consent of all of the stockholders entitled to vote on that meeting.
Stockholders of a registered corporation, such as Jones, may authorize action
without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent only if such action
without a meeting is

permitted by the by-laws or articles of incorporation. Although Jones' amended
by-laws are silent on this point, Jones' amended and restated articles of
incorporation provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by Jones
stockholders may be taken by written consent if consents are received
representing a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the action.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Under Delaware law, unless the certificate of incorporation
provides otherwise, stockholder action may be taken if written consents are
received from the holders of the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize that action at a meeting at which all the shares entitled to vote
for that action were present and voted. McNaughton's amended certificate of
incorporation does not limit or prohibit stockholder action by written consent,
and McNaughton's amended by-laws explicitly authorize action by written consent
in the same manner as that provided by Delaware law.

SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law for registered corporations such as Jones, a
special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors or
by any officer or other person provided for in the by-laws, except that an
interested stockholder, as defined below under "--Anti-Takeover Provisions", can
call a special meeting to approve certain business combinations.

    Jones' amended by-laws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may
be called by the President, the board of directors or the holders of at least
20% of all shares entitled to vote at the special meeting.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Under Delaware law, a special meeting of the stockholders may
be called by the board of directors or any other person that is authorized by
the certificate of incorporation or by-laws. McNaughton's amended by-laws
provide that special meetings of the stockholders of McNaughton may be called
only by the McNaughton board of directors, the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the
McNaughton board of directors or the holders of the majority of the outstanding
shares of capital stock that are entitled to vote on the matters that are to be
voted on at that special meeting.

FIDUCIARY DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law, directors have a fiduciary relationship to
their corporation and are required to perform their duties in good faith, in a
manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of such corporation,
and with the care, including reasonable inquiry, skill and diligence, that a
person of ordinary prudence would use under similar circumstances. In performing
their duties, directors are entitled to rely in good faith on information,
opinions, reports or statements prepared or presented by their corporation's
officers, employees, counsel and public accountants and other professionals and
experts. Directors may, in considering the best interests of their corporation,
consider the effects of any action upon employees, suppliers, customers and
creditors of the corporation, and upon communities in which offices or other
establishments of their corporation are located and all other pertinent factors.
Absent a breach of fiduciary duty, a lack of good faith or self-dealing, any act
of the board of directors, a committee of the board or an individual director is
presumed to be in the best interests of the corporation.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Under Delaware law, directors are charged with a fiduciary duty
to act on an informed basis, in good faith and in the best interests of the
corporation and its stockholders. In recognition of the managerial prerogatives
granted to the directors of a Delaware corporation, Delaware law presumes that,
in making a business decision, the directors are disinterested and act on an
informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was
in the best interests of the corporation, which presumption is known as the
"business judgment rule". A party challenging the propriety of a decision of a
board of directors bears the burden of rebutting the applicability of the
presumption of the business judgment rule by demonstrating that, in reaching
their decision, the directors breached one or more of their fiduciary
duties--good faith, loyalty and due care. If the

presumption is not rebutted, the business judgment rule attaches to protect the
directors and their decisions, and their business judgments will not be
judicially questioned absent gross negligence. Where, however, the presumption
is rebutted, subject to specified exceptions, the directors bear the burden of
demonstrating the entire fairness of the relevant transaction. Nonetheless,
Delaware courts subject directors' conduct to enhanced scrutiny in respect of
defensive actions taken in response to a threat to corporate control and
approval of a transaction resulting in a sale of control.

LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS

    Both Pennsylvania and Delaware law permit a corporation to limit the
personal liability of its directors, with specified exceptions.

    JONES.  Pennsylvania law permits a corporation to include in its by-laws a
provision, adopted by vote of its stockholders, which eliminates the personal
liability of its directors for monetary damages for any action taken or for
failure to take any action unless:

    - the directors have breached or failed to perform their duties as
      directors, and

    - the breach or failure to perform constitutes self-dealing, willful
      misconduct or recklessness.

A Pennsylvania corporation is not permitted to eliminate personal liability
where the responsibility or liability of a director arises under any criminal
statute or is for the payment of taxes arising under any federal, state or local
law.

    Jones' amended by-laws authorize Jones to limit the liability of directors
to the maximum extent legally permissible under Pennsylvania law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Delaware law provides that a corporation's certificate of
incorporation may include a provision limiting the personal liability of a
director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director. However, no such provision can eliminate or
limit the liability of a director for:

    - any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
      stockholders,

    - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
      misconduct or a knowing violation of the law,

    - violation of Delaware law provisions regarding unlawful payment of
      dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions,

    - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
      benefit, or

    - any act or omission prior to the adoption of such a provision in the
      certificate of incorporation.

    McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation eliminates and limits the
liability of directors to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law.

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    JONES.  Pennsylvania law provides in general that a corporation may
indemnify any person, including its directors, officers and employees, who was
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, other than actions by or in the right of the corporation, by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was a representative of or serving at
the request of the corporation. This indemnification may be against expenses,
including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, if
he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to
be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, for any
criminal proceeding, if he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her
conduct was unlawful. Pennsylvania law permits similar indemnification for
expenses, including attorneys' fees, in the case of actions by or in the right
of the corporation, provided that indemnification is not permitted against any
claim, issue or matter as to

which the person is determined to be liable to the corporation unless there is a
judicial determination that, in view of all the circumstances of the case, the
person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity against the expenses that
the court deems proper.

    In any case, to the extent that a representative of the corporation has been
successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any claim, issue or matter,
he or she will be indemnified against expenses, including attorneys' fees, which
he or she actually and reasonably incurs. Pennsylvania law also provides that
this indemnification is not exclusive of any other rights to which a person
seeking indemnification may be entitled, except that indemnification may not be
made in any case where the act or failure to act which causes the claim is
determined by a court to have been willful misconduct or recklessness.

    Jones' amended by-laws authorize Jones to indemnify its directors to the
full extent and in substantially the same manner that is permitted by
Pennsylvania law.

    MCNAUGHTON.  McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation provides for
indemnification of its directors and officers to the full extent permitted by
Delaware law. The provisions of Delaware law regarding indemnification are
substantially similar to those of Pennsylvania law. There are, however, certain
differences under Delaware law, including:

    - only present and former officers and directors are entitled, as a matter
      of Delaware law, to indemnification for all expenses reasonably incurred
      in defense of any claim, issue or matter which has been successfully
      defended, and

    - there is no express exception to the indemnification of officers and
      directors for cases where the act or failure to act which causes the claim
      is determined by a court to have been the result of willful misconduct or
      recklessness.

DIVIDENDS

    JONES.  Under Pennsylvania law, a corporation may pay dividends unless after
paying the dividend:

    - the corporation would be unable to pay its debts as they become due in the
      usual course of its business, or

    - the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total
      liabilities plus the amount that would be needed upon the dissolution of
      the corporation to satisfy the preferential rights, if any, of
      stockholders having superior preferential rights to those stockholders
      receiving the distribution.

    Jones' amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that the Jones
board of directors may from time to time declare, and Jones may pay, dividends
on its outstanding common stock out of funds lawfully available for that
purpose.

    MCNAUGHTON.  Delaware law generally permits dividends to be paid out of any
surplus, defined as the excess of the net assets of the corporation over the
amount determined to be the capital of the corporation by the board of
directors, which cannot be less than the aggregate par value of all issued
shares of capital stock. Delaware law also permits a dividend to be paid out of
the net profits of the current or the preceding fiscal year, or both, unless net
assets are less than the capital represented by any outstanding preferred
shares.

    McNaughton's amended certificate of incorporation provides that the
McNaughton board of directors may, subject to the rights of the holders of
preferred stock, from time to time declare dividends on its common stock out of
funds legally available for that purpose.

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

    JONES.  Pennsylvania law contains several anti-takeover provisions which
apply to corporations like Jones. Jones is subject to these provisions because
its amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended by-laws do not
contain opt-out provisions.

    TRANSACTIONS WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS.  Pennsylvania law provides that
the types of transaction listed below must be approved by the affirmative vote
of at least a majority of the votes that all stockholders are entitled to cast
with respect to such transaction, excluding all voting shares owned by an
interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is defined under Pennsylvania
law as someone who individually or with or through any of its affiliates or
associates owns more than 20% of the stock entitled to elect directors of a
corporation. The following types of transactions require the special vote
described above:

    - a merger or consolidation, a share exchange or certain sales of assets
      involving a corporation or its subsidiary and a stockholder of the
      corporation,

    - a division of the corporation, if an interested stockholder is to receive
      a disproportionate amount of any of the securities of any corporation
      surviving or resulting from the division,

    - a voluntary dissolution of the corporation, if any stockholder is to be
      treated differently from others holding shares of the same class, or

    - a reclassification of shares, if any stockholder's percentage of voting or
      economic share interest in the corporation is materially increased
      relative to substantially all other stockholders.

    The special voting requirement with respect to the above types of
transactions does not apply if:

    - the transaction being proposed has been approved by the corporation's
      board of directors, excluding directors affiliated with or nominated by
      the interested stockholder if first elected as a director within
      24 months of the date of the vote on the proposed transaction,

    - the consideration received for each class of stock owned by the interested
      stockholder is at least as high as the highest consideration paid for that
      class by the interested stockholder, or

    - the transaction is a merger or consolidation involving a parent
      corporation which owns at least 80% of each class of the stock of each
      other constituent corporation.

    Pennsylvania law also prohibits a corporation from engaging in a business
combination, such as a merger or consolidation, sale, disposition of property or
issuance of shares for a specified percentage of the value of the corporation,
with an interested stockholder unless:

    - the board of directors of the corporation gives prior approval to the
      proposed transaction or gives prior approval to the interested
      stockholder's acquisition of 20% of the shares entitled to vote in an
      election of directors of the corporation,

    - the interested stockholder owns at least 80% of the stock of the
      corporation entitled to vote in an election of directors and, no earlier
      than three months after the interested stockholder reaches the 80%
      ownership level, the majority of the remaining stockholders approve the
      proposed transaction and stockholders receive a minimum "fair price" for
      their shares in the transaction,

    - holders of all outstanding common stock approve the transaction,

    - no earlier than five years after the interested stockholder reached the
      20% ownership level, a majority of the remaining shares entitled to vote
      in an election of directors approve the transaction, or

    - no earlier than five years after the interested stockholder reached the
      20% ownership level, a majority of all the shares approve the transaction,
      all stockholders receive a minimum fair price for their shares and certain
      other conditions are met.

    STOCKHOLDER RIGHT TO HAVE SHARES PURCHASED IN CONTROL TRANSACTIONS.  Under
Pennsylvania law, when a person or group of persons acting together holds 20% of
the shares entitled to vote in an election of directors, any other stockholder
of the registered corporation who objects can, at the time that the control
group of persons acquires the 20% ownership level, under procedures set forth in
Pennsylvania law, require the control group to purchase his or her shares at a
fair value.

    CERTAIN SHARE ACQUISITIONS.  Pennsylvania law also contains provisions
which, under certain circumstances, permit a corporation to redeem the shares
owned by a group of individuals who own more than 20% of the voting power. The
corporation may also remove the voting rights of those shares and require the
disgorgement of profits received through the ownership of those shares.

    MCNAUGHTON.  McNaughton is subject to the provisions of Delaware law
described below regarding business combinations with interested stockholders
because there is no opt-out provision in its certificate of incorporation with
respect to these provisions.

    Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware applies
to a broad range of business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an
interested stockholder. The Delaware law definition of "business combination"
includes mergers, sales of assets, issuance of voting stock and certain other
transactions. An "interested stockholder" is defined as any person who owns,
directly or indirectly, 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a
corporation.

    Section 203 prohibits a corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time
that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

    - before the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of
      directors approved the business combination or the transaction that
      resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder,

    - upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
      becoming an interested stockholder, such stockholder owned at least 85% of
      the voting stock outstanding when the transaction began other than shares
      held by directors who are also officers and other than shares held by
      certain employee stock plans, or

    - the board of directors approved the business combination after the
      stockholder became an interested stockholder, and the business combination
      was approved at a meeting by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
      stock not owned by such stockholder.

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

    JONES.  Jones does not have a stockholder rights plan.

    MCNAUGHTON.  McNaughton is party to a rights agreement with American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent. Set forth below is a summary of the
material provisions of the rights agreement. This summary does not include a
complete description of all of the terms of the rights agreement. McNaughton
stockholders may obtain copies of the rights plan without charge by following
the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information"
on page 67.

    EXERCISABILITY OF RIGHTS.  Under the McNaughton rights agreement, one right,
referred to as a McNaughton right, attaches to each share of McNaughton common
stock outstanding and, when exercisable, entitles the registered holder to
purchase from McNaughton one share of McNaughton common stock at an initial
purchase price of $32, subject to customary antidilution adjustments.

    The McNaughton rights will not become exercisable until the earlier of:

    - the tenth day after the date of public announcement that a person has
      become the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock
      then outstanding, and

    - the tenth business day or a later date as may be determined by the
      McNaughton board of directors following the commencement of, or the
      announcement of an intention to commence, a tender offer or exchange offer
      that would result in a person becoming the beneficial owner of 20% or more
      of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding.

    In connection with the merger, the McNaughton rights agreement was amended
to provide that the McNaughton rights will not become exercisable solely by
reason of the merger agreement and completion of the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement.

    "FLIP IN" FEATURE.  In the event a person becomes the beneficial owner of
20% or more of the McNaughton common stock outstanding, each holder of a
McNaughton right, except for that person, will have the right to acquire, upon
exercise of the McNaughton right at the then current exercise price, shares of
McNaughton common stock having a value equal to twice the exercise price of the
McNaughton right. For example, assuming that the initial purchase price of $32
is in effect on the date that the flip-in feature of the McNaughton right is
exercised, any holder of a McNaughton right, except for the person that has
become the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the outstanding McNaughton common
stock, may exercise his or her McNaughton right by paying to McNaughton $32 in
order to receive from McNaughton shares of McNaughton common stock having a
value equal to $64.

    "EXCHANGE" FEATURE.  At any time after a person becomes the beneficial owner
of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding, but prior to a
person becoming the beneficial owner of 50% or more of the McNaughton common
stock then outstanding, the McNaughton board of directors may, at its option,
exchange all or some of the McNaughton rights, except for those held by such
person, at an exchange ratio of one share of McNaughton common stock per
McNaughton right. Use of this exchange feature means that eligible McNaughton
rights holders would not have to pay the purchase price in order to receive
shares of McNaughton common stock.

    "FLIP OVER" FEATURE.  In the event that, after a person becomes the
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding:

    - McNaughton merges into any person,

    - any person consolidates or merges with McNaughton, or

    - McNaughton sells more than 50% of its assets or earning power to any
      person,

then each holder of a McNaughton right, except for a person that is the
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding,
will have the right to receive, upon exercise of the McNaughton right at the
then current exercise price, the number of shares of the acquiring company's
common stock having a value equal to twice the exercise price of the McNaughton
right.

    REDEMPTION OF RIGHTS.  At any time prior to the earlier to occur of:

    - a person becoming the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton
      common stock then outstanding, and

    - February 8, 2006,

the McNaughton board of directors may redeem all of the McNaughton rights at a
redemption price of $0.01 per right, subject to adjustment. The right to
exercise the McNaughton rights will terminate upon redemption, and at such time,
the holders of the McNaughton rights will have the right to receive only the
redemption price for each McNaughton right held.

    AMENDMENT OF RIGHTS.  At any time before a person becomes the beneficial
owner of 20% or more of the McNaughton common stock then outstanding, the terms
of the existing McNaughton rights agreement may be amended by the McNaughton
board of directors without the approval of the holders of the rights. After the
date any person acquires at least 20% of McNaughton's outstanding common stock,
the rights agreement may not be amended in any manner which would adversely
affect the interests of the holders of the McNaughton rights, excluding the
interests of the acquiror. In connection with the merger, McNaughton amended the
rights agreement so that it will not be applicable to the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

    TERMINATION OF RIGHTS.  If not previously exercised, the McNaughton rights
will expire on February 8, 2006, unless McNaughton earlier redeems or exchanges
the McNaughton rights or shortens or extends the expiration date.

    ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS.  The McNaughton rights could have anti-takeover
effects. Once the McNaughton rights become exercisable, in most cases the
McNaughton rights would cause substantial dilution to a person that attempts to
acquire or merge with McNaughton. Accordingly, the existence of the McNaughton
rights may deter potential acquirors from making a takeover proposal or a tender
offer. The McNaughton rights should not interfere with any merger or other
business combination approved by the McNaughton board of directors, because
McNaughton may redeem the McNaughton rights, and because the McNaughton board of
directors can amend the McNaughton rights agreement so that a transaction
approved by the McNaughton board of directors would not cause the McNaughton
rights to become exercisable.

RIGHTS OF INSPECTION

    Under both Pennsylvania and Delaware law, every stockholder, upon proper
written demand stating the purpose, may inspect the corporate books and records
as long as the inspection is for a proper purpose and during normal business
hours. Under both statutes, a "proper purpose" is any purpose reasonably related
to the interest of the inspecting person as a stockholder.

LIQUIDATION RIGHTS

    The rights of the holders of Jones common stock upon the liquidation or
dissolution of Jones are substantially the same as those of the holders of
McNaughton common stock upon the liquidation or dissolution of McNaughton.

CASE LAW AND COURT SYSTEMS

    There is a substantial body of case law in Delaware interpreting the
corporation laws of that state. Delaware also has a Court of Chancery which
usually adjudicates matters arising under the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware. The body of case law interpreting the corporation law of
Pennsylvania is not as significantly developed as in Delaware. In Pennsylvania,
matters arising under Pennsylvania law are adjudicated by the general state
courts. As a result of these factors, there may be less certainty as to the
outcome of matters governed by Pennsylvania law, and, therefore, it may be more
difficult to obtain legal guidance as to such matters than would be the case
under Delaware law.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

    The legality of Jones common stock offered by this proxy
statement/prospectus will be passed upon for Jones by Ira M. Dansky, Esq.,
General Counsel of Jones. With respect to certain matters concerning
Pennsylvania law, Mr. Dansky will rely on Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. As of May [-], 2001, Mr. Dansky owned no shares of
Jones common stock but had options to purchase 205,585 shares of Jones common
stock. Certain United States federal income tax consequences of the merger will
be passed upon for Jones by Cravath, Swaine & Moore, New York, New York.
Cravath, Swaine & Moore acts as counsel for Jones and its subsidiaries from time
to time.

    Certain United States federal income tax consequences of the merger will be
passed upon for McNaughton by Torys, New York, New York. Torys regularly acts as
counsel for McNaughton and its subsidiaries. As of May [-], 2001, Bradley P.
Cost, Esq., a member of Torys, was a director of McNaughton and owned 5,000
shares of McNaughton common stock and had options to purchase 50,000 shares of
McNaughton common stock.

                                    EXPERTS

    The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of
Jones at December 31, 2000, and December 31, 1999, and for each of the three
fiscal years in the period ended December 31, 2000, incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to Jones' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, have been audited by BDO Seidman, LLP,
independent auditors, as set forth in their reports which are also incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, and have been so incorporated
in reliance upon these reports given upon the authority of BDO Seidman, LLP as
experts in accounting and auditing.

    The consolidated financial statements of McNaughton appearing in
McNaughton's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 4,
2000, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth
in their report thereon, included therein and incorporated herein by reference
in reliance upon that report given on the authority of Ernst & Young LLP as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                             STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

    In view of the expected timing of the merger, McNaughton does not expect to
hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2002. In the event the merger is not
completed and McNaughton does hold an annual meeting in 2002, you would continue
to be entitled to attend and participate in the meeting if you are a stockholder
as of the record date for that meeting. In accordance with federal securities
laws, proposals to be submitted by stockholders for consideration at the next
annual meeting of McNaughton stockholders and inclusion in McNaughton's next
annual proxy statement must be received by McNaughton not later than
October 17, 2001. Securities and Exchange Commission rules establish standards
as to which stockholder proposals are required to be included in a proxy
statement for an annual meeting. McNaughton will only consider proposals for
inclusion in its proxy statement for an annual meeting that satisfy the
requirements of applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules.

                                 OTHER MATTERS

    As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the McNaughton board of
directors knows of no matters that will be presented for consideration at the
special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement/prospectus. If
any other matter comes before the special meeting, the persons named as proxies
by a stockholder will vote in their discretion on the other matter unless:

    - otherwise indicated on the proxy, or

    - the other matter relates to the adjournment of the special meeting and the
      shares represented by the proxy are to be voted against the proposal to
      adopt the merger agreement.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

    Jones and McNaughton file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information that Jones
and McNaughton file with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the
Securities and Exchange Commission's public reference rooms at the following
locations:

Public Reference Room     New York Regional Office  Chicago Regional Office
450 Fifth Street, N.W.    7 World Trade Center      Citicorp Center
Room 1024                 Suite 1300                500 West Madison Street
Washington, D.C. 20549    New York, NY 10048        Suite 1400
                                                    Chicago, IL 60661-2511

    Please call the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference rooms. These Securities and Exchange
Commission filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and at the website maintained by the Securities and Exchange
Commission at "http://www.sec.gov". Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Jones may also be inspected at the offices of the New
York Stock Exchange at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005. Reports, proxy
statements and other information concerning McNaughton may also be inspected at
the offices of The Nasdaq Stock Market at 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20016.

    Jones filed a registration statement on Form S-4 on May 8, 2001, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission to register the Jones common stock to be
issued to McNaughton stockholders pursuant to the merger. This proxy
statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement and constitutes a
prospectus of Jones in addition to being a proxy statement of McNaughton. As
allowed by Securities and Exchange Commission rules, this proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all the information you can find in Jones'
registration statement or the exhibits to the registration statement. The
registration statement and its exhibits are available for inspection and copying
as set forth above.

    The Securities and Exchange Commission allows Jones and McNaughton to
"incorporate by reference" information into this proxy statement/prospectus,
which means that the companies can disclose important information to you by
referring you to other documents filed separately with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The information incorporated by reference is considered
part of this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded
by information contained directly in this proxy statement/prospectus or in later
filed documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

    This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set
forth below that Jones and McNaughton have previously filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. These

documents contain important business and financial information about Jones and
McNaughton that is not included in, or delivered with, this proxy
statement/prospectus.

JONES FILINGS                                            PERIOD
- -------------                            ---------------------------------------
(FILE NO. 1-10746)

Annual Report on Form 10-K.............  Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2000
Current Report on Form 8-K.............  Filed on April 16, 2001

MCNAUGHTON FILINGS                                       PERIOD
- ------------------                       ---------------------------------------
(FILE NO. 0-23440)

Annual Report on Form 10-K.............  Fiscal Year ended November 4, 2000
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q..........  Fiscal Quarter ended February 3, 2001
Current Reports on Form 8-K............  Filed on April 17, 2001 and March
                                         15, 2001

    Jones and McNaughton also incorporate by reference all additional documents
that they file with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 between the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus and the date of the special meeting, and these
additional documents are deemed to be a part of this proxy statement/prospectus
from the date of filing. These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as
well as proxy statements.

    Jones has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/ prospectus relating to Jones, and McNaughton has supplied
all such information relating to McNaughton.

    As noted in "The Merger--Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of
Certificates; Fractional Shares", McNaughton stockholders should not send in
their McNaughton stock certificates until they receive the transmittal materials
from the exchange agent after the completion of the merger.

    McNaughton stockholders may have received some of the documents incorporated
by reference. However, McNaughton stockholders can also obtain any of them
through the companies, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Securities
and Exchange Commission's Internet website as described above. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from the companies without charge,
excluding all exhibits, except that if the companies have specifically
incorporated by reference an exhibit in this proxy statement/prospectus, the
exhibit will also be provided without charge. McNaughton stockholders may obtain
documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus by
requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the
following addresses:

Jones Apparel Group, Inc.                  McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.
250 Rittenhouse Circle                     463 Seventh Avenue
Bristol, PA 19007                          New York, NY 10018
Attention: Investor Relations              Attention: Investor Relations
Telephone: (215) 785-4000                  Telephone: (212) 947-2960

    McNaughton stockholders should rely only on the information contained or
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. McNaughton has not
authorized anyone to provide McNaughton stockholders with information that is
different from what is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy
statement/prospectus is dated May [-], 2001. McNaughton stockholders should not
assume that the information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus is
accurate as of any date other than that date. Neither the mailing of this proxy
statement/prospectus to McNaughton stockholders nor the issuance of Jones common
stock pursuant to the merger creates any implication to the contrary.

               SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

    This proxy statement/prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with
respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business strategies,
operating efficiencies or synergies, competitive positions, growth opportunities
for existing products, plans and objectives of management, markets for stock of
Jones and McNaughton and other matters. Statements in this proxy
statement/prospectus that are not historical facts are hereby identified as
"forward-looking statements" for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933. Such forward-looking statements, including, without
limitation, those relating to the future business prospects, revenues and
income, in each case relating to Jones and McNaughton, wherever they occur in
this proxy statement/prospectus, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best
judgment of the senior management of Jones and McNaughton on the date of this
proxy statement/prospectus and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements. McNaughton stockholders should consider the forward-
looking statements in light of various important factors, including those set
forth in this proxy statement/prospectus. Important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in
the forward-looking statements include without limitation:

    - the ability to integrate the operations of Jones and McNaughton,

    - the effects of vigorous competition in the markets in which Jones and
      McNaughton operate,

    - the performance of Jones' and McNaughton's products within, and the
      overall strength of, the prevailing retail environment, including
      conditions for women's and juniors' apparel and women's footwear and
      accessories,

    - changes in the costs of raw materials, labor and advertising,

    - the ability of Jones and McNaughton to secure and protect trademarks and
      other intellectual property rights,

    - the unanticipated loss of a major customer,

    - weather conditions which could impact retail traffic and Jones' and
      McNaughton's ability to ship on a timely basis,

    - the overall level of consumer spending, and

    - national and regional economic conditions.

    For additional information about factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please
see the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and the annual reports on Form 10-K that
Jones and McNaughton have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

    Neither Jones nor McNaughton is under any obligation, and each expressly
disclaims any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All
subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to Jones or McNaughton or any
person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section.

                                                                         ANNEX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                           DATED AS OF APRIL 13, 2001

                                     AMONG

                           JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.,

                             MCN ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      AND

                         MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      A-1

                               

                                                                                      PAGE
                                                                                    --------

                                               ARTICLE I

                                               THE MERGER

SECTION 1.01.         THE MERGER..................................................     A-4
SECTION 1.02.         CLOSING.....................................................     A-4
SECTION 1.03.         EFFECTIVE TIME..............................................     A-4
SECTION 1.04.         EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.......................................     A-5
SECTION 1.05.         CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS....................     A-5
SECTION 1.06.         DIRECTORS...................................................     A-5
SECTION 1.07.         OFFICERS....................................................     A-5

                                               ARTICLE II

                           CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

SECTION 2.01.         CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK.................................     A-5
SECTION 2.02.         ANTI-DILUTION PROVISIONS....................................     A-6
SECTION 2.03.         EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES....................................     A-7
SECTION 2.04.         ADJUSTMENT..................................................     A-9

                                              ARTICLE III

                                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 3.01.         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY...............    A-10
SECTION 3.02.         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB............    A-25

                                               ARTICLE IV

                               COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

SECTION 4.01.         CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.........................................    A-28
SECTION 4.02.         CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY PARENT...............................    A-31
SECTION 4.03.         NO SOLICITATION.............................................    A-32

                                               ARTICLE V

                                         ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

SECTION 5.01.         PREPARATION OF THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY
                      STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS; STOCKHOLDERS MEETING..................    A-34
SECTION 5.02.         LETTERS OF THE COMPANY'S ACCOUNTANTS........................    A-35
SECTION 5.03.         LETTERS OF PARENT'S ACCOUNTANTS.............................    A-35
SECTION 5.04.         ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY......................    A-35
SECTION 5.05.         COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION...............    A-35
SECTION 5.06.         COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS.......................................    A-36
SECTION 5.07.         INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE..................    A-38
SECTION 5.08.         FEES AND EXPENSES...........................................    A-39
SECTION 5.09.         INFORMATION SUPPLIED........................................    A-39
SECTION 5.10.         EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS....................................    A-40
SECTION 5.11.         PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS........................................    A-40
SECTION 5.12.         AFFILIATES..................................................    A-41

                                      A-2

                                                                                      PAGE
                                                                                    --------

SECTION 5.13.         STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS.....................................    A-41
SECTION 5.14.         TAX TREATMENT...............................................    A-41
SECTION 5.15.         RIGHTS AGREEMENT............................................    A-41
SECTION 5.16.         TRANSFER TAXES..............................................    A-41
SECTION 5.17.         PARENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS...................................    A-41

                                               ARTICLE VI

                                          CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 6.01.         CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
                      MERGER......................................................    A-42
SECTION 6.02.         CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB.................    A-42
SECTION 6.03.         CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY.....................    A-43

                                              ARTICLE VII

                                   TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 7.01.         TERMINATION.................................................    A-44
SECTION 7.02.         EFFECT OF TERMINATION.......................................    A-44
SECTION 7.03.         AMENDMENT...................................................    A-45
SECTION 7.04.         EXTENSION; WAIVER...........................................    A-45

                                              ARTICLE VIII

                                           GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 8.01.         NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES...............    A-46
SECTION 8.02.         NOTICES.....................................................    A-46
SECTION 8.03.         DEFINITIONS.................................................    A-47
SECTION 8.04.         INTERPRETATION..............................................    A-47
SECTION 8.05.         COUNTERPARTS................................................    A-47
SECTION 8.06.         ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES..............    A-47
SECTION 8.07.         GOVERNING LAW...............................................    A-47
SECTION 8.08.         ASSIGNMENT..................................................    A-48
SECTION 8.09.         CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.....................................    A-48
SECTION 8.10.         WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL........................................    A-48
SECTION 8.11.         ENFORCEMENT.................................................    A-48

                                      A-3

    AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of April 13, 2001, among JONES APPAREL
GROUP, INC., a Pennsylvania corporation ("Parent"), MCN ACQUISITION CORP., a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and
MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").

    WHEREAS the Board of Directors of each of the Company and Sub has approved
and declared advisable, and the Board of Directors of Parent has approved, this
Agreement and the merger of the Company with and into Sub, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (such transactions or the
alternative transaction referred to in Section 1.01 being referred to
hereinafter as the "Merger"), whereby each issued and outstanding share of
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock") not directly owned by Parent, Sub or the Company (other than Appraisal
Shares (as defined in Section 2.01(b))), will be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(iii));

    WHEREAS for United States federal income tax purposes, it is intended that
the Merger shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

    WHEREAS Parent, Sub and the Company desire to make certain representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to
prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

    SECTION 1.01.  THE MERGER.  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware ("DGCL"), the Company shall be merged with and into Sub at
the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.03). At the Effective Time, the
separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease and Sub shall continue
as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in the Merger and
shall succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of the Company in
accordance with the DGCL. At the election of Parent, any other direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent may be substituted for Sub as a constituent
corporation in the Merger.

    SECTION 1.02.  CLOSING.  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take
place at 11:00 a.m., New York time, on the second business day after the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by applicable law) waiver of the
conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those that by their terms cannot
be satisfied until the time of the Closing), at the offices of Cravath,
Swaine & Moore, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019, or at such other
time, date or place agreed to in writing by Parent and the Company; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that if all the conditions set forth in Article VI shall not have been
satisfied or (to the extent permitted by applicable law) waived on such second
business day, then the Closing will take place on the first business day on
which all such conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted
by applicable law) waived. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to
in this Agreement as the "Closing Date".

    SECTION 1.03.  EFFECTIVE TIME.  Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Agreement, as soon as practicable after the Closing and on the
Closing Date, a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any
such case, the "Certificate of Merger") shall be duly prepared, executed and
acknowledged by the parties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
DGCL and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Merger
shall become effective upon the

                                      A-4

filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware or at such subsequent time or date as Parent and the Company shall
specify in the Certificate of Merger. The time at which the Merger becomes
effective is referred to in this Agreement as the "Effective Time".

    SECTION 1.04.  EFFECTS OF THE MERGER.  The Merger shall have the effects set
forth in Section 259 of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights,
privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Sub shall be vested in the
Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and
Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

    SECTION 1.05.  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS.  (a)  The
Certificate of Incorporation of Sub as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
applicable law, except that Article I of the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation shall be amended in the Merger to read in its entirety as
follows: "The name of the corporation is McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.".

    (b)  The By-laws of Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the By-laws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or
amended as provided therein or by applicable law.

    SECTION 1.06.  DIRECTORS.  The directors of Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

    SECTION 1.07.  OFFICERS.  The officers of the Company immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until the
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.

                                   ARTICLE II

               CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

    SECTION 2.01.  CONVERSION OF CAPITAL STOCK.  (a)  At the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any
shares of capital stock of the Company, Parent or Sub:

           (i)  CAPITAL STOCK OF SUB.  Each issued and outstanding share of
       common stock of Sub shall remain outstanding as one fully paid and
       nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

           (ii)  CANCELATION OF TREASURY STOCK AND PARENT-OWNED STOCK.  Each
       share of Company Common Stock that is directly owned by the Company (as
       treasury stock), Parent or Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time
       shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist and no
       consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

           (iii)  CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK.  Each share of Company
       Common Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
       Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled in accordance with
       Section 2.01(a)(ii) and Appraisal Shares) shall be converted into the
       right to receive the following (A) cash in an amount equal to $10.50 (the
       "Cash Portion") and (B) a number of a fully paid and nonassessable shares
       of Common Stock, par value of $0.01 per share (the "Parent Common
       Stock"), of Parent equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the
       "Stock Portion", and together with the Cash Portion, the "Merger
       Consideration"). At the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common
       Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled
       and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate that
       immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any

                                      A-5

       such shares of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with
       respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
       certain dividends or other distributions in accordance with
       Section 2.03(c) and any cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent
       Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e), in each case upon the
       surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.03, without
       interest.

       "Exchange Ratio" means 0.2820, PROVIDED that if the Average Closing Price
       (as defined below) is (i) less than $29.78, then "Exchange Ratio" means
       the quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th, or if there shall not be
       a nearest 1/10,000th, the next higher 1/10,000th) obtained by dividing
       $8.40 by the Average Closing Price or (ii) greater than $44.68, then
       "Exchange Ratio" means the quotient (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000th,
       or if there shall not be a nearest 1/10,000th, the next higher
       1/10,000th) obtained by dividing $12.60 by the Average Closing Price.

    "Average Closing Price" means the average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th,
or if there shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the
closing sale prices per share of Parent Common Stock on the New York Stock
Exchange (the "NYSE") Composite Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street
Journal (Northeast Edition) or, if not reported therein, an another
authoritative source selected by Parent, for the five consecutive trading days
on the NYSE ending with the second trading day on the NYSE prior to the Closing
Date (excluding the Closing Date).

        (b)  APPRAISAL RIGHTS.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
    the contrary, shares (the "Appraisal Shares") of Company Common Stock issued
    and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that are held by any
    holder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such
    shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions of
    Section 262 of the DGCL ("Section 262") shall not be converted into the
    right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in
    Section 2.01(a)(iii), but instead such holder shall be entitled to payment
    of the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of
    Section 262. At the Effective Time, all Appraisal Shares shall automatically
    be canceled and shall cease to exist or be outstanding, and each holder of
    Appraisal Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except
    the right to receive the fair value of such shares in accordance with the
    provisions of Section 262. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder
    shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right
    to appraisal under Section 262 or a court of competent jurisdiction shall
    determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by
    Section 262, then the right of such holder to be paid the fair value of such
    holder's Appraisal Shares under Section 262 shall cease to exist and such
    Appraisal Shares shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective
    Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive the Merger
    Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(a)(iii). The Company shall serve
    prompt notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal of any shares of
    Company Common Stock, and Parent shall have the right to participate in and,
    subject to applicable law, direct all negotiations and proceedings with
    respect to such demands. The Company shall not, without the prior written
    consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to
    settle, any such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.

    SECTION 2.02.  ANTI-DILUTION PROVISIONS.  In the event Parent changes (or
establishes a record date for changing) the number of shares of Parent Common
Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification,
combination, exchange of shares or similar transaction with respect to the
outstanding Parent Common Stock and the record date therefor shall be prior to
the Effective Time, Parent Common Stock payable as part of the Merger
Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange
of shares or similar transaction.

                                      A-6

    SECTION 2.03.  EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES.

        (a)  EXCHANGE AGENT.  Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
    designate a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to
    act as exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the payment of the Merger
    Consideration and shall (i) deposit in trust with the Exchange Agent as of
    the Effective Time, for the benefit of the holders of shares of Company
    Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Article II, through the
    Exchange Agent, certificates representing the shares of Parent Common Stock
    issuable as the Stock Portion of the Merger Consideration pursuant to
    Section 2.01(a)(iii) upon surrender of Certificates (as defined in
    Section 2.03(b)) and (ii) deposit, or cause the Surviving Corporation to
    deposit, in trust with the Exchange Agent, on a timely basis, as and when
    needed after the Effective Time, cash necessary to pay the Cash Portion of
    the Merger Consideration, together with certain dividends or other
    distributions to be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and any cash in
    lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock to be paid in accordance
    with Section 2.03(e), upon surrender of Certificates (such shares of Parent
    Common Stock and cash being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund").

        (b)  EXCHANGE PROCEDURE.  As soon as reasonably practicable after the
    Effective Time, the Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record of an
    outstanding certificate or outstanding certificates ("Certificates") which
    immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of
    Company Common Stock whose shares were converted into the right to receive
    the Merger Consideration with respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.01,
    (i) a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall
    be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates held by such
    person shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the
    Exchange Agent and shall be in customary form and have such other provisions
    as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
    the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration
    with respect thereto. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancelation to the
    Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by
    Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly
    executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the
    Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive
    in exchange therefor (A) the amount of cash and a certificate or
    certificates representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock
    that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Article II,
    (B) certain dividends and other distributions in respect of Parent Common
    Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and (C) cash in lieu of any
    fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e),
    and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event
    of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock that is not registered in
    the transfer records of the Company, the proper amount of cash and a
    certificate or certificates representing the proper number of shares of
    Parent Common Stock may be issued and paid as described in the previous
    sentence in exchange therefor to a person other than the person in whose
    name the Certificate so surrendered is registered if such Certificate shall
    be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the
    person requesting such issuance shall pay any transfer or other taxes
    required by reason of the payment of cash and issuance of shares of Parent
    Common Stock to a person other than the registered holder of such
    Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has
    been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
    Section 2.03(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the
    Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender
    the Merger Consideration that the holder thereof has the right to receive
    pursuant to the provisions of this Article II, certain dividends or other
    distributions in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and any cash in lieu of any
    fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e).
    No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on any cash payable upon surrender
    of any Certificate.

                                      A-7

        (c)  DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES.  No dividends or
    other distributions declared or made with respect to shares of Parent Common
    Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the
    holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the shares of Parent
    Common Stock that such holder has the right to receive upon surrender of
    such Certificate, and no cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent
    Common Stock shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.03(e) to the holder
    of any unsurrendered Certificate. Subject to the effect of applicable
    escheat or similar laws, following surrender of any such Certificate there
    shall be paid to the record holder of any certificate representing whole
    shares of Parent Common Stock representing the Stock Portion of the Merger
    Consideration issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) promptly
    after the time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other
    distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid
    with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock and the amount of
    any cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common Stock to which
    such holder is entitled in accordance with Section 2.03(e) and (ii) at the
    appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions
    with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to such surrender and
    with a payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with respect to
    such whole shares of Parent Common Stock.

        (d)  NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK.  All cash paid
    and shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of
    Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II (including any
    cash paid pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or 2.03(e)) shall be deemed to have
    been issued and paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the
    shares of Company Common Stock formerly represented by such Certificates. At
    the close of business on the day on which the Effective Time occurs the
    stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and there shall be no
    further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the
    Surviving Corporation of the shares of Company Common Stock that were
    outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective
    Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the
    Exchange Agent for transfer or any other reason, they shall be canceled and
    exchanged as provided in this Article II.

        (e)  NO FRACTIONAL SHARES.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this
    Agreement, Parent shall pay each holder of shares of Company Common Stock
    exchanged pursuant to the Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to
    receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after taking into
    account all such shares held by such holder), in lieu thereof, cash (without
    interest) in an amount (less the amount of any withholding taxes which may
    be required thereon) equal to such fractional part of a share of Parent
    Common Stock multiplied by the average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th, or
    if there shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the
    closing prices per share of Parent Common stock on the NYSE Composite
    Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast Edition)
    or, if not reported therein, an another authoritative source selected by
    Parent, for the five consecutive trading days on the NYSE immediately
    preceding the Closing Date.

        (f)  TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND.  Any portion of the Exchange Fund
    that remains undistributed to the holders of the Certificates for twelve
    months after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent, upon demand,
    and any holders of the Certificates who have not theretofore complied with
    this Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for, and, subject to
    Section 2.03(g), Parent shall remain liable for, payment of their claim for
    Merger Consideration, certain dividends and other distributions in
    accordance with Section 2.03(c) and cash in lieu of any fractional share of
    Parent Common Stock in accordance with Section 2.03(e).

        (g)  NO LIABILITY.  None of Parent, Sub, the Company or the Exchange
    Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of any shares of Parent
    Common Stock (or dividends or other distributions with respect thereto) or
    cash from the Exchange Fund in each case delivered to a public official
    pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. If
    any

                                      A-8

    Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to two years after the
    Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which any
    Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or became the property of
    any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 3.01(d)), any such Merger
    Consideration in respect thereof shall, to the extent permitted by
    applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and
    clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

        (h)  INVESTMENT OF EXCHANGE FUND.  The Exchange Agent shall invest any
    cash included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by Parent, on a daily basis;
    PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such investments shall be in (i) obligations of or
    guaranteed by the United States of America and backed by the full faith and
    credit of the Unites States of America or (ii) commercial paper obligations
    rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Standard &
    Poor's Corporation, respectively. Any interest or other income resulting
    from such investments shall be paid to Parent.

        (i)  LOST CERTIFICATES.  If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen
    or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
    claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required
    by the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond in such
    reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct as indemnity
    against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
    Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen
    or destroyed Certificate the Merger Consideration, certain dividends and
    other distributions in accordance with Section 2.03(c) and cash in lieu of
    any fractional share of Parent Common Stock in accordance with
    Section 2.03(e).

        (j)  WITHHOLDING RIGHTS.  Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent shall be
    entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable
    pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock
    such amounts as Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent is required to deduct and
    withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any
    other provision of domestic or foreign (whether national, federal, state,
    provincial, local or otherwise) tax law. To the extent that amounts are so
    withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority by Parent, Sub or
    the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes
    of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company
    Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by
    Parent, Sub or the Exchange Agent.

    SECTION 2.04.  ADJUSTMENT.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, if, by reason of the amount of cash to be paid to holders of
shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to this Article II, the opinions of
counsel referred to in Sections 6.02(g) and 6.03(c) would not be delivered,
then:

        (a) the Cash Portion shall be reduced by the minimum amount necessary to
    enable such opinions of counsel to be delivered, and all references in this
    Agreement to "Cash Portion" shall mean the Cash Portion as so decreased; and

        (b) the Exchange Ratio shall be increased by the quotient of (A) the
    reduction of the Cash Portion pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 2.04
    and (B) the volume weighted average (rounded to the nearest 1/100th, or if
    there shall not be a nearest 1/100th, the next higher 1/100th) of the
    trading prices per share of Parent Common Stock on the NYSE Composite
    Transactions Tape as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast Edition)
    or, if not reported therein, an another authoritative source selected by
    Parent, for the trading day on the NYSE immediately preceding the Closing
    Date, and all references in this Agreement to "Exchange Ratio" shall mean
    the Exchange Ratio as so increased.

                                      A-9

                                  ARTICLE III

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    SECTION 3.01.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.  Except as set
forth on the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the Section or
Subsection of this Agreement to which the information stated in such disclosure
relates, with such disclosure to be applicable to other Sections or Subsections
of this Agreement to the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make
its relevance to the information called for by such other Section or Subsections
readily apparent) delivered by the Company to Parent prior to the execution of
this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

        (a)  ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER.  Each of the Company and its
    subsidiaries (as defined in Section 8.03) (i) is duly organized, validly
    existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
    organization, (ii) has all requisite corporate, company or partnership power
    and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted and (iii) is
    duly qualified or licensed to do business (in the case of Miss Erika, Inc.
    in the State of New Jersey, under the name ME Acquisition Corp.) and is in
    good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or
    the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary, other than (except in the case of
    clause (i) above with respect to the Company) where the failure to be so
    organized, existing, qualified or licensed or in good standing individually
    or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect (as defined in Section 8.03) on the Company. The Company has
    made available to Parent true and complete copies of its Certificate of
    Incorporation and By-laws and the certificate of incorporation and by-laws
    (or similar organizational documents) of each of its subsidiaries, in each
    case as amended to the date of this Agreement. The Company has made
    available to Parent and its representatives true and complete copies of the
    minutes (or, in the case of minutes that have not yet been finalized, drafts
    thereof) of all meetings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and
    each committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and each of its
    subsidiaries held since January 1, 1998.

        (b)  SUBSIDIARIES.  Section 3.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
    lists each subsidiary of the Company. All the outstanding shares of capital
    stock or other equity or voting interests of each such subsidiary are owned
    by the Company, by another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or by the
    Company and another wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, free and clear
    of all pledges, claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests
    of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, "Liens"), except Liens in
    favor of the lenders arising under the Second Amended and Restated Financing
    Agreement dated as of November 29, 2000 (the "Financing Agreement") among
    the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, The CIT Group/Commercial
    Services Inc., as administrative agent, and certain other agents and lenders
    party thereto, and are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
    nonassessable. Except for the capital stock of, or other equity or voting
    interests in, its subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or
    indirectly, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in,
    any person.

        (c)  CAPITAL STRUCTURE.  The authorized capital stock of the Company
    consists of 30,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares
    of preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share (the "Company Preferred
    Stock"). As of the close of business on April 9, 2001, (i) 9,878,895 shares
    of Company Common Stock (excluding treasury shares) were issued and
    outstanding, none of which were held by any subsidiary of the Company,
    (ii) 868,800 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its
    treasury, (iii) 7,183,929 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for
    issuance pursuant to the 1994 Stock Option Plan, the Stock Option Plan for
    Non-Employee Directors, the 1998 Long Term Incentive Plan, the ME
    Acquisition Corp. Bonus Plan for Senior Executives, the Option Bonus Plan
    for Senior Executives of JJ Acquisition Corp., the Executive Stock Option
    Plan and the Incentive Bonus Plan for Senior Officers (such plans,

                                      A-10

    collectively, the "Company Stock Plans") (of which 5,796,441 shares were
    subject to outstanding Company Stock Options (as defined below)),
    (iv) 27,642 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved and available for
    issuance pursuant to the 1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP"),
    (v) no shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the
    exercise of the rights (the "Rights") distributed to the holders of Company
    Common Stock pursuant to the Rights Agreement dated as of January 19, 1996,
    as amended as of August 2, 2000, between the Company and American Stock
    Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent (the "Rights Agreement") and
    (vi) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding or
    were held by the Company in its treasury. Section 3.01(c) of the Company
    Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list, as of the close of
    business on April 9, 2001, of all outstanding options to purchase Company
    Common Stock (collectively, the "Company Stock Options") and all other
    rights, if any, to purchase or receive Company Common Stock granted under
    the Company Stock Plans, the number of shares of Company Common Stock
    subject to each such Company Stock Option or other purchase right, the grant
    dates and exercise prices and vesting schedule of each such Company Stock
    Option or other purchase right and the names of the holder thereof. Other
    than the Company Stock Options or pursuant to the ESPP, the ME Acquisition
    Corp. Bonus Plan for Senior Executives, the Incentive Bonus Plan for Senior
    Officers, the Rights Agreement and the Company's Subordinated Promissory
    Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $69,000,000 issued to Leonard
    Schneider, Susan Schneider, Leslie Schneider and Scott Schneider (the
    "Subordinated Notes") upon the occurrence of an event of default thereunder,
    there are no outstanding rights of any person to receive Company Common
    Stock, whether on a deferred basis or otherwise. There are no outstanding
    stock appreciation rights or other rights (other than the Rights, rights
    that may have arisen under the ESPP or pursuant to the Subordinated Notes
    upon the occurrence of an event of default thereunder) that are in any way
    linked to the price of Company Common Stock that were not granted in tandem
    with a related Company Stock Option. As of the close of business on
    April 9, 2001, there were outstanding Company Stock Options to purchase
    5,796,441 shares of Company Common Stock with exercise prices on a per share
    basis lower than the Merger Consideration (determined based on the closing
    price per share of Parent Common Stock on the NYSE trading day immediately
    preceding the date of this Agreement), and the weighted average exercise
    price of such Company Stock Options was equal to $9.429. Except as set forth
    above, as of the close of business on April 9, 2001, no shares of capital
    stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company, or options,
    warrants or other rights to acquire any such stock or securities were
    issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. The maximum amount of payroll
    deductions that could be accumulated under the ESPP through June 30, 2001 is
    $48,378.39.

        During the period from April 9, 2001, to the date of this Agreement,
    (x) there have been no issuances by the Company of shares of capital stock
    of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company other than issuances
    of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock
    Options or rights under the ESPP outstanding on such date as required by
    their terms as in effect on the date of this Agreement and (y) there have
    been no issuances by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of options,
    warrants or other rights to acquire shares of capital stock of, or other
    equity or voting interests in, the Company, other than for rights that may
    have arisen under the ESPP. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the
    Company are, and all shares that may be issued pursuant to the Company Stock
    Plans and the ESPP will be, when issued in accordance with the terms
    thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and
    not subject to preemptive rights. Except the Subordinated Notes, there are
    no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company or any of
    it subsidiaries, and no securities or other instruments or obligations of
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries, the value of which is in any way
    based upon or derived from any capital or voting stock of the Company or
    having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for,
    securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of
    the Company may vote. Except as set forth above, there are no Contracts (as
    defined in Section 3.01(d)) of any kind to which the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries is a

                                      A-11

    party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is bound obligating
    the Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, grant, deliver or sell, or
    cause to be issued, granted, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital
    stock of, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable
    for, shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries or obligating the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries to issue, grant, deliver, sell or enter into any such shares,
    securities, equity or voting interests or Contracts. There are not any
    outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries to (i) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of
    capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, the Company or any
    of its subsidiaries or (ii) vote or dispose of any shares of the capital
    stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, any of its subsidiaries.
    To the knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, there are
    no irrevocable proxies and no voting agreements with respect to any shares
    of the capital stock or other voting securities of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries.

        As of the date of this Agreement, (i) the only outstanding indebtedness
    for borrowed money of the Company and its subsidiaries is (A) $125,000,000
    in aggregate principal amount of the Company's 12 1/2% Series A Senior Notes
    due 2005 and 12 1/2% Series B Senior Notes due 2005 (collectively, the
    "Senior Notes") issued pursuant to the 12 1/2% Senior Notes Indenture dated
    as of June 18, 1998, as supplemented (the "Indenture"), between the Company
    and United States Trust Company of New York, as trustee, (B) $117,429,000 in
    aggregate principal amount of loans under the Financing Agreement and
    (C) $69,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes and
    (ii) there are no guarantees by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of
    indebtedness of third parties for borrowed money. The Subordinated Notes are
    each prepayable in full in accordance with their terms and without any
    penalty or premium in connection therewith.

        (d)  AUTHORITY; NONCONTRAVENTION.  The Company has the requisite
    corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
    consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the
    case of the consummation of the Merger, to obtaining the Stockholder
    Approval (as defined in Section 3.01(r)). The execution and delivery of this
    Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all
    necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and no other corporate
    proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to approve this
    Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
    subject, in the case of the consummation of the Merger, to obtaining the
    Stockholder Approval. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
    the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company,
    enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms subject to
    (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer and conveyance,
    moratorium, reorganization, receivership and similar laws relating to or
    affecting the enforcement of the rights and remedies of creditors generally,
    (ii) principles of equity (regardless of whether considered and applied in a
    proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) an implied covenant of good faith
    and fair dealing. The Board of Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly
    called and held at which all directors of the Company were present, duly and
    unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving and declaring advisable this
    Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby,
    (ii) declaring that it is in the best interests of the Company's
    stockholders that the Company enter into this Agreement and consummate the
    Merger on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
    Agreement, (iii) declaring that this Agreement is fair to the Company's
    stockholders, (iv) directing that this Agreement be submitted to a vote at a
    meeting of the Company's stockholders to be held as promptly as practicable
    and (v) recommending that the Company's stockholders adopt this Agreement,
    which resolutions have not been subsequently rescinded, modified or
    withdrawn in any way except as permitted by Section 4.03(b). The execution
    and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation of the
    transactions contemplated hereby and compliance by the Company with the
    provisions hereof do not and will

                                      A-12

    not conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of, or default (with
    or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
    of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation
    or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any
    Lien in or upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries under, or give rise to any increased, additional, accelerated
    or guaranteed rights or entitlements under, any provision of (i) the
    Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company or the certificate of
    incorporation or by-laws (or similar organizational documents) of any of its
    subsidiaries, (ii) any loan or credit agreement, bond, debenture, note,
    mortgage, indenture, guarantee, lease or other contract, commitment,
    agreement, instrument, obligation, binding arrangement, binding
    understanding, binding undertaking, permit, franchise or license, whether
    oral or written (each, including all amendments thereto, a "Contract"), to
    which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or any of their
    respective properties or assets is subject or (iii) subject to the
    governmental filings and other matters referred to in the following
    sentence, any (A) statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation or
    (B) judgment, order or decree, in each case, applicable to the Company or
    any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets, other
    than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts, violations,
    breaches, defaults, rights, results, losses, Liens or entitlements that
    individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on the Company. No consent, approval, order or
    authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any domestic
    or foreign (whether national, federal, state, provincial, local or
    otherwise) government or any court, administrative agency or commission or
    other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, domestic, foreign or
    supranational (each, a "Governmental Entity"), is required by or with
    respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the
    execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation
    by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or compliance with
    the provisions hereof, except for (1) the filing of a premerger notification
    and report form by the Company under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
    Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") or any other applicable
    competition, merger control, antitrust or similar law or regulation,
    (2) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of a
    proxy statement relating to the approval by the Company's stockholders of
    this Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Proxy
    Statement/Prospectus") and such reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with
    this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby,
    (3) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of
    the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant
    authorities of other states in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    is qualified to do business, (4) any filings required under the rules and
    regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market Inc. ("Nasdaq") and (5) such other
    consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
    filings the failure of which to be obtained or made individually or in the
    aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
    on the Company.

        (e)  SEC DOCUMENTS.  The Company has filed with the SEC, and has
    heretofore made available to Parent true and complete copies of, all forms,
    reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed with
    the SEC by the Company since January 1, 1998 (together with all information
    incorporated therein by reference, the "Company SEC Documents"). No
    subsidiary of the Company is required to file any form, report, schedule,
    statement or other document with the SEC. As of their respective dates, the
    Company SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with the
    requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
    Act"), or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and
    regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Company SEC
    Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents at the time they were filed
    contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a
    material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
    the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
    made, not misleading. The

                                      A-13

    financial statements (including the related notes) included in the Company
    SEC Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable
    accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
    with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") (except, in the case of unaudited
    statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent
    basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes
    thereto) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
    financial position of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of
    the dates thereof and their respective consolidated results of operations
    and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
    statements, to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments). Except as
    set forth in the Company SEC Documents filed and publicly available prior to
    the date of this Agreement (the "Company Filed SEC Documents") (including
    the financial statements included therein) and except as arising hereunder,
    the Company and its subsidiaries have no liabilities or obligations of any
    nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), other than
    liabilities and obligations that individually or in the aggregate could not
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

        (f)  ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.  Since November 4, 2000, and,
    other than with respect to clause (ii)(A) below, except as set forth in the
    Company Filed SEC Documents (i) through the date of this Agreement, the
    Company and its subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses only
    in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and (ii) there has not
    been (A) any state of facts, change, development, effect, condition or
    occurrence that individually or in the aggregate constitutes, has had, or
    could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
    Company, (B) prior to the date of this Agreement, any declaration, setting
    aside or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash,
    stock or property) in respect of, any of the Company's or any of its
    subsidiaries' capital stock except for dividends by a wholly owned
    subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (C) prior to the date of this
    Agreement, any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of any shares of
    capital stock or any other securities of the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire such
    shares or other securities, (D) prior to the date of this Agreement, any
    split, combination or reclassification of any of the Company's or any of its
    subsidiaries' capital stock or any issuance or the authorization of any
    issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
    substitution for shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries, (E) (1) any granting by the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries to any current or former director, officer, employee or
    consultant of any increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits or any
    such granting of any type of compensation or benefits to any current or
    former director, officer, employee or consultant not previously receiving or
    entitled to receive such type of compensation or benefit, except for
    increases of cash compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent
    with past practice or as was required under any Company Benefit Agreement or
    Company Benefit Plan (each as defined in Section 3.01(j)) in effect as of
    November 4, 2000, (2) any granting by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    to any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the
    right to receive any severance or termination pay, or increases therein, or
    (3) any entry by the Company or any of its subsidiaries into, or any
    amendment or termination of, any Company Benefit Agreement or any Company
    Benefit Plan, (F) any payment of any benefit or the grant or amendment of
    any award (including in respect of stock options, stock appreciation rights,
    performance units, restricted stock or other stock-based or stock-related
    awards or the removal or modification of any restrictions in any Company
    Benefit Agreement or Company Benefit Plan or awards made thereunder) except
    as required to comply with any applicable law or any Company Benefit
    Agreement or Company Benefit Plan existing on such date, (G) any damage,
    destruction or loss, whether or not covered by insurance, that individually
    or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on the Company, (H) any material change in financial or tax
    accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries, except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP
    or applicable law,

                                      A-14

    (I) any material election with respect to taxes by the Company or any of its
    subsidiaries or any settlement or compromise of any material tax liability
    or refund or (J) any revaluation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
    of any of the material assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

        (g)  LITIGATION.  There is no suit, claim, action, investigation or
    proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
    or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their
    respective assets before or by any Governmental Entity that individually or
    in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on the Company, nor is there any judgment, order or decree of any
    Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

        (h)  CONTRACTS.  (i) Except for Contracts filed as exhibits to the
    Company Filed SEC Documents, there are no Contracts that are required to be
    filed as an exhibit to any Company SEC Document under the Exchange Act and
    the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Except for Contracts filed
    in unredacted form as exhibits to the Company Filed SEC Documents and
    purchase orders entered into in the ordinary course of business,
    Section 3.01(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
    complete list as of the date of this Agreement, and the Company has made
    available to Parent true and correct copies, of:

          (A) all Contracts of the Company or any of its subsidiaries made in
       the ordinary course of business having an aggregate value, or involving
       payments by or to the Company, of more than $200,000;

           (B) all Contracts of the Company or any of its subsidiaries made
       outside the ordinary course of business;

           (C) all Contracts to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
       a party, or that purport to be binding upon the Company, any of its
       subsidiaries or any of its affiliates, that contain a covenant
       restricting the ability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or
       which, following the consummation of the Merger, could restrict the
       ability of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, including the Company and
       its subsidiaries) to compete in any business or with any person or in any
       geographic area;

          (D) all Contracts of the Company or any of its subsidiaries with any
       affiliate of the Company (other than any of its subsidiaries);

           (E) all Contracts to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
       party granting any license to any material property, asset or right;

           (F) all confidentiality, standstill or similar agreements to which
       the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party;

          (G) all joint venture, partnership or other similar agreements
       (including all amendments thereto); and

          (H) except as set forth in Section 3.01(c), all loan agreements,
       credit agreements, notes, debentures, bonds, mortgages, indentures and
       other Contracts (collectively, "debt obligations") pursuant to which any
       indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is outstanding or
       may be incurred and all guarantees of or by the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries of any debt obligations of any other person (other than the
       Company or any of its subsidiaries) (except for such indebtedness or
       guarantees the aggregate principal amount of which does not exceed
       $200,000), including the respective aggregate principal amounts
       outstanding as of the date of this Agreement.

                                      A-15

       None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in violation or breach
       of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, or
       has waived or failed to enforce any rights or benefits under, any
       Contract to which it is a party or any of its properties or assets is
       subject, and, to the knowledge of the Company or such subsidiary, no
       other party to any of its Contracts is in violation or breach of or
       default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, or has
       waived or failed to enforce any rights or benefits under, and there has
       occurred no event giving to others any right of termination, amendment or
       cancelation of, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, any such
       Contract except, in each case, for violations, breaches, defaults,
       waivers or failures to enforce material rights or benefits that
       individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have
       a material adverse effect on the Company.

               (ii) Each of the Contracts between the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any affiliate of the Company
           (other than any of its subsidiaries), on the other hand, was entered
           into on an arm's length basis.

           (i)  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  Except with respect to Environmental Laws
       (as defined in Section 3.01(l)(v)) and taxes (as defined in
       Section 3.01(n)(v)), which are the subject of Sections 3.01(l) and
       3.01(n), respectively, the Company and its subsidiaries and their
       relevant personnel and operations are and, since January 1, 1998, have
       been, in compliance with all statutes, laws, ordinances, rules,
       regulations, judgments, orders and decrees of any Governmental Entity
       applicable to their businesses or operations except for failures to be in
       compliance that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
       expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. None of the
       Company or any of its subsidiaries has received, since January 1, 1998, a
       notice or other written communication alleging or relating to a possible
       material violation of any material statute, law, ordinance, rule,
       regulation, judgment, order or decree of any Governmental Entity
       applicable to its businesses or operations. The Company and its
       subsidiaries have in effect all material permits, licenses, variances,
       exemptions, authorizations, operating certificates, franchises, orders
       and approvals of all Governmental Entities (collectively, "Permits")
       necessary or advisable for them to own, lease or operate their properties
       and assets and to carry on their businesses as now conducted, and there
       has occurred no violation of, default (with or without notice or lapse of
       time or both) under, or event giving to others any right of termination,
       amendment or cancelation of, with or without notice or lapse of time or
       both, any Permit except for violations, defaults or events that
       individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have
       a material adverse effect on the Company. There is no event which has
       occurred that, to the knowledge of the Company, could reasonably be
       expected to result in the revocation, cancelation, non-renewal or adverse
       modification of any such Permit.

                                      A-16

           (j)  ABSENCE OF CHANGES IN BENEFIT PLANS; EMPLOYMENT
       AGREEMENTS.  Except as disclosed in the Company Filed SEC Documents,
       since November 4, 2000, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
       has terminated, adopted, amended in any material respect or agreed to
       amend in any material respect any bonus, pension, profit sharing,
       deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock
       purchase, stock appreciation, restricted stock, stock option, phantom
       stock, performance, retirement, thrift, savings, stock bonus, cafeteria,
       paid time off, perquisite, fringe benefit, vacation, severance,
       disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical, welfare benefit or
       other plan, program, policy, arrangement or understanding (whether or not
       legally binding) maintained, contributed to, or required to be maintained
       or contributed to by the Company or any other person or entity that,
       together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under
       Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (each, a "Commonly Controlled
       Entity"), in each case providing benefits to any current or former
       directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any of
       its subsidiaries (collectively, "Company Benefit Plans") or has made any
       change in any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding
       obligations with respect to any Company Pension Plan (as defined in
       Section 3.01(m)) or any material change in the manner in which
       contributions to any Company Pension Plans are made or the basis on which
       such contributions are determined. Except as disclosed in the Company
       Filed SEC Documents, there exist no (i) employment (except employment at
       will), consulting, deferred compensation, severance, termination or
       indemnification agreements or arrangements between the Company or any of
       its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any current or former director,
       officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries, on the other hand or (ii) agreements or arrangements
       between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any
       current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the
       Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, the benefits of
       which are contingent, or the terms of which are materially altered, upon
       the occurrence of a transaction involving the Company of the nature
       contemplated by this Agreement (all such agreements and arrangements
       described in clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, "Company Benefit
       Agreements").

           (k)  LABOR MATTERS.  There are no collective bargaining agreements or
       other labor union contracts applicable to any employees of the Company or
       any of its subsidiaries. There is no labor dispute, strike, work stoppage
       or lockout, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threat thereof, by or
       with respect to any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
       except where such dispute, strike, work stoppage or lockout individually
       or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material
       adverse effect on the Company.

           (l)  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

               (i)  PERMITS AND AUTHORIZATIONS.  Each of the Company and its
           subsidiaries possesses all material Environmental Permits (as defined
           below) necessary to conduct its businesses and operations as now
           being conducted.

               (ii)  COMPLIANCE.  Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is in
           compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below)
           and all Environmental Permits except for failures to be in compliance
           that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
           expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. None of
           the Company or its subsidiaries has received any written
           communication from any Governmental Entity or other person that
           alleges that the Company or any of its subsidiaries has violated or
           is, or may be, liable under any Environmental Law.

               (iii)  ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIMS.  There are no material Environmental
           Claims (as defined below) pending or, to the knowledge of the
           Company, threatened (A) against the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries or (B) against any person whose liability for any

                                      A-17

           Environmental Claim the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
           retained or assumed, either contractually or by operation of law, and
           none of the Company or its subsidiaries has contractually retained or
           assumed any liabilities or obligations that could reasonably be
           expected to provide the basis for any material Environmental Claim.

               (iv)  RELEASES.  There have been no Releases (as defined below)
           of any Hazardous Materials (as defined below) that could reasonably
           be expected to form the basis of any material Environmental Claim
           against the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

               (v)  DEFINITIONS.  (A) "Environmental Claims" means any and all
           actions, orders, decrees, suits, demands, directives, claims, liens,
           investigations, proceedings or notices of violation by any
           Governmental Entity or other person alleging potential responsibility
           or liability arising out of, based on or related to (x) the presence,
           Release or threatened Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous
           Materials at any location or (y) circumstances forming the basis of
           any violation or alleged violation of any Environmental Law.

               (B)  "Environmental Laws" means all laws, rules, regulations,
           orders, decrees, common law, judgments or binding agreements issued,
           promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Entity
           relating to pollution or protection of the environment or human
           health.

               (C)  "Environmental Permits" means all permits, licenses,
           registrations and other authorizations required under applicable
           Environmental Laws.

               (D)  "Hazardous Materials" means all hazardous, toxic, explosive
           or radioactive substances, wastes or other pollutants, including
           petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos, polychlorinated
           biphenyls, radon gas and all other substances or wastes of any nature
           regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

               (E)  "Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking,
           dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal,
           leaching or migration into the environment or within any building,
           structure, facility or fixture.

           (m)  ERISA COMPLIANCE; EXCESS PARACHUTE
       PAYMENTS.  (i) Section 3.01(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
       contains a true, complete and correct list of all Company Benefit Plans,
       including each "employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in
       Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
       amended ("ERISA")) (sometimes referred to herein as a "Company Pension
       Plan"), and "employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1)
       of ERISA), and all Company Benefit Agreements. The Company has made
       available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of (A) each Company
       Benefit Plan and Company Benefit Agreement (or, in the case of any
       unwritten Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement, a
       description thereof), (B) the most recent annual reports on Form 5500
       filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Company
       Benefit Plan (if any such report was required), (C) the most recent
       summary plan description for each Company Benefit Plan for which such
       summary plan description is required, (D) each trust agreement and group
       annuity contract relating to any Company Benefit Plan and (E) the most
       recent Internal Revenue Service determination letter for each Company
       Pension Plan intended to be tax-qualified under Section 401(a) of the
       Code.

               (ii) Each Company Benefit Plan has been administered in all
           material respects in accordance with its terms. The Company, its
           subsidiaries and each Company Benefit Plan are in compliance in all
           material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the
           Code, and all other domestic or foreign (whether national, federal,
           state, provincial, local or otherwise) laws. There is no pending or,
           to the knowledge of the Company,

                                      A-18

           threatened, suit, claim (other than claims for benefits in the
           ordinary course of business), action, investigation or proceeding
           relating to Company Benefit Plans.

              (iii) All Company Pension Plans intended to be qualified have
           received favorable determination letters from the Internal Revenue
           Service with respect to "TRA" (as defined in Section 1 of Rev. Proc.
           93-39), to the effect that such Company Pension Plans are qualified
           and exempt from federal income taxes under Sections 401(a) and
           501(a), respectively, of the Code, and no such determination letter
           has been revoked nor, to the knowledge of the Company, has any such
           revocation been threatened, nor has any such Company Pension Plan
           been amended since the date of its most recent determination letter
           or application therefor in any respect that would adversely affect
           its qualification or materially increase its costs or require
           security under Section 307 of ERISA. No Company Pension Plan, other
           than any Company Pension Plan that is a "multiemployer plan" within
           the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a "Company Multiemployer
           Pension Plan"), had, as of the respective last annual valuation date
           for such Company Pension Plan, any "unfunded benefit liabilities" (as
           such term is defined in Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA) based on
           actuarial assumptions that have been furnished to Parent, and, as of
           the date of this Agreement, there has been no material adverse change
           in the financial condition of any Company Pension Plan since its last
           such annual valuation date.

               (iv) No material liability under Subtitle C or D of Title IV of
           ERISA has been or is reasonably expected to be incurred by the
           Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing,
           frozen or terminated "single-employer plan" (within the meaning of
           Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) currently or formerly maintained by any
           of them, or the single-employer plan of any Commonly Controlled
           Entity. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any officer of
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries, any of the Company Benefit
           Plans which are subject to ERISA, including the Company Pension
           Plans, or any trusts created thereunder or any trustee or
           administrator thereof has engaged in a "prohibited transaction" (as
           such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the
           Code) or any other material breach of fiduciary responsibility that
           could subject the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any officer of
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any material tax or penalty
           on prohibited transactions imposed by such Section 4975 or to any
           liability under Section 502(i) or 502(l) of ERISA. None of such
           Company Benefit Plans and trusts has been terminated, nor has there
           been any "reportable event" (as that term is defined in Section 4043
           of ERISA) for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been
           waived, with respect to any Company Benefit Plan during the last five
           years, and no notice of a reportable event will be required to be
           filed in connection with this Agreement, the Merger or any other
           transaction contemplated hereby. Neither the Company nor any of its
           subsidiaries has incurred a "complete withdrawal" or a "partial
           withdrawal" (as such terms are defined in Sections 4203 and 4205,
           respectively, of ERISA) since the effective date of such Sections
           4203 and 4205 with respect to any Company Multiemployer Pension Plan.
           All contributions and premiums required to be made under the terms of
           any Company Benefit Plan as of the date of this Agreement have been
           timely made or have been reflected on the most recent consolidated
           balance sheet filed or incorporated by reference in the Company Filed
           SEC Documents. Neither any Company Pension Plan nor any
           single-employer plan of any Commonly Controlled Entity has an
           "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term is defined in
           Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or not
           waived.

               (v) With respect to each Company Benefit Plan that is an employee
           welfare benefit plan, (A) such Company Benefit Plan is not funded
           through a "welfare benefit fund" (as such term is defined in
           Section 419(e) of the Code), (B) such Company Benefit Plan that

                                      A-19

           is a "group health plan" (as such term is defined in
           Section 5000(b)(1) of the Code) complies in all material respects
           with the applicable requirements of Section 4980B(f) of the Code and
           (C) such Company Benefit Plan (including any such plan covering
           retirees or other former employees) may be amended or terminated on
           or at any time after the Effective Time without the imposition
           individually or in the aggregate of any material liability on the
           Company or any of its subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of
           its subsidiaries has any obligations for retiree health or life
           benefits under any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement.

               (vi) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
           Company nor the obtaining of the Stockholder Approval nor the
           consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by
           this Agreement will (A) entitle any current or former director,
           officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries to severance pay, (B) except pursuant to the Company
           Stock Plans which provide for Company Stock Options, accelerate the
           time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through
           a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, or
           increase the amount payable or trigger any other material obligation
           pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement or
           (C) result in any breach or violation of, or a default under, any
           Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement.

              (vii) Other than payments that may be made to the persons listed
           in Section 3.01(m)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, any
           amount or economic benefit that could be received (whether in cash or
           property or the vesting of property) as a result of the execution and
           delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the obtaining of the
           Stockholder Approval or the consummation of the Merger or any other
           transaction contemplated by this Agreement (including as a result of
           termination of employment on or following the Effective Time) by any
           current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the
           Company or any of its affiliates who is a "disqualified individual"
           (as such term is defined in proposed Treasury Regulation
           Section 1.280G-1) under any Company Benefit Plan or Company Benefit
           Agreement or otherwise would not be characterized as an "excess
           parachute payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code),
           and no disqualified individual is entitled to receive any additional
           payment from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any other
           person in the event that the excise tax under Section 4999 of the
           Code is imposed on such disqualified individual. Set forth in
           Section 3.01(m)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is the "base
           amount" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) as of the date
           of this Agreement for each person listed in Section 3.01(m)(vii) of
           the Company Disclosure Schedule.

             (viii) The Company and its subsidiaries do not have any material
           liability or obligations, including under or pursuant to any Company
           Benefit Plan or Company Benefit Agreement, arising out of the hiring
           of persons to provide services to the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries and treating such persons as consultants or independent
           contractors and not as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries.

                                      A-20

           (n)  TAXES.  (i) Except for matters that individually or in the
       aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
       effect on the Company:

              (A) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has timely filed all
           tax returns (as defined below in clause (v)) required to be filed by
           it. Each of the Company and each of its subsidiaries has timely paid
           or caused to be timely paid all taxes due with respect to the taxable
           periods covered by such tax returns and all other taxes as are due,
           and the most recent financial statements contained in the Company
           Filed SEC Documents reflect an adequate reserve (in addition to any
           reserve for deferred taxes established to reflect timing differences
           between book and tax income) for all taxes payable by the Company and
           its subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof through
           the date of such financial statements.

               (B) Except in respect of the Internal Revenue Service audit for
           the 1998 taxable year, no tax return of the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries is under audit or examination by any taxing authority,
           and no notice of such an audit or examination has been received by
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There is no deficiency,
           refund litigation, proposed adjustment or matter in controversy with
           respect to any taxes due and owing by the Company or any of its
           subsidiaries. Each deficiency resulting from any completed audit or
           examination relating to taxes by any taxing authority has been timely
           paid. No issues relating to taxes were raised by the relevant taxing
           authority in any completed audit or examination that could reasonably
           be expected to recur in a later taxable period. The United States
           federal income tax returns of the Company and its subsidiaries have
           either been examined and settled with the Internal Revenue Service or
           closed by virtue of the expiration of the applicable statute of
           limitations for all years through 1996.

               (C) Except in respect of the Internal Revenue Service audit for
           the 1998 taxable year, there is no currently effective agreement or
           other document extending, or having the effect of extending, the
           period of assessment or collection of any taxes and no power of
           attorney (other than powers of attorney authorizing employees of the
           Company to act on behalf of the Company) with respect to any taxes
           has been executed or filed with any taxing authority.

              (D) No Liens for taxes exist with respect to any assets or
           properties of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for
           statutory Liens for taxes not yet due.

               (E) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries will be
           required to include in a taxable period ending after the Effective
           Time taxable income attributable to income that accrued (for purposes
           of the financial statements of the Company included in the Company
           Filed SEC Documents) in a prior taxable period but was not recognized
           for tax purposes in any prior taxable period as a result of the
           installment method of accounting, the completed contract method of
           accounting, the long-term contract method of accounting, the cash
           method of accounting or Section 481 of the Code or comparable
           provisions of any other, domestic or foreign (whether national,
           federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) tax laws, or for any
           other reason.

               (F) The Company and its subsidiaries have complied with all
           applicable statutes, laws, ordinances, rules and regulations relating
           to the payment and withholding of taxes (including withholding of
           taxes pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442, 3121 and 3402 of the Code and
           similar provisions under any other domestic or foreign (whether
           national, federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) tax laws)
           and have, within the time and the manner prescribed by law, withheld
           from and paid over to the proper Governmental Entities all amounts
           required to be so withheld and paid over under applicable laws.

                                      A-21

               (ii) None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has
           constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled
           corporation" (in each case, within the meaning of
           Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock
           qualifying for tax-free treatment under Section 355(e) of the Code
           (A) in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement or (B) in a
           distribution that could otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or
           "series of related transactions" (within the meaning of
           Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Merger.

              (iii) The Company was not, at any time during the period specified
           in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code, a United States real
           property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2)
           of the Code.

               (iv) None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has taken any
           action, or failed to take any action, or has knowledge of any fact,
           agreement, plan or other circumstance that could reasonably prevent
           the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of
           Section 368(a) of the Code.

               (v) As used in this Agreement, (A) "taxes" shall include (1) all
           forms of taxation, whenever created or imposed, and whether domestic
           or foreign, and whether imposed by a national, federal, state,
           provincial, local or other Governmental Entity, including all
           interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such
           amounts, (2) liability for the payment of any amounts of the type
           described in clause (1) as a result of being a member of an
           affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group and
           (3) liability for the payment of any amounts as a result of being
           party to any tax sharing agreement or as a result of any express or
           implied obligation to indemnify any other person with respect to the
           payment of any amount described in clause (1) or (2) and (B) "tax
           returns" shall mean all domestic or foreign (whether national,
           federal, state, provincial, local or otherwise) returns,
           declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms and information
           returns relating to taxes and any amended tax return.

           (o)  TITLE TO PROPERTIES.  (i) Each of the Company and its
       subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold
       interests in, all of its properties and assets except for such as are no
       longer used or useful in the conduct of its businesses or as have been
       disposed of in the ordinary course of business and except for defects in
       title, easements, restrictive covenants and similar encumbrances that
       individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have
       a material adverse effect on the Company. All such properties and assets,
       other than properties and assets in which the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries has a leasehold interest, are free and clear of all Liens,
       except for Liens arising under the Financing Agreement and Liens that
       individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have
       a material adverse effect on the Company.

               (ii) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has complied with
           the terms of all leases to which it is a party and under which it is
           in occupancy, and all such leases are in full force and effect,
           except for such noncompliances or failures to be in full force and
           effect that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be
           expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The
           Company and its subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed
           possession under all such leases, except for failures to do so that
           individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to
           have a material adverse effect on the Company.

           (p)  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.  (i) Section 3.01(p) of the Company
       Disclosure Schedule lists all material registered trademarks, tradenames,
       service marks, registered copyrights and applications therefor, patents
       and patent applications, if any, owned by or licensed to the Company or
       any of its subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement. Each of the
       Company

                                      A-22

       and its subsidiaries owns, or is validly licensed or otherwise has the
       right to use, in each case free and clear of any Liens other than Liens
       arising under the Financing Agreement, all Intellectual Property (as
       defined below in clause (iv)) used or necessary to carry on its business
       as now being conducted except for Intellectual Property the failure of
       which to own or have the right to use could not reasonably be expected to
       have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company has made
       available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all license
       agreements relating to Intellectual Property to which the Company or any
       of its subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this Agreement.

               (ii) None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has infringed
           upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict with any
           Intellectual Property or other proprietary information of any other
           person, except for any such infringement, misappropriation or other
           conflict that individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably
           be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. None of
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries has received any written
           material charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice alleging any such
           infringement, misappropriation or other conflict (including any claim
           that the Company or any of its subsidiaries must license or refrain
           from using any Intellectual Property or other proprietary information
           of any other person), or is party to or the subject of any pending
           or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, material suit,
           claim, action, investigation or proceeding before or by any
           Governmental Entity with respect to any such infringement,
           misappropriation or conflict, that has not been settled or otherwise
           fully resolved. To the Company's knowledge, no other person has
           infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise come into conflict with
           any Intellectual Property owned by, licensed to or otherwise used by
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for any such
           infringement, misappropriation or other conflict that individually or
           in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material
           adverse effect on the Company.

              (iii) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has taken all
           reasonable and necessary steps to protect its material Intellectual
           Property and rights thereunder, and to the knowledge of the Company
           no such rights to material Intellectual Property have been lost or
           are in jeopardy of being lost as a result of any act or omission by
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

               (iv) As used in this Agreement, "Intellectual Property" shall
           mean trademarks (registered or unregistered), service marks, brand
           names, certification marks, trade dress, assumed names, trade names
           and other indications of origin, the goodwill associated with the
           foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction of, and applications
           in any jurisdiction to register, the foregoing, including any
           extension, modification or renewal of any such registration or
           application; trade secrets and confidential information and rights in
           any jurisdiction to limit the use or disclosure thereof by any
           person; registration or applications for registration of copyrights
           in any jurisdiction, and any renewals or extensions thereof; any
           similar intellectual property or proprietary rights similar to any of
           the foregoing; licenses, immunities, covenants not to sue and the
           like relating to any of the foregoing; and any claims or causes of
           action arising out of or related to any infringement, misuse or
           misappropriation of any of the foregoing.

                                      A-23

           (q)  STATE TAKEOVER STATUTES.  Assuming the accuracy of the
       representations and warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in
       Section 3.02(l), the approval of the Merger by the Board of Directors of
       the Company referred to in Section 3.01(d) constitutes approval of the
       Merger for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL and represents the only
       action necessary to ensure that the restrictions on business combinations
       (as such term is defined therein) set forth in Section 203 of the DGCL
       does not and will not apply to the execution or delivery of this
       Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
       contemplated hereby. To the knowledge of the Company, no other state
       takeover or similar statute or regulation is applicable to this
       Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.

           (r)  VOTING REQUIREMENTS.  Assuming the accuracy of the
       representations and warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in
       Section 3.02(l), the affirmative vote at the Stockholders Meeting (as
       defined in Section 5.01(b)) or any adjournment or postponement thereof of
       the holders of a majority of the votes represented by all the outstanding
       shares of Company Common Stock in favor of adopting this Agreement (the
       "Stockholder Approval") is the only vote of the holders of any class or
       series of the Company's capital stock necessary to approve or adopt this
       Agreement or the Merger. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
       warranties of Parent and Sub set forth in Section 3.02(l), the
       affirmative vote of the holders of any class or series of the Company's
       capital stock is not necessary to approve any transaction contemplated by
       this Agreement (other than the adoption of this Agreement).

           (s)  BROKERS; SCHEDULE OF FEES AND EXPENSES.  No broker, investment
       banker, financial advisor or other person, other than Merrill Lynch &
       Co., the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is
       entitled to any broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or other similar
       fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
       this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
       Company. The Company has delivered to Parent true and complete copies of
       all agreements under which any such fees or expenses are payable and all
       indemnification and other agreements related to the engagement of the
       persons to whom such fees are payable. The fees and expenses of any
       accountant, broker, financial advisor, consultant, legal counsel or other
       person retained by the Company in connection with this Agreement or the
       transactions contemplated hereby or incurred or to be incurred by the
       Company in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
       contemplated hereby will not exceed the fees and expenses set forth in
       Section 3.01(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule without the consent of
       Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

           (t)  OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR.  The Company has received the
       opinion of Merrill Lynch & Co., in customary form, to the effect that, as
       of the date of this Agreement, the consideration to be received in the
       Merger by the Company's stockholders (other then Parent and its
       affiliates) is fair to the Company's stockholders from a financial point
       of view, a copy of which opinion will be delivered to Parent by the
       Company promptly after receipt by the Company.

           (u)  RIGHTS AGREEMENT.  The Board of Directors of the Company has
       approved an amendment to the Rights Agreement to the effect that (i) no
       "Shares Acquisition Date" or "Distribution Date" (as such terms are
       defined in the Rights Agreement) will occur as a result of the approval,
       execution or delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger
       and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) neither Parent nor
       Sub will be an "Acquiring Person" (as such term is defined in the Rights
       Agreement), (iii) the Rights will expire immediately prior to the
       Effective Time and (iv) the Rights Agreement will otherwise be
       inapplicable to Parent while this Agreement is in effect.

                                      A-24

    SECTION 3.02.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB.  Except as
set forth on the disclosure schedule (with specific reference to the Section or
Subsection of this Agreement to which the information stated in such disclosure
relates, with such disclosure to be applicable to other Sections or Subsections
of this Agreement to the extent a matter is disclosed in such a way as to make
its relevance to the information called for by such other Section or Subsection
readily apparent) delivered by Parent to the Company prior to the execution of
this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule"), Parent and Sub represent and
warrant to the Company as follows:

        (a)  ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND CORPORATE POWER.  Each of Parent and Sub
    (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
    under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, (ii) has all
    requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now
    being conducted and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business and
    is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business
    or the ownership, leasing or operation of its properties makes such
    qualification or licensing necessary, other than where the failure to be so
    organized, existing, qualified or licensed or in good standing individually
    or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on Parent. Parent has made available to the Company true and
    complete copies of its Restated Articles of Incorporation and By-laws and
    the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of Sub, in each case as amended
    to the date of this Agreement.

        (b)  CAPITAL STRUCTURE.  As of the date of this Agreement, the
    authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 200,000,000 shares of Parent
    Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per
    share (the "Parent Preferred Stock"). As of the close of business on
    April 9, 2001, (i) 119,845,655 shares of Parent Common Stock (excluding
    treasury shares) were issued and outstanding, (ii) 19,336,845 shares of
    Parent Common Stock were held by Parent in its treasury, (iii) 13,882,690
    shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to
    outstanding unexercised employee stock options granted pursuant to Parent's
    stock option plans or otherwise and (iv) no shares of Parent Preferred Stock
    were issued and outstanding. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no
    bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Parent, and no securities
    or other instruments or obligations of Parent the value of which is in any
    way based upon or derived from any capital or voting stock of Parent, having
    the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities
    having the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of Parent may
    vote. Except as set forth above, as of the date of this Agreement, there are
    no material Contracts of any kind to which Parent is a party or by which
    Parent is bound obligating Parent to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
    issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock of, or other
    equity or voting interests in, or securities convertible into, or
    exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of capital stock of, or other equity
    or voting interests in, Parent or obligating Parent to issue, grant, extend
    or enter into any such security, option, warrant, call, right or Contract.
    As of the date of this Agreement, there are not any outstanding material
    contractual obligations of Parent to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
    any shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in,
    Parent.

        (c)  AUTHORITY; NONCONTRAVENTION.  Parent and Sub have the requisite
    corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
    consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The execution
    and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the consummation by
    Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been
    duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and
    Sub and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Sub are
    necessary to approve this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and
    delivered by Parent and Sub, as applicable, and constitutes a valid and
    binding obligation of Parent and Sub, as applicable, enforceable against
    Parent and Sub, as applicable, in accordance with its terms subject to
    (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer and

                                      A-25

    conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, receivership and similar laws
    relating to or affecting the enforcement of the rights and remedies of
    creditors generally, (ii) principles of equity (regardless of whether
    considered and applied in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) an
    implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The execution and delivery
    of this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the consummation of the transactions
    contemplated hereby and the compliance by Parent and Sub with the provisions
    of this Agreement do not and will not conflict with, or result in any
    violation or breach of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time,
    or both) under, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination,
    cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material
    benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
    properties or assets of Parent under, or give rise to any increased,
    additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements under, any
    provision of (i) the Restated Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of Parent
    or the Certificate of incorporation or By-laws of Sub, (ii) any Contract to
    which Parent or Sub is a party or any of their respective properties or
    assets is subject or (iii) subject to the governmental filings and other
    matters referred to in the following sentence, any (A) statute, law,
    ordinance, rule or regulation or (B) judgment, order or decree, in each
    case, applicable to Parent or Sub or their respective properties or assets,
    other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), any such conflicts,
    violations, defaults, rights, results, losses, Liens or entitlements that
    individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to prevent
    or materially impede or delay the consummation of the Merger or the other
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No consent, approval, order or
    authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
    Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to Parent or Sub in
    connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and
    Sub or the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated
    hereby or the compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, except for
    (1) the filing of a premerger notification and report form under the HSR Act
    or any other applicable competition, merger control, antitrust or similar
    law or regulation, (2) the filing with the SEC of the registration statement
    on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with the
    issuance of Parent Common Stock in the Merger (the "Form S-4") and such
    reports under the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this
    Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby,
    (3) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of
    the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant
    authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to do
    business, (4) filings with the NYSE and (5) such other consents, approvals,
    orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings (i) as may
    be required under the "blue sky" laws of various states or (ii) the failure
    of which to be obtained or made individually or in the aggregate could not
    reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the
    consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.

        (d)  PARENT SEC DOCUMENTS.  Parent has filed with the SEC all forms,
    reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed with
    the SEC by Parent since January 1, 1998 (together with all information
    incorporated therein by reference, the "Parent SEC Documents"). As of their
    respective dates, the Parent SEC Documents complied as to form in all
    material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
    Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
    promulgated thereunder applicable to such Parent SEC Documents, and none of
    the Parent SEC Documents at the time they were filed contained any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
    be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
    light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
    financial statements (including the related notes) of Parent included in the
    Parent SEC Documents comply as to form in all material respects with
    applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations
    of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP
    (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of
    the SEC) applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved

                                      A-26

    (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all
    material respects the consolidated financial position of Parent and its
    consolidated subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated
    results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in
    the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring year-end audit
    adjustments).

        (e)  ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES OR EVENTS.  Since December 31, 2000,
    there has not been any state of facts, change, development, effect,
    condition or occurrence that individually or in the aggregate constitutes,
    has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect
    on Parent.

        (f)  VOTING REQUIREMENTS.  No vote of the holders of shares of Parent
    Common Stock or any other class or series of capital stock of Parent is
    necessary to approve or adopt this Agreement, the Merger or the other
    transactions contemplated hereby.

        (g)  TAXES.  None of Parent or any of its subsidiaries has taken any
    action, or failed to take any action, or has knowledge of any fact,
    agreement, plan or other circumstance that could reasonably prevent the
    Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of
    Section 368(a) of the Code.

        (h)  LITIGATION.  As of the date of this Agreement, there is no suit,
    claim, action, investigation or proceeding pending against or affecting
    Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective assets before
    or by any Governmental Entity that individually or in the aggregate could
    reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impede or delay the
    consummation of the Merger and the other transaction contemplated by this
    Agreement nor is there any judgment, order or decree of any Governmental
    Entity or arbitrator outstanding against Parent or any of its subsidiaries
    that individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to
    prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

        (i)  BROKERS.  No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other
    person, other than Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, the fees and expenses
    of which will be paid by Parent, is entitled to any broker's, finder's,
    financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection with
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made
    by or on behalf of Parent.

        (j)  INTERIM OPERATIONS OF SUB.  Sub was formed solely for the purpose
    of engaging in the transactions contemplated hereby and has engaged in no
    business other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement.

        (k)  PARENT COMMON STOCK.  The shares of Parent Common Stock to be
    issued in connection with the Merger (including pursuant to the Adjusted
    Options), when issued in accordance with the terms and provisions of this
    Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
    non-assessable and will not be subject to any preemptive or other statutory
    right of stockholders and will be issued in compliance with applicable
    United States federal and state securities laws.

        (l)  COMPANY CAPITAL STOCK.  Each of Parent and Sub is not, nor at any
    time during the last three years has either been, an "interested
    stockholder" of the Company as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL. Each of
    Parent and Sub does not own (directly or indirectly, beneficially or of
    record) and is not a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
    for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of, any shares of
    capital stock of the Company (other than as contemplated by this Agreement).

        (m)  FINANCING.  Parent has all funds, either from its available cash
    and cash equivalents or from borrowings currently available to be made under
    its existing credit facilities, necessary to

                                      A-27

    consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby on the
    terms and subject to the conditions contemplated hereby.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                   COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

    SECTION 4.01.  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.

        (a)  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.  During the period from the date of this
    Agreement to the Effective Time, except as consented to in writing by Parent
    or as specifically required or permitted by this Agreement, the Company
    shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries to, carry on their respective
    businesses, and continue all pricing, sales, receivables and payables
    practices, in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and comply
    with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in all material respects and
    use all commercially reasonable efforts to preserve their assets, brands,
    licenses and technology and their relationships with customers, suppliers,
    licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business
    dealings with them. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during
    the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, except as
    consented to in writing by Parent, as set forth in Section 4.01(a) of the
    Company Disclosure Schedule or as specifically required or permitted by this
    Agreement, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
    subsidiaries to:

           (i) (A) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other
       distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of, any of
       its capital stock, except for dividends by a direct or indirect wholly
       owned subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (B) purchase, redeem or
       otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock or any other securities of
       the Company or its subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights
       to acquire any such shares or other securities or (C) split, combine or
       reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of
       any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for
       shares of its capital stock or any of its other securities;

           (ii) issue, deliver, sell, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of
       its capital stock, any other equity or voting interests or any securities
       convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any options, warrants, calls or
       rights to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or convertible or
       exchangeable securities or any stock appreciation rights or other rights
       that are linked in any way to the price of Company Common Stock (other
       than pursuant to the ME Acquisition Corp. Bonus Plan for Senior
       Executives, the Rights and the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock
       upon the exercise of Company Stock Options or rights under the ESPP, in
       each case in accordance with their terms as in effect on the date of this
       Agreement);

          (iii) amend or propose to amend its certificate of incorporation or
       by-laws (or similar organizational documents);

           (iv) directly or indirectly acquire or agree to acquire (A) by
       merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all or a substantial
       portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any assets constituting
       a business or any corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
       joint venture or association or other entity or division thereof, or any
       direct or indirect interest in any of the foregoing, or (B) any assets
       other than Inventory or other immaterial assets in each case in the
       ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

           (v) directly or indirectly sell, lease, license, sell and leaseback,
       mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien (other than Liens
       arising under the Financing Agreement) or otherwise dispose of any of its
       properties or assets or any interest therein, except sales of Inventory,
       factoring of its accounts receivable and sales of immaterial assets, in
       each case in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice;

                                      A-28

           (vi) (x) repurchase, prepay or incur any indebtedness or guarantee
       any indebtedness of another person or issue or sell any debt securities
       or options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt
       securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, guarantee any debt
       securities of another person, enter into any "keep well" or other
       agreement to maintain any financial statement condition of another person
       or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the
       foregoing, except for short-term borrowings incurred and letters of
       credit opened, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent
       with past practice or (y) make any loans, advances (other than in respect
       of travel expenses advanced to employees in the ordinary course of
       business) or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
       person, other than the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned
       subsidiary of the Company;

          (vii) incur or commit to incur any capital expenditures, or any
       obligations or liabilities in connection therewith, in any manner
       inconsistent in any material respect with the Company's capital budget
       for 2001, a true and complete copy of which (including all back-up
       materials) has been provided to Parent prior to the date of this
       Agreement;

         (viii) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any material claims (including
       claims of stockholders), liabilities or obligations (whether absolute,
       accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the
       payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business
       consistent with past practice or as required by their terms as in effect
       on the date of this Agreement of claims, liabilities or obligations
       reflected or reserved against in the most recent audited financial
       statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the Company
       Filed SEC Documents (for amounts not in excess of such reserves) or
       incurred since the date of such financial statements in the ordinary
       course of business consistent with past practice, or waive, release,
       grant or transfer any right of material value, other than in the ordinary
       course of business consistent with past practice, or waive any material
       benefits of, or agree to modify in any adverse respect, or, subject to
       the terms hereof, fail to enforce, or consent to any matter with respect
       to which its consent is required under, any confidentiality, standstill
       or similar agreement to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
       party;

           (ix) enter into, modify, amend or terminate (A) any Contract which if
       so entered into, modified, amended or terminated could be reasonably
       likely to (x) have a material adverse effect on the Company, (y) impair
       in any material respect the ability of the Company to perform its
       obligations under this Agreement or (z) prevent or materially delay the
       consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
       (B) except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
       practice, any other material Contract to which the Company or any
       subsidiary thereof is a party;

           (x) enter into any Contract to the extent consummation of the
       transactions contemplated by this Agreement or compliance by the Company
       with the provisions of this Agreement could reasonably be expected to
       conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of, or default (with or
       without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right
       of, or result in, termination, cancelation or acceleration of any
       obligation or to a loss of a benefit under, or result in the creation of
       any Lien in or upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any
       of its subsidiaries under, or give rise to any increased, additional,
       accelerated, or guaranteed right or entitlements of any third party
       under, or result in any material alteration of, any provision of such
       Contract;

                                      A-29

           (xi) enter into any Contract containing any restriction on the
       ability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to assign its rights,
       interests or obligations thereunder, unless such restriction expressly
       excludes any assignment to Parent or any of its subsidiaries in
       connection with or following the consummation of the Merger and the other
       transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

          (xii) (A) except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or as
       required to comply with applicable law or any Contract, Company Benefit
       Plan or Company Benefit Agreement existing on the date of this Agreement,
       pay any material benefit not provided for as of the date of this
       Agreement under any Contract, Company Benefit Agreement or Company
       Benefit Plan or (B) adopt or enter into any collective bargaining
       agreement or other labor union contract applicable to the employees of
       the Company or any subsidiary thereof;

         (xiii) except as required to comply with applicable law or any
       provision of any Company Benefit Plan, Company Benefit Agreement or other
       Contract as in effect on the date of this Agreement, (A) take any action
       to fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or
       benefits under any Company Benefit Plan, Company Benefit Agreement or
       other Contract or (B) take any action to accelerate the vesting or
       payment of any compensation or benefit under any Company Benefit Plan or
       Company Benefit Agreement or other Contract;

          (xiv) maintain insurance at less than current levels or otherwise in a
       manner inconsistent with past practice;

          (xv) take any action (or omit to take any action) if such action (or
       omission) would or could reasonably be expected to result in (A) any
       representation and warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement
       that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue, (B) any such
       representation and warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue in
       any material respect or (C) any condition to the Merger set forth in
       Article VI not being satisfied;

          (xvi) commence any suit, action or proceeding (other than a suit,
       claim, action or proceeding in connection with the collection of accounts
       receivable, to enforce the terms of this Agreement or as a result of a
       suit, action or proceeding commenced against the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries);

         (xvii) change its fiscal year, revalue any of its material assets or,
       except as required by generally accepted accounting principles, make any
       changes in accounting methods, principles or practices;

         (xviii) engage in (A) any trade loading practices or any other
       promotional sales or discount activity with any customers or distributors
       with the effect of accelerating to pre-Closing periods sales to the trade
       or otherwise that would otherwise be expected (based on past practice) to
       occur in post-Closing periods, (B) any practice which would have the
       effect of accelerating to pre-Closing periods collections of receivables
       that would otherwise be expected (based on past practice) to be made in
       post-Closing periods, (C) any practice which would have the effect of
       postponing to post-Closing periods payments by the Company or any of its
       subsidiaries that would otherwise be expected (based on past practice) to
       be made in pre-Closing periods or (D) any other promotional sales,
       discount activity or inventory overstocking or understocking, in each
       case in this clause (D) in a manner outside the ordinary course of
       business; or

          (xix) authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to take any of,
       the foregoing actions.

        (b)  CERTAIN TAX MATTERS.  During the period from the date of this
    Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of
    its subsidiaries to, (i) timely file all tax returns

                                      A-30

    ("Post-Signing Returns") required to be filed by it, (ii) timely pay all
    taxes due and payable in respect of such Post-Signing Returns that are so
    filed, (iii) accrue a reserve in its books and records and financial
    statements in accordance with past practice for all taxes payable by it for
    which no Post-Signing Return is due prior to the Effective Time,
    (iv) promptly notify Parent of any suit, claim, action, investigation,
    proceeding or audit (collectively, "Actions") pending against or with
    respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries in respect of any tax and
    not settle or compromise any such Action without Parent's consent, (v) not
    make any material tax election without Parent's consent, and (vi) cause any
    and all existing tax sharing agreements, tax indemnity obligations and
    similar agreements, arrangements and practices with respect to taxes to
    which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries is otherwise bound to be terminated as of
    the Closing Date so that after such date neither the Company nor any of its
    subsidiaries shall have any further rights or liabilities thereunder.

        (c)  ADVICE OF CHANGES; FILINGS.  The Company shall (i) at the request
    of Parent, confer with Parent on a regular and frequent basis to report on
    operational matters and other matters requested by Parent and (ii) promptly
    advise Parent orally and in writing of any change or event that could
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
    Upon obtaining knowledge thereof, the Company shall give prompt notice to
    Parent of any representation or warranty made by it contained in this
    Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate such that the condition set forth in
    Section 6.02(a) would not be satisfied; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that no such
    notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or
    agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the
    parties under this Agreement. The Company and Parent shall each promptly
    provide the other copies of all filings made by such party with any
    Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
    contemplated hereby, other than the portions of such filings that include
    confidential information not directly related to the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement.

        (d)  LITIGATION.  The Company shall provide to Parent immediate written
    notice and copies of all pleadings and correspondence in connection with any
    suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding before or by a Governmental
    Entity against the Company and/or its directors relating to the transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement.

    SECTION 4.02.  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY PARENT.  During the period from the
date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Parent agrees that, except as
consented to in writing by the Company or as specifically required or permitted
by this Agreement:

        (a)  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.  Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts
    to preserve intact its business in all material respects and preserve its
    relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors
    and others having material business dealings with it.

        (b)  DIVIDENDS; CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL.  Parent shall not, and shall
    not permit any of its subsidiaries to (i) declare or pay any dividends on or
    make other distributions in respect of any of its capital stock, except
    dividends by a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent to its
    parent or (ii) acquire any shares of its capital stock or any securities
    convertible into or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock through
    a self-tender offer.

        (c)  LIQUIDATION.  Parent shall not adopt a plan of complete or partial
    liquidation with respect to Parent or resolutions providing for or
    authorizing such a liquidation or a dissolution.

        (d)  GOVERNING DOCUMENTS.  Except to the extent required to comply with
    its obligations hereunder, required by law or required by the rules and
    regulations of the NYSE, Parent shall not amend or propose to amend its
    amended and restated articles of incorporation or by-laws in such a manner
    as would cause holders of Company Common Stock that receive Parent Common
    Stock

                                      A-31

    pursuant to the Merger to be treated differently than other holders of
    Parent Common Stock after the Closing Date.

        (e)  NO GENERAL AUTHORIZATION.  Parent shall not, nor shall it permit
    any of its subsidiaries to, authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to
    take any of, the actions prohibited by paragraphs (a) through (d) of this
    Section 4.02.

        (f)  ADVICE OF CHANGES.  Parent shall promptly advise the Company orally
    and in writing of any change or event known to Parent that could reasonably
    be expected to have a material adverse effect on Parent.

    SECTION 4.03.  NO SOLICITATION.  (a) The Company shall not, nor shall it
permit any of its subsidiaries to, or authorize or permit any director, officer
or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker,
attorney, accountant or other advisor or representative of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly
encourage, or take any other action knowingly to facilitate, any Takeover
Proposal (as defined below) or any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a Takeover Proposal or
(ii) enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect
to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, any Takeover Proposal; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that at any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder Approval, the Board
of Directors of the Company may, in response to a bona fide written Takeover
Proposal that such Board of Directors determines in good faith constitutes or is
reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal (as defined below), and which
Takeover Proposal was unsolicited and did not otherwise result from a breach of
this Section 4.03, and subject to compliance with Section 4.03(c) and (d),
(x) furnish information with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries to the
person making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) pursuant to a
customary confidentiality agreement, PROVIDED that all such information is
provided or made available on a prior or substantially concurrent basis to
Parent, and (y) participate in discussions or negotiations with the person
making such Takeover Proposal (and its representatives) regarding such Takeover
Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any violation of
the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence by any director, officer or
employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker,
attorney, accountant or other advisor or representative of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 4.02(a) by the
Company.

    The term "Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any
person relating to, or that is reasonably likely to lead to, any direct or
indirect acquisition, in one transaction or a series of transactions, including
any merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition,
asset acquisition, binding share exchange, business combination,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or similar
transaction, of (A) assets or businesses that constitute or represent 20% or
more of the total revenue, operating income, EBITDA or assets of the Company and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) 20% or more of the outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock or capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests
in, any of the Company's subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding,
individually or taken together, the assets or businesses referred to in
clause (A) above, in each case other than the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

    (b)  Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof
shall (i) (A) withdraw (or modify in a manner adverse to Parent or Sub) the
recommendation by such Board of Directors or any such committee of this
Agreement or the Merger, (B) determine that this Agreement or the Merger is no
longer advisable, (C) recommend that the stockholders of the Company reject this
Agreement or the Merger, (D) recommend the approval or adoption of any Takeover
Proposal or (E) resolve, agree or propose publicly to take any such actions, in
each case unless the Board of Directors or a committee thereof determines in
good faith, after consulting with legal counsel, that the failure to take any
such action set forth in this Section 4.03(b)(i) would be reasonably likely to
result in

                                      A-32

a breach of its fiduciary duties under applicable law (each such action set
forth in this Section 4.03(b)(i) being referred to herein as an "Adverse
Recommendation Change"), (ii) adopt or approve any Takeover Proposal, or
withdraw its approval of this Agreement, or resolve or agree to take any such
actions, (iii) without limiting Section 4.03(b)(i), propose publicly to adopt or
approve any Takeover Proposal or propose publicly to withdraw its approval of
this Agreement, or resolve or agree to take any such actions, or (iv) cause or
permit the Company to enter into any letter of intent, memorandum of
understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement,
option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other
agreement (each, an "Acquisition Agreement") constituting or related to, or
which is intended to or is reasonably likely to lead to, any Takeover Proposal
(other than a confidentiality agreement referred to in Section 4.03(a)), or
resolve or agree to take any such actions. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 4.03 to the contrary, at any time prior to obtaining the Stockholder
Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company may, in response to a Superior
Proposal that was unsolicited and that did not otherwise result from a breach of
Section 4.03(a), cause the Company to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.01(f) and concurrently enter into a binding Acquisition Agreement
containing the terms of a Superior Proposal; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company
shall not terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(f), and any
purported termination pursuant to Section 7.01(f) shall be void and of no force
or effect, unless the Company shall have complied with all provisions of this
Section 4.03, including the notification provisions in this Section 4.03, and
with all applicable requirements of Sections 5.08(b) (including the payment of
the Termination Fee (as defined in Section 5.08(b)) prior to or simultaneously
with such termination); and PROVIDED FURTHER, HOWEVER, that the Company shall
not exercise its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.01(f)
until after the fourth business day following Parent's receipt of written notice
(a "Notice of Superior Proposal") from the Company advising Parent that the
Board of Directors of the Company has received a Superior Proposal and that such
Board of Directors will, subject to any action taken by Parent pursuant to this
sentence, cause the Company to accept such Superior Proposal, specifying the
terms and conditions of the Superior Proposal and identifying the person making
such Superior Proposal (it being understood and agreed that any amendment to the
price or any other material term of a Superior Proposal shall require a new
Notice of Superior Proposal and a new four business day period).

    The term "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide binding written offer not
solicited by or on behalf of the Company made by a third party that if
consummated would result in such third party (or in the case of a direct merger
between such third party and the Company, the stockholders of such third party)
acquiring, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting power of the
Company Common Stock or all or substantially all the assets of the Company and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, for consideration consisting of cash and/or
securities that the Board of Directors of the Company determines in its good
faith judgment (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) to have a higher value than the consideration to be
received by the Company's stockholders in connection with the Merger, taking
into account, among other things, any changes to the terms of this Agreement
offered by Parent in response to such Superior Proposal or otherwise.

    (c)  In addition to the obligations of the Company set forth in paragraphs
(a) and (b) of this Section 4.03, the Company promptly shall advise Parent in
writing of any request for information that the Company reasonably believes
could lead to or contemplates a Takeover Proposal or of any Takeover Proposal,
or any inquiry the Company reasonably believes could lead to any Takeover
Proposal, the terms and conditions of such request, Takeover Proposal or inquiry
(including any subsequent material amendment or modification to such terms and
conditions) and the identity of the person making any such request, Takeover
Proposal or inquiry. The Company shall keep Parent informed in all material
respects on a timely basis of the status and details (including material
amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request, Takeover Proposal or
inquiry.

                                      A-33

    (d)  Nothing contained in this Section 4.03 or elsewhere in this Agreement
shall prohibit the Company from (i) taking and disclosing to its stockholders a
position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) and Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the
Exchange Act or (ii) making any disclosure to the Company's stockholders if, in
the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, after
consultation with outside counsel, failure so to disclose would be inconsistent
with applicable law; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall the Company or
its Board of Directors or any committee thereof take, agree or resolve to take
any action prohibited by Section 4.03(b)(i) or 4.03(b)(ii).

                                   ARTICLE V

                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

    SECTION 5.01.  PREPARATION OF THE FORM S-4 AND THE PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS; STOCKHOLDERS MEETING.  (a) As promptly as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Company and Parent shall prepare and
the Company shall file with the SEC the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Parent
shall prepare and file with the SEC the Form S-4, in which the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus shall be included as a prospectus. Each of the Company and
Parent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to have the Form S-4
declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after
such filing. Each of the Company and Parent shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any comments of the
SEC with respect thereto and to cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be
mailed to the Company's stockholders as promptly as practicable after the
Form S-4 is declared effective under the Securities Act. Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to take any action required to be taken under
any applicable state securities laws in connection with the issuance of Parent
Common Stock in connection with the Merger and under the Company Stock Plans.
Each of the Company and Parent shall furnish all information concerning it to
the other as may be reasonably requested in connection with any such action and
the preparation, filing and distribution of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Each
of the Company and Parent shall promptly notify the other upon the receipt of
any comments from the SEC or its staff or any request from the SEC or its staff
for amendments or supplements to the Form S-4 or the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
and shall promptly provide the other with copies of all correspondence between
it and its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC and its staff, on the
other hand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing the Form S-4 (or any
amendment or supplement thereto) or filing or mailing the Proxy Statement/
Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any
comments of the SEC with respect thereto, each of the Company and Parent, as the
case may be, (i) shall provide the other party with a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on such document or response, (ii) shall include in such
document or response all comments reasonably proposed by such other party and
(iii) shall not file or mail such document or respond to the SEC prior to
receiving such other party's approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.

    (b)  The Company shall, as promptly as practicable following the date of
this Agreement, establish a record date (which will be as promptly as reasonably
practicable following the date of this Agreement) for, duly call, give notice
of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "Stockholders Meeting")
for the purpose of obtaining the Stockholder Approval, regardless of whether the
Board of Directors of the Company determines at any time that this Agreement or
the Merger is no longer advisable or recommends that the stockholders of the
Company reject this Agreement or the Merger. The Company shall cause the
Stockholders Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable following the date of
this Agreement. The Company shall, through its Board of Directors, recommend to
its stockholders that they adopt this Agreement, and shall include such
recommendation in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, in each case subject to its
rights under Section 4.03(b)(i). Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company agrees that its obligations pursuant to this
Section 5.01(b) shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal,
public disclosure or communication to the Company or any other person of any
Takeover Proposal.

                                      A-34

    SECTION 5.02.  LETTERS OF THE COMPANY'S ACCOUNTANTS.  The Company shall use
all commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to Parent two
"comfort" letters in customary form from Ernst & Young LLP, the Company's
independent public accountants, one dated a date within two business days before
the date on which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one dated a date
within two business days before the Closing Date, each addressed to Parent.

    SECTION 5.03.  LETTERS OF PARENT'S ACCOUNTANTS.  Parent shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to the Company two
"comfort" letters in customary form from BDO Seidman, LLP, Parent's independent
public accountants, one dated a date within two business days before the date on
which the Form S-4 shall become effective and one dated a date within two
business days before the Closing Date, each addressed to the Company.

    SECTION 5.04.  ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY.  (a) The Company
shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, afford to Parent and to
Parent's officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and
other advisors and representatives reasonable and prompt access during normal
business hours during the period prior to the Effective Time or the termination
of this Agreement to all their respective properties, assets, books, contracts,
commitments, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, accountants, auditors,
other advisors and representatives and records and, during such period, the
Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, make available to
Parent on a prompt basis (i) a copy of each report, schedule, form, statement
and other document filed or received by it during such period pursuant to the
requirements of domestic or foreign (whether national, federal, state,
provincial, local or otherwise) laws and (ii) all other information concerning
its business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request
(including the work papers of Ernst & Young LLP). Except as required by law,
Parent will hold, and will direct its officers, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants and other advisors and representatives to hold any and
all information received from the Company, directly or indirectly, in confidence
in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement among Parent and the Company
dated as of November 9, 2000 (the "Confidentiality Agreement").

    (b)  Parent shall afford to the Company and to the Company's officers and
employees access to its officers, banks and records during normal business hours
during the period prior to the Effective Time or the termination of this
Agreement at a level consistent with such access provided for due diligence
purposes prior to the date of this Agreement.

    SECTION 5.05.  COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS; NOTIFICATION.  (a) Upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the
parties agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to
be taken, all actions, that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and
make effective the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including using all commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the
following: (i) the taking of all reasonable acts necessary to cause the
conditions precedent set forth in Article VI to be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining
of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and
authorizations from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary
registrations, declarations and filings and the taking of all reasonable steps
as may be necessary to obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action
or proceeding by, any Governmental Entity and (iii) the obtaining of all
necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties. In connection with
and without limiting the foregoing, the Company and its Board of Directors
shall, if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or
becomes applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated hereby, use all commercially reasonable efforts to
ensure that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on
this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, in no event shall any party hereto be required to agree or proffer to
divest or hold separate,

                                      A-35

or take any other action with respect to, any of the material assets (whether
tangible or intangible) or businesses of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or the Company and subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and the Company shall
not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, take any such action with
respect to any such assets or businesses without the express written consent of
Parent. The Company and Parent shall provide such assistance, information and
cooperation to each other as is reasonably requested in connection with the
foregoing and, in connection therewith, shall notify the other person promptly
following the receipt of any comments from any Governmental Entity and of any
request by any Governmental Entity for amendments, supplements or additional
information in respect of any registration, declaration or filing with such
Governmental Entity and shall supply the other person with copies of all
correspondence between such person or any of its representatives, on the one
hand, and any Governmental Entity, on the other hand.

    (b)  The Company, without limiting Section 3.02(m), agrees to provide, and
will cause its subsidiaries and its and their respective officers, employees and
advisors to provide, all cooperation reasonably necessary in connection with
(i) the arrangement of any financing to be consummated contemporaneous with or
at or after the Closing in respect of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and (ii) the matters set forth in Section 5.05(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule. In addition, in conjunction with the obtaining of any such
financing or otherwise, the Company agrees, at the request of Parent, to call
for prepayment or redemption, or to prepay, repurchase, redeem and/or seek to
renegotiate, as the case may be, any then existing indebtedness for borrowed
money of the Company; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (x) no such prepayment, repurchase
or redemption shall be required to be effective prior to the Effective Time and
(y) Parent and its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries)
shall provide to the Company on a timely basis all the consideration used in
connection with such prepayment, repurchase or redemption.

    SECTION 5.06.  COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS.  (a) As soon as practicable following
the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of the Company (or, if
appropriate, any committee administering the Company Stock Plans) and the Board
of Directors of Parent shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions
(if any) as may be required to effect the following:

           (i) each Company Stock Option in respect of a share of Company Common
       Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time which has an
       exercise price per share of Company Common Stock that is equal to or less
       than the Closing Consideration Value (as defined below) shall be amended
       and converted into (A) an option to acquire, on the same terms and
       conditions as were applicable under such Company Stock Option, a number
       of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio, at an
       exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock (rounded to the nearest
       whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the product of
       (x) 1.0 minus the Fraction (as defined below) and (y) the per share
       exercise price for such share of Company Common Stock subject to such
       Company Stock Option, by (2) the Exchange Ratio (each, as so adjusted, an
       "Adjusted In-the-Money Option"; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that all Adjusted
       In-the-Money Options that result from the conversion (on a share-by-share
       basis as described above) of a single Company Stock Option to acquire two
       or more shares of Company Common Stock held by a single holder shall be
       aggregated and treated as a single Adjusted In-the-Money Option to
       purchase the aggregate number of shares (including any fractional shares)
       of Parent Common Stock subject to all such Adjusted In-the-Money Options
       (with such result rounded to the nearest whole share)), and (B) the right
       to receive from Parent a cash payment net of all applicable withholding
       taxes as soon as practicable following the Effective Time in an amount
       equal to the excess, if any, of the Cash Portion over the product of
       (1) the Fraction and (2) the per share exercise price for such share of
       Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option; "Closing
       Consideration Value" means the sum of (I) the Cash Portion and (II) the
       product of the Exchange Ratio and the Average Closing Price, and
       "Fraction" means a fraction, the

                                      A-36

       numerator of which is the Cash Portion and the denominator of which is
       the Closing Consideration Value;

           (ii) each Company Stock Option in respect of a share of Company
       Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time which
       has an exercise price per share of Company Common Stock that is greater
       than the Closing Consideration Value shall be amended and converted into
       an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable
       under such Company Stock Option, a number of shares of Parent Common
       Stock equal to the Underwater Option Exchange Ratio (as defined below),
       at an exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock (rounded to the
       nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the
       per share exercise price for such share of Company Common Stock subject
       to such Company Stock Option, by (B) the Underwater Option Exchange Ratio
       (each, as so adjusted, an "Adjusted Underwater Option" and, together with
       the Adjusted In the-Money Options, the "Adjusted Options"; PROVIDED,
       HOWEVER, that all Adjusted Underwater Options that result from the
       conversion (on a share-by-share basis as described above) of a single
       Company Stock Option to acquire two or more shares of Company Common
       Stock held by a single holder shall be aggregated and treated as a single
       Adjusted Underwater Option to purchase the aggregate number of shares
       (including fractional shares) of Parent Common Stock subject to all such
       Adjusted Underwater Options (with such result rounded to the nearest
       whole share)); "Underwater Option Exchange Ratio" means the quotient
       obtained by dividing the Closing Consideration Value by the Average
       Closing Price; and

          (iii) make such other changes to the Company Stock Plans as Parent and
       the Company may agree are appropriate to give effect to the Merger.

    (b)  The adjustments provided herein with respect to any Company Stock
Options that are "incentive stock options" as defined in Section 422 of the Code
shall be and are intended to be effected in a manner which is consistent with
Section 424(a) of the Code.

    (c)  At the Effective Time, Parent shall assume the Company Stock Plans,
with the result that all obligations of the Company under the Company Stock
Plans, including with respect to Company Stock Options outstanding at the
Effective Time, shall be obligations of Parent following the Effective Time.

    (d)  At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall prepare and file with
the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 (or another appropriate form)
registering a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the number of
shares subject to the Adjusted Options. Such registration statement shall be
kept effective (and the current status of the prospectus or prospectuses
required thereby shall be maintained) as long as any Adjusted Options may remain
outstanding.

    (e)  Except as otherwise specifically provided by this Section 5.06 and
except to the extent required under the respective terms as in effect on the
date of this Agreement of the Company Stock Options, all restrictions or
limitations on transfer with respect to Company Stock Options awarded under the
Company Stock Plans or any other plan, program or arrangement of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, to the extent that such restrictions or limitations
shall not have already lapsed, and all other terms thereof, shall remain in full
force and effect with respect to such options after giving effect to the Merger
and the assumption by Parent as set forth above. Notwithstanding the foregoing
or anything to the contrary in the terms of any Company Stock Option awarded
under the Company Stock Plans or any other plan, program or arrangement of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, each Adjusted Option, after giving effect to
the Merger and the assumption by Parent as set forth above, shall be fully
vested and immediately exercisable.

    (f)  In addition to any method of exercise permitted under the applicable
Company Stock Option, a holder of an Adjusted Option may exercise such Adjusted
Option in whole or in part in accordance with its terms by delivering a properly
executed notice of exercise to Parent, together with the

                                      A-37

consideration therefor and the federal withholding tax information, if any,
required in accordance with the related Company Stock Plan.

    SECTION 5.07.  INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE.  (a) Parent and
Sub agree that all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and
exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors,
officers, employees and agents of the Company and its subsidiaries as provided
in their respective certificates of incorporation or by-laws (or similar
organizational documents) shall be assumed and performed by the Surviving
Corporation, without further action, at the Effective Time and shall survive the
Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their
terms. Parent and Sub agree that any existing indemnification agreements between
the Company and any current or former director, officer, employee or agent of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be assumed and performed by the
Surviving Corporation, without any further action, at the Effective Time and
shall survive the Merger and continue in full force and effect in accordance
with their terms.

    (b)  In the event that Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and
is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation
or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all its properties
and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, Parent shall cause proper
provision to be made so that the successor and assign of Parent or the Surviving
Corporation assumes the obligations set forth in this Section 5.07, and in such
event all references to the Surviving Corporation in this Section 5.07 shall be
deemed a reference to such successor and assign.

    (c)  For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall maintain in effect
the Company's current directors' and officers' liability insurance covering each
person currently covered by the Company's directors' and officers' liability
insurance policy for acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time on
terms with respect to such coverage and amounts no less favorable in any
material respect to such directors and officers than those of such policy as in
effect on the date of this Agreement; PROVIDED that Parent may substitute
therefor policies of a reputable insurance company the material terms of which,
including coverage and amount, are no less favorable in any material respect to
such directors and officers than the insurance coverage otherwise required under
this Section 5.07(c); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event shall Parent be
required to pay aggregate premiums for insurance under this Section 5.07(c) in
excess of 225% of the amount of the aggregate premiums paid by the Company for
fiscal year 2001 for such purpose (which fiscal year 2001 premiums are hereby
represented and warranted by the Company to be $151,750); PROVIDED that Parent
shall nevertheless be obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained for
such 225% amount.

    (d)  The provisions of this Section 5.07 shall survive consummation of the
Merger and are intended to be for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by,
each indemnified party, his or her heirs and his or her representatives. Parent
shall cause the Surviving Corporation to comply with its obligations set forth
in this Section 5.07.

                                      A-38

    SECTION 5.08.  FEES AND EXPENSES.  (a) All fees and expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses,
whether or not the Merger is consummated, except that expenses incurred in
connection with filing, printing and mailing the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and
the Form S-4 shall be shared equally by Parent and the Company.

    (b)  In the event that (i) (A) a Takeover Proposal has been made to the
Company or its stockholders or any person has announced an intention (whether or
not conditional and whether or not withdrawn) to make a Takeover Proposal,
(B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated by either Parent or the Company
pursuant to Section 7.01(b)(i) (but only if the Stockholders Meeting has not
been held by the date that is five business days prior to the date of such
termination) or 7.01(b)(iii) and (C) within 12 months after such termination,
the Company or any of its subsidiaries enters into any Acquisition Agreement
with respect to, or consummates, any Takeover Proposal (solely for purposes of
this Section 5.08(b)(i)(C), the term "Takeover Proposal" shall have the meaning
set forth in the definition of Takeover Proposal contained in Section 4.03(a)
except that all references in such definition to 20% shall be deemed references
to 35%), (ii) this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to
Section 7.01(f) or (iii) this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to
Section 7.01(c), then the Company shall pay Parent a fee equal to $10,000,000
(the "Termination Fee") by wire transfer of same day funds to an account
designated by Parent (x) in the case of a termination by the Company pursuant to
Section 7.01(f), prior to or simultaneously with such termination, (y) in the
case of a termination by Parent pursuant to Section 7.01(c), within two business
days after such termination and (z) in the case of a payment as a result of any
event referred to in Section 5.08(b)(i)(C), upon the first to occur of such
events. The Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this
Section 5.08(b) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent would not enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails promptly to pay the amounts due
pursuant to this Section 5.08(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent
commences a suit that results in a judgment against the Company for the amounts
set forth in this Section 5.08(b), the Company shall pay to Parent interest on
the amounts set forth in this Section 5.06 at a rate per annum equal to
three-month LIBOR (as reported in THE WALL STREET JOURNAL (Northeast edition)
or, if not reported therein, in another authoritative source selected by Parent)
on the date such payment was required to be made (or if no quotation for
three-month LIBOR is available for such date, on the next preceding date for
which such a quotation is available) plus 1.5%.

    SECTION 5.09.  INFORMATION SUPPLIED.  (a) The Company agrees that none of
the information included or incorporated by reference in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will (except to the extent revised or superseded by
amendments or supplements contemplated hereby), at the date the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus is filed with the SEC or mailed to the Company's
stockholders or at the time of the Stockholders Meeting, or at the time of any
amendment or supplement thereof, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading, except that no covenant is made by the Company
with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference therein based on
information supplied by Parent or Sub specifically for inclusion or
incorporation by reference therein. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply
as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

    (b)  Parent and Sub agree that none of the information included or
incorporated by reference in the Form S-4 will (except to the extent revised or
superseded by amendments or supplements contemplated hereby), at the time the
Form S-4 is filed with the SEC, at any time it is amended or supplemented or at
the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not
misleading, except that no covenant is made by

                                      A-39

Parent or Sub with respect to statements made or incorporated by reference
therein based on information supplied by the Company specifically for inclusion
or incorporation by reference therein. The Form S-4 will comply as to form in
all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.

    SECTION 5.10.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT MATTERS.  (a) As of the Closing Date, the
Surviving Corporation shall assume and perform in accordance with its terms,
including any reserved right to amend or terminate, each Company Benefit Plan
(including any indemnification agreements existing on the date hereof);
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that for a period (the "Initial Period") commencing on the
Closing Date and ending 12 months after the Closing Date, Parent shall, or shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, maintain for the benefit of the employees of
the Company and its subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time (the
"Affected Employees") the Company Benefit Plans as in effect immediately prior
to the Effective Time (other than such changes as are required by applicable law
and other than the Company Stock Plans or other equity or equity based plans and
programs) or provide the Affected Employees with employee benefits (other than
equity or equity-based plans and programs) that are no less favorable, in the
aggregate, than the employee benefits provided to the Affected Employees by the
Company immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Company Stock
Plans or other equity or equity-based plans and programs). For a period of at
least 24 months following the Initial Period, Parent shall, or shall cause the
Surviving Corporation to, provide the Affected Employees with employee benefits
(other than equity or equity-based plans and programs) that are substantially
similar in the aggregate to the benefits provided to similarly situated
employees of Parent (other than equity or equity-based plans and programs).

    (b)  Parent will, or will cause the Surviving Corporation to: (i) waive all
limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with
respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Affected
Employees under any welfare plan that the Affected Employees may be eligible to
participate in after the Effective Time to the extent waived or satisfied under
the applicable corresponding Company Benefit Plan immediately prior to the
Effective Time; (ii) provide each Affected Employee with credit for purposes of
satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under any
welfare plans that such Affected Employee is eligible to participate in after
the Effective Time for any co-payments and deductibles paid under a
corresponding Company Benefit Plan for the year in which the Effective Time
occurs; and (iii) provide each Affected Employee with credit for all purposes
for all service with the Company and its affiliates under each employee benefit
plan, program, or arrangement of the Parent or its affiliates in which such
Affected Employee is eligible to participate to the extent such service was
credited for similar purposes under similar Company Benefit Plans; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that in no event shall the Affected Employees be entitled to any credit
(A) under any defined benefit pension plan of Parent or its subsidiaries (other
than the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries) or (B) to the extent that
it would result in a duplication of benefits with respect to the same period of
service.

    (c)  The Company shall cause the ESPP (and any then outstanding offering
period thereunder) to terminate at the Effective Time in accordance with the
terms of the ESPP as in effect on the date of this Agreement and shall promptly
refund to each participant the entire amount credited to the Stock Purchase
Account (as defined in the ESPP) as of the Effective Time.

    SECTION 5.11.  PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS.  Unless otherwise required by
applicable law, Parent and Sub, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other
hand, shall, to the extent reasonably practicable, consult with each other
before issuing, and give each other a reasonable opportunity to review and
comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. The
parties agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form heretofore
agreed to by the parties.

                                      A-40

    SECTION 5.12.  AFFILIATES.  Prior to the date of the Stockholders Meeting,
the Company shall deliver to Parent a letter identifying all persons who are, at
the time this Agreement is submitted for adoption by the stockholders of the
Company, "affiliates" of the Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act. The Company shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to
cause each such person to deliver to Parent on or prior to the Closing Date a
written agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto.

    SECTION 5.13.  STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS.  To the extent Parent does not issue
treasury shares in connection with the Merger or under the Company Stock Plans
which are already listed, Parent shall use all commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
Merger and which are issuable pursuant to Adjusted Options to be approved for
listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the
Closing Date.

    SECTION 5.14.  TAX TREATMENT.  The parties intend the Merger to qualify as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. Neither Parent nor the Company
shall take any action which would prevent, or would be reasonably likely to
prevent, the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code, and each of Parent and the Company shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to so qualify and to obtain
the opinions of counsel referred to in Sections 6.02(g) and 6.03(c) and to cause
similar opinions to be provided at the date of the filing of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus.

    SECTION 5.15.  RIGHTS AGREEMENT.  The Board of Directors of the Company
shall take all further action (in addition to that referred to in
Section 3.01(u)) necessary or desirable (including redeeming the Rights
immediately prior to the Effective Time or amending the Rights Agreement if
reasonably requested by Parent) in order to render the Rights inapplicable to
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If any
"Distribution Date" or "Shares Acquisition Date" occurs under the Rights
Agreement at any time during the period from the date of this Agreement to the
Effective Time, the Company and Parent shall make such adjustment to the Merger
Consideration as the Company and Parent shall mutually agree so as to preserve
the economic benefits that the Company and Parent each reasonably expected on
the date of this Agreement to receive as a result of the consummation of the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. Except as provided in
this Section 5.15, the Company shall not (i) amend, modify or waive any
provision of the Rights Agreement or (ii) take any action to redeem the Rights
or render the Rights inapplicable to any transaction.

    SECTION 5.16.  TRANSFER TAXES.  All stock transfer, real estate transfer,
documentary, stamp, recording and other similar taxes (including interest,
penalties and additions to any such taxes) incurred in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Company
out of its own funds.

    SECTION 5.17.  PARENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  The Board of Directors of Parent
shall take such action as may be necessary to appoint Peter Boneparth to the
Board of Directors of Parent as of the Effective Time.

                                      A-41

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

    SECTION 6.01.  CONDITIONS TO EACH PARTY'S OBLIGATION TO EFFECT THE
MERGER.  The obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction, or to the waiver by such party, on or prior to the Closing Date of
the following conditions:

        (a)  STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.  The Stockholder Approval shall have been
    obtained.

        (b)  NYSE LISTING.  The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to the
    Company's stockholders in connection with the Merger and pursuant to the
    Adjusted Options shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE, subject
    to official notice of issuance.

        (c)  ANTITRUST.  Any waiting period (and any extension thereof)
    applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act or any other applicable
    competition, merger control, antitrust or similar law or regulation shall
    have been terminated or shall have expired.

        (d)  NO INJUNCTIONS OR LEGAL RESTRAINTS.  No temporary restraining
    order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order or decree issued
    by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or
    prohibition (collectively, "Legal Restraints") that has the effect of
    preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect.

        (e)  FORM S-4.  The Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
    Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings
    seeking a stop order.

    SECTION 6.02.  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB.  The obligation
of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction
or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

        (a)  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties
    of the Company contained herein that are qualified as to materiality or
    material adverse effect shall be true and correct, and the representations
    and warranties of the Company contained herein that are not so qualified
    shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the
    date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as
    though made as of the Closing Date, except that the accuracy of
    representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified
    date will be determined as of such date. Parent shall have received a
    certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer
    or chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.

        (b)  PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY.  The Company shall have
    performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed
    by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall
    have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief
    executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Company to such
    effect.

        (c)  LETTERS FROM COMPANY AFFILIATES.  Parent shall have received from
    each person named in the letter referred to in Section 5.12 an executed copy
    of an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

        (d)  NO LITIGATION.  (i) There shall not be pending any suit, action or
    proceeding brought by any Governmental Entity seeking (A) to restrain or
    prohibit the consummation of the Merger, (B) to prohibit or limit in any
    material respect the ownership or operation by the Company, Parent or any of
    their respective affiliates of a material portion of the business or assets
    of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Parent and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to require any such person to dispose of
    or hold separate any material portion of the business or assets of the
    Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Parent and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as a result of the Merger, (C) to prohibit
    Parent or any of its affiliates from effectively controlling in

                                      A-42

    any material respect a material portion of the business or operations of the
    Company or its subsidiaries, or (D) to impose material limitations on the
    ability of Parent or any of its affiliates to acquire or hold, or exercise
    full rights of ownership of, any shares of Company Common Stock, including
    the right to vote the Company Common Stock on all matters properly presented
    to the stockholders of the Company.

        (ii) Subject to Section 6.02(d)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
    there shall not be pending any suit, action or proceeding brought by any
    third party (other than a Governmental Entity) against the Company or any of
    its subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to succeed except for
    suits, actions or proceedings that individually or in the aggregate could
    not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

        (e)  LEGAL RESTRAINT.  No Legal Restraint that has the effect of
    granting or implementing any relief referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) or
    (iv) of paragraph (d) of this Section 6.02 shall be in effect.

        (f)  CONSENTS.  Parent shall have received evidence, in form and
    substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that Parent or the Company shall
    have obtained all consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and
    orders of Governmental Entities required in connection with this Agreement
    and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including consents to
    assignments of material contracts and material Intellectual Property) except
    for those the failure of which to be obtained individually or in the
    aggregate could not reasonably be expected to (A) restrain or prohibit the
    consummation of the Merger or (B) prohibit or limit in any material respect
    the ownership or operation or effective control by Parent of a material
    portion of the business, operations or assets of the Company and its
    subsidiaries, taken as a whole as in existence on the date of this Agreement
    (other than with respect to assets disposed of in the ordinary course of
    business consistent with past practice after the date of this Agreement).

        (g)  TAX OPINION.  Parent shall have received from Cravath, Swaine &
    Moore, special counsel to Parent, on the date on which the Form S-4 is filed
    with the SEC and on the Closing Date, an opinion, in form and substance
    reasonably satisfactory to Parent, in each case dated as of such date and to
    the effect that (i) the Merger will be treated for United States federal
    income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
    Section 368(a) of the Code and (ii) Parent, Sub and the Company will each be
    a party to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the
    Code. In rendering such opinions, such counsel shall be entitled to rely
    upon customary representations reasonably requested by such counsel and made
    by Parent, Sub and the Company.

    SECTION 6.03.  CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY.  The obligation of
the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to the satisfaction or
waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

        (a)  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  The representations and warranties
    of Parent and Sub contained herein that are qualified as to materiality or
    material adverse effect shall be true and correct, and the representations
    and warranties of the Company contained herein that are not so qualified
    shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the
    date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as
    though made as of the Closing Date, except that the accuracy of
    representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified
    date will be determined as of such date. The Company shall have received a
    certificate signed on behalf of Parent by the chief executive officer or
    chief financial officer of Parent to such effect.

        (b)  PERFORMANCE OF OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB.  Parent and Sub shall
    have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
    performed by them under this Agreement at or

                                      A-43

    prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate
    signed on behalf of Parent by the chief executive officer or chief financial
    officer of Parent to such effect.

        (c)  TAX OPINION.  The Company shall have received from Torys, counsel
    to the Company, on the date on which the Form S-4 is filed with the SEC and
    on the Closing Date, an opinion, in form and substance reasonably
    satisfactory to the Company, in each case dated as of such date and to the
    effect that (i) the Merger will be treated for United States federal income
    tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
    Code and (ii) Parent, Sub and the Company will each be a party to that
    reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. In
    rendering such opinions, such counsel shall be entitled to rely upon
    customary representations reasonably requested by such counsel and made by
    Parent, Sub and the Company.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

    SECTION 7.01.  TERMINATION.  This Agreement may be terminated, and the
Merger contemplated hereby may be abandoned, at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after the Stockholder Approval has been obtained and
whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the stockholder of Sub:

    (a)  by mutual written consent of Parent, Sub and the Company;

    (b)  by either Parent or the Company:

           (i) if the Merger shall not have been consummated by November 30,
       2001;

           (ii) if any Legal Restraint set forth in Section 6.01(d) shall be in
       effect and shall have become final and nonappealable; or

          (iii) if the Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained at the
       Stockholders Meeting duly convened therefor;

    (c)  by Parent in the event (i) an Adverse Recommendation Change has
occurred in accordance with Section 4.03(b)(i) or (ii) the Board of Directors of
the Company or any committee thereof shall have failed to confirm its
recommendation and declaration of advisability of this Agreement and the Merger
within 15 business days after a written request by Parent that it do so if such
request is made following the making of a Takeover Proposal;

    (d)  by Parent (i) if the Company shall have breached any of its
representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which
breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
Section 6.02(a) or 6.02(b), and has not been or is incapable of being cured by
the Company within ten business days after its receipt of written notice thereof
from Parent; or (ii) if any Legal Restraint having the effect of granting or
implementing any relief referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv) of
Section 6.02(d) shall be in effect and shall have become final and
nonappealable;

    (e)  by the Company if Parent shall have breached any of its
representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement, which
breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
Section 6.03(a) or 6.03(b), and has not been or is incapable of being cured by
Parent within ten business days after its receipt of written notice thereof from
the Company; or

    (f)  by the Company in accordance with, and subject to the terms and
conditions of, Section 4.03(b).

    SECTION 7.02.  EFFECT OF TERMINATION.  In the event of termination of this
Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided in Section 7.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability
or obligation on the part of Parent, Sub or the Company, other

                                      A-44

than the provisions of Section 3.01(s), Section 3.02(i), the last sentence of
Section 5.04(a), Section 5.08, this Section 7.02 and Article VIII; PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that no such termination shall relieve any party hereto from any
liability or damages resulting from a material and intentional breach by a party
of any of its representations, warranties or covenants set forth in this
Agreement.

    SECTION 7.03.  AMENDMENT.  This Agreement may be amended by the parties
hereto at any time, whether before or after the Stockholder Approval has been
obtained and whether before or after adoption of this Agreement by the
stockholder of Sub; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that after such approval or adoption has
been obtained, there shall be made no amendment that by law requires further
approval or adoption by stockholders without such further approval or adoption.
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties hereto.

    SECTION 7.04.  EXTENSION; WAIVER.  At any time prior to the Effective Time,
the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that after the Stockholder Approval has
been obtained or after adoption of this Agreement by the stockholder of Sub,
there shall be made no waiver that by law requires further approval or adoption
by stockholders without such further approval or adoption. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth
in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure or delay
by any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement
or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights nor shall any single
or partial exercise by any party to this Agreement of any of its rights under
this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of such rights or any
other rights under this Agreement.

                                      A-45

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

    SECTION 8.01.  NONSURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  None of the
representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any certificate or
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, including any rights arising
out of any breach of such representations or warranties, shall survive the
Effective Time. This Section 8.01 shall not limit this Article VIII or any
covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms applies, or is to be
performed in whole or in part, after the Effective Time.

    SECTION 8.02.  NOTICES.  All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
delivered personally or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery)
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party
as shall be specified by like notice):

    if to Parent or Sub, to:

          Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
          1411 Broadway
          New York, NY 10018
          Attention: Ira M. Dansky, Esq.

          and

          Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
          250 Rittenhouse Circle
          Keystone Park
          Bristol, PA 19007
          Attention: Wesley R. Card

          with copies to:

          Cravath, Swaine & Moore
          Worldwide Plaza
          825 Eighth Avenue
          New York, NY 10019
          Attention: Allen Finkelson, Esq.
                    Scott A. Barshay, Esq.

    if to the Company, to:

          McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.
          463 Seventh Avenue
          New York, NY 10018
          Attention: Peter Boneparth

          with a copy to:

          Torys
          237 Park Avenue
          New York, NY 10012
          Attention: Bradley P. Cost, Esq.

                                      A-46

    SECTION 8.03.  DEFINITIONS.  For purposes of this Agreement:

    (a)  an "affiliate" of any person means another person that directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with, such first person;

    (b)  "material adverse effect" means, when used in connection with the
Company or Parent, as the case may be, any state of facts, change, development,
effect, condition or occurrence that could reasonably be expected to be material
and adverse to the business, assets, properties, condition (financial or
otherwise) or results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or to prevent or materially impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than, in
any case, any state of facts, change, development, event, effect, condition or
occurrence (i) resulting from changes in the United States economy or the United
States securities markets in general or (ii) resulting from changes in the
industries in which the Company or Parent, as the case may be, operates and not
specifically relating to the Company or Parent, as the case may be;

    (c)  "person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture,
association, trust, limited liability company, Governmental Entity,
unincorporated organization or other entity; and

    (d)  a "subsidiary" of any person means another person, an amount of the
voting securities or other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of
which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of Directors or
other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests, more than 50%
of the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first
person.

    SECTION 8.04.  INTERPRETATION.  When a reference is made in this Agreement
to a Section, Subsection, Exhibits or Schedule, such reference shall be to a
Section or Subsection of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The  and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include",
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be
followed by the words "without limitation". The words "hereof", "herein" and
"hereunder" and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer
to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement. The words "date hereof" shall refer to the date of this Agreement.
The term "or" is not exclusive. The word "extent" in the phrase "to the extent"
shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase
shall not mean simply "if". The definitions contained in this Agreement are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms. Any
agreement or instrument defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or
instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement or instrument as from
time to time amended, modified or supplemented. References to a person are also
to its permitted successors and assigns.

    SECTION 8.05.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts (including telecopy), all of which shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties.

    SECTION 8.06.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT; NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES.  This
Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement (a) constitute the entire agreement,
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral,
among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and the
Confidentiality Agreement and (b) except for the provisions of Sections 5.06,
5.07 and 5.17 of this Agreement, are not intended to confer upon any person
other than the parties hereto and thereto (and their respective successors and
assigns) any rights or remedies.

    SECTION 8.07.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of
the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of
laws thereof.

                                      A-47

    SECTION 8.08.  ASSIGNMENT.  Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,
interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned, in whole or in part
(except by operation of law), by any of the parties hereto without the prior
written consent of the other parties hereto, except that Sub may assign, in its
sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests and obligations under this
Agreement to Parent or to any direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, but no
such assignment shall relieve Sub of any of its obligations hereunder. Subject
to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns.

    SECTION 8.09.  CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.  Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
(a) any Delaware State court and (b) any Federal court of the United States of
America sitting in the State of Delaware, for the purposes of any suit, action
or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated hereby (and each agrees that no such action, suit or proceeding
relating to this Agreement shall be brought by it or any of its affiliates
except in such courts). Each of the parties hereto further agrees that, to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, service of any process, summons,
notice or document by U.S. registered mail to such person's respective address
set forth above shall be effective service of process for any action, suit or
proceeding in Delaware with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to
jurisdiction as set forth above in the immediately preceding sentence. Each of
the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives (and agrees not to
plead or claim) any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit or
proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby
in (a) any Delaware State court or (b) any Federal court of the United State of
America sitting in the State of Delaware, or that any such action, suit or
proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

    SECTION 8.10.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  Each party hereto hereby waives, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial
by jury in respect of any suit, action or other proceeding directly or
indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement. Each
party hereto (a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any
other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party would not,
in the event of any action, suit or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing
waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been
induced to enter into this Agreement, by, among other things, the mutual waiver
and certifications in this Section 8.10.

    SECTION 8.11.  ENFORCEMENT.  The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It
is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically
the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any Delaware State court or any
Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the State of Delaware,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or
in equity.

                                      A-48

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have caused this Agreement
to be signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, all as of
the date first written above.

                                                       JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.,

                                                       By:  /s/ WESLEY R. CARD
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Wesley R. Card
                                                            Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                                       MCN ACQUISITION CORP.,

                                                       By:  /s/ WESLEY R. CARD
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Wesley R. Card
                                                            Title: President

                                                       MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.,

                                                       By:  /s/ PETER BONEPARTH
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                            Name: Peter Boneparth
                                                            Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                      A-49

                                                                       EXHIBIT A
                                                         TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

                            FORM OF AFFILIATE LETTER

Dear Sirs:

    The undersigned, a holder of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share ("Company Common Stock"), of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), acknowledges that the undersigned may be deemed an
"affiliate" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145 ("Rule 145")
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), although nothing
contained herein should be construed as an admission of such fact. Pursuant to
the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13, 2001 (the
"Merger Agreement"), among Jones Apparel Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation
("Parent"), MCN Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and the Company, the Company will be merged
with and into Sub (the "Merger"), and in connection with the Merger, the
undersigned is entitled to receive Parent Common Stock (as defined in the Merger
Agreement).

    If in fact the undersigned were an affiliate under the Securities Act, the
undersigned's ability to sell, assign or transfer the Parent Common Stock
received by the undersigned in exchange for any shares of Company Common Stock
in connection with the Merger may be restricted unless such transaction is
registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is
available. The undersigned understands that such exemptions are limited and the
undersigned has obtained or will obtain advice of counsel as to the nature and
conditions of such exemptions, including information with respect to the
applicability to the sale of such securities of Rules 144 and 145(d) promulgated
under the Securities Act. The undersigned understands that Parent will not be
required to maintain the effectiveness of any registration statement under the
Securities Act for the purposes of resale of Parent Common Stock by the
undersigned.

    The undersigned hereby represents to and covenants with Parent that the
undersigned will not sell, assign or transfer any of the Parent Common Stock
received by the undersigned in exchange for shares of Company Common Stock in
connection with the Merger except (i) pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act, (ii) in conformity with the volume and other
limitations of Rule 145 or (iii) in a transaction which, in the opinion of the
general counsel of Parent or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent or
as described in a "no-action" or interpretive letter from the Staff of the SEC
specifically issued with respect to a transaction to be engaged in by the
undersigned, is not required to be registered under the Securities Act.

    In the event of a sale or other disposition by the undersigned of Parent
Common Stock pursuant to Rule 145, the undersigned will supply Parent with
evidence of compliance with such Rule, in the form of a letter in the form of
Annex I hereto (or other reasonably satisfactory documentation evidencing
compliance with Rule 145) and the opinion of counsel or no-action letter
referred to above. The undersigned understands that Parent may instruct its
transfer agent to withhold the transfer of any Parent Common Stock disposed of
by the undersigned, but that (provided such transfer is not prohibited by any
other provision of this letter agreement) upon receipt of such evidence of
compliance, Parent shall cause the transfer agent to effectuate the transfer of
the Parent Common Stock sold as indicated in such letter.

    The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the legends set forth below
will be placed on certificates representing Parent Common Stock received by the
undersigned in connection with the Merger or held by a transferee thereof, which
legends will be removed by delivery of substitute certificates upon receipt of
an opinion in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent from

                                      A-50

counsel reasonably satisfactory to Parent to the effect that such legends are no
longer required for purposes of the Securities Act.

    There will be placed on the certificates for Parent Common Stock issued to
the undersigned, or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance:

        "The shares represented by this certificate were issued pursuant to
    transaction to which Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
    applies. The shares have not been acquired by the holder with a view to, or
    for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof within the meaning
    of the Securities Act of 1933. The shares may not be sold, pledged or
    otherwise transferred except in accordance with an exemption from the
    registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933."

    The undersigned acknowledges that (i) the undersigned has carefully read
this letter and understands the requirements hereof and the limitations imposed
upon the distribution, sale, transfer or other disposition of Parent Common
Stock and (ii) the receipt by Parent of this letter is an inducement to Parent's
obligations to consummate the Merger.

                                          Very truly yours,

Dated:

                                      A-51

                                                                         ANNEX I
                                                                    TO EXHIBIT A

[Name]                                                                    [Date]

    On             , the undersigned sold the securities of Jones Apparel
Group, Inc. ("Parent") described below in the space provided for that purpose
(the "Securities"). The Securities were received by the undersigned in
connection with the merger of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. with and into MCN
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation.

    Based upon the most recent report or statement filed by Parent with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Securities sold by the undersigned were
within the prescribed limitations set forth in paragraph (e) of Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").

    The undersigned hereby represents that the Securities were sold in "brokers'
transactions" within the meaning of Section 4(4) of the Securities Act or in
transactions directly with a "market maker" as that term is defined in
Section 3(a)(38) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The
undersigned further represents that the undersigned has not solicited or
arranged for the solicitation of orders to buy the Securities, and that the
undersigned has not made any payment in connection with the offer or sale of the
Securities to any person other than to the broker who executed the order in
respect of such sale.

                                          Very truly yours,

           [Space to be provided for description of the Securities.]

                                      A-52

                                                                         ANNEX B

                                                  INVESTMENT BANKING
[MERRILL LYNCH LOGO]
                                                  CORPORATE AND INSTITUTIONAL
                                                  CLIENT GROUP

                                                  WORLD FINANCIAL CENTER
                                                  NORTH TOWER
                                                  NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10281-1330
                                                  212 449 1000

                                 April 13, 2001

CONFIDENTIAL

Board of Directors
McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.
463 Seventh Avenue
New York, NY 10018

Members of the Board of Directors:

    McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. (the "Company"), Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
("JNY") and MCN Acquisition Corp., a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary of JNY
("Sub"), propose to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement")
pursuant to which the Company will be merged with and into the Sub in a
transaction (the "Merger") whereby each issued and outstanding share of Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock"),
will be directly converted into the right to receive the following: (a) cash in
an amount equal to $10.50 (the "Cash Portion") and (b) 0.2820 (the "Exchange
Ratio") of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock, par value of
$0.01 per share of JNY (the "JNY Common Stock") (the "Stock Portion", and
together with the Cash Portion, the "Merger Consideration"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER,
that if the average closing share price of JNY Common Stock on the New York
Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days ending with the second
trading day on the New York Stock Exchange prior to the Closing Date ("Average
Closing Price") is (i) less than $29.78, then the Exchange Ratio means the
quotient obtained by dividing $8.40 by the Average Closing Price or
(ii) greater than $44.68, then the Exchange Ratio means the quotient obtained by
dividing $12.60 by the Average Closing Price.

    You have asked us whether, in our opinion, the Merger Consideration to be
received by the holders of the Company Common Stock other than JNY and its
affiliates pursuant to the Merger is fair from a financial point of view to such
shareholders.

    In arriving at the opinion set forth below, we have, among other things:

    (1) Reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
       relating to the Company and JNY that we deemed to be relevant;

    (2) Reviewed certain information, including financial forecasts, relating to
       the business, earnings, cash flows, assets, liabilities and prospects of
       the Company and JNY furnished to us by the Company and JNY as well as the
       amount and timing of the cost savings and related expenses and synergies
       expected to result from the Merger (the "Expected Synergies"), furnished
       to us by the Company;

                                      B-1

    (3) Conducted discussions with members of senior management and
       representatives of the Company and JNY concerning the matters described
       in clauses (1) and (2) above, as well as their respective businesses and
       prospects before and after giving effect to the Merger and Expected
       Synergies;

    (4) Reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for the Company
       Common Stock and JNY Common Stock and compared them with those of certain
       publicly traded companies that we deemed to be relevant;

    (5) Reviewed the results of operations of the Company and JNY and compared
       them with those of certain publicly traded companies that we deemed to be
       relevant;

    (6) Compared the proposed financial terms of the Merger with the financial
       terms of certain other transactions that we deemed to be relevant;

    (7) Participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
       representatives of the Company and JNY and their respective financial and
       legal advisors;

    (8) Reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the Merger;

    (9) Reviewed the Agreement; and

    (10) Reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
       account such other matters as we deemed necessary, including our
       assessment of general economic, market and monetary conditions.

    In preparing our opinion, we have assumed and relied on the accuracy and
completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to us,
discussed with or reviewed by or for us, or publicly available, and we have not
assumed any responsibility for independently verifying such information or
undertaken an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or
liabilities of the Company or JNY or been furnished with any such evaluation or
appraisal. In addition, we have not assumed any obligation to conduct, nor have
we conducted, any physical inspection of the properties or facilities of the
Company or JNY. With respect to the financial forecast information and the
Expected Synergies furnished to or discussed with us by the Company and JNY, we
have assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company and
JNY as to the expected future financial performance of the Company, JNY, the
combined entity and the Expected Synergies. We have further assumed that the
Merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

    Our opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and other conditions
as they exist and can be evaluated on, and on the information made available to
us as of, the date hereof. We have assumed that in the course of obtaining the
necessary regulatory or other consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise)
for the Merger, no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or
amendments or modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse
effect on the contemplated benefits of the Merger.

    In connection with the preparation of this opinion, we have not been
authorized by the Company or its Board of Directors to solicit, nor have we
solicited, third party indications of interest for the acquisition of all or
part of the Company.

    We are acting as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the
Merger and will receive a fee from the Company for our services, all of which is
contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. In addition, the Company has
agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities arising out of our engagement. We
have, in the past, provided financial advisory and financing services to JNY
and/or its affiliates and may continue to do so and have received, and may
receive, fees for the rendering of such services. In addition, in the ordinary
course of our business, we may actively trade the Company

                                      B-2

Common Stock and JNY Common Stock and other securities of the Company, as well
as other securities of JNY for our own account and for the accounts of customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such
securities.

    This opinion is for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of the
Company in its evaluation of the Merger. Our opinion does not address the merits
of the underlying decision by the Company to engage in the Merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to how such shareholder should
vote on the proposed Merger or any matter related thereto. We are not expressing
any opinion herein as to the prices at which the Company Common Stock or JNY
Common Stock will trade following the announcement or consummation of the
Merger.

    On the basis of, and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that,
as of the date hereof, the Merger Consideration to be received by the holders of
the Company Common Stock other than JNY and its affiliates pursuant to the
Merger is fair from a financial point of view to such shareholders.

                                    Very truly yours,
                                    /s/ Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
                                    Incorporated
                                    MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH
                                               INCORPORATED

                                      B-3

                                                                         ANNEX C

                                 DELAWARE CODE
                             TITLE 8. CORPORATIONS
                       CHAPTER 1. GENERAL CORPORATION LAW
               SUBCHAPTER IX. MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR CONVERSION

SECTION 262.  APPRAISAL RIGHTS

    (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock
on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section
with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with
subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the merger
or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to Section 228 of
this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and the
words "depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions thereof,
solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

    (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to Section 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to
Section 251(g) of this title), Section 252, Section 254, Section 257,
Section 258, Section 263 or Section 264 of this title:

        (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section shall
    be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or
    depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
    determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the
    meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
    consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
    designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
    system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
    of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no appraisal
    rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent
    corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its
    approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as
    provided in subsection (f) of Section 251 of this title.

        (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
    under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
    of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by
    the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to
    Section 251, 252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for
    such stock anything except:

           a.  Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
       such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

           b.  Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
       in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
       respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the
       merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities
       exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
       interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
       Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

                                      C-1

           c.  Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
       receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this
       paragraph; or

           d.  Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
       cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts
       described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

        (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
    party to a merger effected under Section 253 of this title is not owned by
    the parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights
    shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

    (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision,
the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections
(d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

    (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

        (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are
    provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting of
    stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
    shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for
    such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available
    pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available
    for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall
    include in such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to
    demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares shall deliver to the
    corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a
    written demand for appraisal of such stockholder's shares. Such demand will
    be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of
    the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
    appraisal of such stockholder's shares. A proxy or vote against the merger
    or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing
    to take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein
    provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of such merger or
    consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
    stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this
    subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
    consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become
    effective; or

        (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to Section 228
    or Section 253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either before
    the effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten days
    thereafter, shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock
    of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the
    approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are
    available for any or all shares of such class or series of stock of such
    constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this
    section; provided that, if the notice is given on or after the effective
    date of the merger or consolidation, such notice shall be given by the
    surviving or resulting corporation to all such holders of any class or
    series of stock of a constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal
    rights. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the
    merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the
    effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to
    appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such
    notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting corporation the
    appraisal of such holder's shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it
    reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and
    that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
    holder's shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the effective
    date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such

                                      C-2

    constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date
    of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any class or
    series of stock of such constituent corporation that are entitled to
    appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or consolidation or
    (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send such a second notice
    to all such holders on or within 10 days after such effective date;
    provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more than 20 days
    following the sending of the first notice, such second notice need only be
    sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has
    demanded appraisal of such holder's shares in accordance with this
    subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
    transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either notice
    that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima
    facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the
    stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each constituent corporation
    may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior
    to the date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or
    after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the record date
    shall be such effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is
    given prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the close of
    business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

    (e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination
of the value of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw such
stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to
receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted
in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for
appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares.
Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after
such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the
period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

    (f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy
thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which shall
within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery
in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the names and
addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and
with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by
the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed by the
surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a
duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall
give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by
registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting corporation and to
the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice
shall also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week before the day of
the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of
Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms
of the notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the Court, and
the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

    (g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled to
appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an
appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the

                                      C-3

pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply
with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such
stockholder.

    (h) After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon
the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the
Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining the fair rate
of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors, including the rate of
interest which the surviving or resulting corporation would have had to pay to
borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding. Upon application by the
surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate
in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, permit discovery
or other pretrial proceedings and may proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior
to the final determination of the stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any
stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting
corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted
such stockholder's certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally
determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this
section.

    (i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to the
stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the Court
may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of
holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares
represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

    (j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

    (k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either
within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as
provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court
of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the
Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems
just.

        (1) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the
    shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they
    assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized
    and unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                      C-4

                                    PART II

                   INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS

ITEM 20.  INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    As permitted by the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988 (the
"Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law"), Section 8.1 of the By-laws of Jones
Apparel Group, Inc. provides that a director shall not be personally liable for
monetary damages for any action taken or failed to be taken, other than as
expressly provided in the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law. Furthermore,
such By-laws provide that Jones Apparel Group, Inc. shall indemnify each officer
and director to the full extent permitted by the Pennsylvania Business
Corporation Law, and shall pay and advance expenses for any matters covered by
such indemnification.

    Section 1741 of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law provides that a
corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of the corporation), by reason of the
fact that he or she is or was a representative of the corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a representative of another
domestic or foreign corporation for profit or not-for-profit, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by him or her in connection with the action or proceeding if he or she
acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or
not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any
criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was
unlawful. The termination of any action or proceeding by judgment, order,
settlement or conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
shall not of itself create a presumption that the person did not act in good
faith and in a manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not
opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any
criminal proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was
unlawful.

    Section 1742 of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law provides that a
corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party,
or is threatened to be made a party, to any threatened, pending or completed
action by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor
by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a representative of the
corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a
representative of another domestic or foreign corporation for profit or
not-for-profit, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against
expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or
her in connection with the defense or settlement of the action if he or she
acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or
not opposed to, the best interest of the corporation. Indemnification shall not
be made under Section 1742 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which
the person has been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to
the extent that the court of common pleas of the judicial district embracing the
county in which the registered office of the corporation is located or the court
in which the action was brought determines upon application, that, despite the
adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the
person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for the expenses that the
court of common pleas or other court deems proper.

    Section 1743 of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law provides that to
the extent that a representative of a corporation has been successful on the
merits or otherwise in defense of any action or proceeding referred to in
Sections 1741 or 1742 or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or
she shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually
and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith.

                                      II-1

    Jones Apparel Group, Inc. has in effect insurance policies for general
officers' and directors' liability insurance and for fiduciary liability
insurance covering all of Jones' directors and officers. In addition, Jones
Apparel Group, Inc. has entered into executive employment agreements with Sidney
Kimmel, Jackwyn Nemerov, Irwin Samelman and Wesley R. Card pursuant to which
Jones Apparel Group, Inc. has agreed to indemnify such officers and directors to
the maximum extent permitted by applicable law against any liability incurred by
such officers and directors in their capacities as such.

ITEM 21.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

    (a) See Exhibit Index.

    (b) Not applicable.

    (c) Opinion of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (included
       as Annex B to the proxy statement/prospectus which is a part of this
       registration statement).

ITEM 22.  UNDERTAKINGS.

    (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

        (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made,
    a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

           (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the
       Securities Act of 1933;

           (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after
       the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
       post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the
       aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in
       the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase
       or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of
       securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any
       deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering
       range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the
       aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20%
       change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the
       "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration
       statement; and

          (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of
       distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or
       any material change to such information in the registration statement.

        (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the
    Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
    to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered
    therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to
    be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

        (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment
    any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
    termination of the offering.

    (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of
determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the
registrant's annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an
employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the
registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

                                      II-2

    (c) (1) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes as follows: that prior
    to any public reoffering of the securities registered hereunder through use
    of a prospectus which is a part of this registration statement, by any
    person or party who is deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of
    Rule 145(c), the issuer undertakes that such reoffering prospectus will
    contain the information called for by the applicable registration form with
    respect to reofferings by persons who may be deemed underwriters, in
    addition to the information called for by the other items of the applicable
    form.

        (2) The registrant undertakes that every prospectus (i) that is filed
    pursuant to paragraph (c)(1) immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to
    meet the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 and
    is used in connection with an offering of securities subject to Rule 415,
    will be filed as a part of an amendment to the registration statement and
    will not be used until such amendment is effective, and that, for purposes
    of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such
    post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
    relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
    securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
    thereof.

    (d) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a
claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by
the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or
controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action,
suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person
in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless
in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether
such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such
issue.

    (e) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to respond to requests for
information that is incorporated by reference into the prospectus pursuant to
Items 4, 10(b), 11 or 13 of this Form, within one business day of receipt of
such request, and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or
other equally prompt means. This includes information contained in documents
filed subsequent to the effective date of the registration statement through the
date of responding to the request.

    (f) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to supply by means of a
post-effective amendment all information concerning a transaction, and the
company being acquired involved therein, that was not the subject of and
included in the registration statement when it became effective.

                                      II-3

                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, Jones has duly caused
this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on
May 8, 2001.

                                                       JONES APPAREL GROUP, INC.

                                                       By:  /s/ WESLEY R. CARD
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                            Name:  Wesley R. Card
                                                            Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                      II-4

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

    Know All Men By These Presents, that each person whose signature appears
below constitutes and appoints Ira M. Dansky and Wesley R. Card, and each of
them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of
substitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities to sign any and all amendments (including pre-effective and
post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement, and to file the same
with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, including
any Registration Statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities
Act of 1933, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, grants unto said
attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in
person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

              SIGNATURE                                TITLE                      DATE
              ---------                                -----                      ----

/s/ SIDNEY KIMMEL                                                                May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Chairman and Director
Sidney Kimmel                             (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ JACKWYN NEMEROV                                                              May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   President and Director
Jackwyn Nemerov

/s/ WESLEY R. CARD                                                               May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Chief Financial Officer
Wesley R. Card                            (Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ PATRICK M. FARRELL                  Senior Vice President and Corporate      May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------     Controller (Principal Accounting
Patrick M. Farrell                        Officer)

/s/ IRWIN SAMELMAN                                                               May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Executive Vice President,
Irwin Samelman                            Marketing and Director

/s/ GERALDINE STUTZ                                                              May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Director
Geraldine Stutz

/s/ HOWARD GITTIS                                                                May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Director
Howard Gittis

/s/ ERIC A. ROTHFELD                                                             May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Director
Eric A. Rothfeld

/s/ ANTHONY F. SCARPA                                                            May 8, 2001
- -------------------------------------   Director
Anthony F. Scarpa

                                      II-5

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBITS
- --------

          2.1           Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 13, 2001,
                        among Jones Apparel Group, Inc., MCN Acquisition Corp. and
                        McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. (included as Annex A to the
                        proxy statement/prospectus which is a part of this
                        Registration Statement).

          4.1           Provisions of the Amended and Restated Articles of
                        Incorporation that define the rights of security holders of
                        Jones Apparel Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
                        Jones Apparel Group, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                        the year ended December 31, 1998).

          4.2           Provisions of the By-laws and Amendments to By-laws of Jones
                        Apparel Group, Inc. that define the rights of security
                        holders of Jones Apparel Group, Inc. (incorporated by
                        reference to Jones Apparel Group, Inc.'s Registration
                        Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 3, 1991 and Annual
                        Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993,
                        respectively).

          5.1           Opinion of Ira M. Dansky, Esq., General Counsel of Jones
                        Apparel Group, Inc., regarding the legality of the
                        securities being issued.

          5.2           Opinion of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP regarding
                        Pennsylvania law matters.

          8.1*          Opinion of Cravath, Swaine & Moore regarding certain Federal
                        income tax matters.

          8.2*          Opinion of Torys regarding certain Federal income tax
                        matters.

         23.1           Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP.

         23.2           Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

         23.3           Consent of Ira M. Dansky, Esq, General Counsel of Jones
                        Apparel Group, Inc. (included in Exhibit 5.1).

         23.4           Consent of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP (included in
                        Exhibit 5.2).

         23.5*          Consent of Cravath, Swaine & Moore (included in
                        Exhibit 8.1).

         23.6*          Consent of Torys (included in Exhibit 8.2).

         23.7           Consent of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
                        Incorporated.

         24.1           Power of Attorney (included in the signature page of this
                        Registration Statement).

         99.1           Form of Proxy Card of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.

         99.2           Opinion of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
                        Incorporated (included as Annex B to the proxy
                        statement/prospectus which is a part of this Registration
                        Statement).

- ------------------------

* To be filed by amendment.

                                      II-6

EX-5.1

a2048114zex-5_1.txt

EXHIBIT 5.1

                                                                     EXHIBIT 5.1
                                                                     May 8, 2001

Board of Directors of
Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
250 Rittenhouse Circle
Bristol, Pennsylvania 19007

Ladies and Gentlemen:

      I have acted as counsel for Jones Apparel Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation ("Jones"), in connection with the preparation of a Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (such Registration Statement being hereinafter referred to
as the "Registration Statement") which is being filed on the date hereof by
Jones with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Act"). The Registration Statement relates to the proposed
issuance by Jones of up to 4,409,814 shares (the "Shares") of its common stock,
par value $0.01 per share, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
"Merger Agreement") dated as of April 13, 2001 among Jones, MCN Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jones
("Merger Sub"), and McNaughton Apparel Group Inc., a Delaware corporation
("McNaughton"). The Merger Agreement provides for the merger (the "Merger") of
McNaughton with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Jones.

      In that connection, I have examined originals, or copies certified or
otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records
and other instruments as I have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes
of this opinion, including: (a) the Registration Statement and (b) the proxy
statement/prospectus that forms a part of the Registration Statement. In such
examination, I have assumed the genuineness of all signatures and the
authenticity of all documents submitted to me as copies. In examining agreements
executed by parties other than Jones and Merger Sub, I have assumed that such
parties had the power, corporate or other, to enter into and perform all
obligations thereunder and also have assumed the due authorization by all
requisite action, corporate or other, and execution and delivery by such parties
of such documents, and the validity and binding effect thereof. As to any facts
material to the opinion expressed herein which I have not independently verified
or established, I have relied upon statements and representations of officers
and representatives of Jones and others.

      Based on such examination, I am of the opinion that the Shares have been
duly authorized for issuance and, when issued in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Merger Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.

      I am admitted to practice in the State of New York, and I express no
opinion as to any matters governed by any law other than the law of the State of
New York and the Federal law of the United States of America.

      In rendering this opinion, I have relied upon the opinion dated May 8,
2001, of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP, a copy of which appears as Exhibit
5.2 to the Registration Statement, as to all matters of law covered therein
relating to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

      I hereby consent to the inclusion of this opinion as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement and to the reference to me under the heading "Legal
Matters" in the proxy statement/prospectus that forms a part of the Registration
Statement. In giving such consent, I do not hereby admit that I am in the
category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Act.

                                                Very truly yours,

                                                /s/ Ira M. Dansky

                                                Ira M. Dansky
                                                General Counsel
                                                Jones Apparel Group, Inc.

EX-5.2

a2048114zex-5_2.txt

EXHIBIT 5.2

                                                                     EXHIBIT 5.2

             [Letterhead of Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP]

                                                                     May 8, 2001

Ira M. Dansky, Esq.
Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
1411 Broadway
New York, NY 10018

                             Re:  Jones Apparel Group, Inc. Registration
                                  Statement on Form S-4

Dear Mr. Dansky:

         As special Pennsylvania counsel to Jones Apparel Group, Inc., a
Pennsylvania corporation (the "Company" or "Jones"), we have been requested to
render this opinion in connection with the Company's Registration Statement on
Form S-4 (the "Registration Statement"), which is being filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on May 8, 2001, under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act").

         The Registration Statement relates to the proposed issuance by Jones of
up to 4,409,814 shares (the "Shares") of its common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement")
dated as of April 13, 2001 among Jones, MCN Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jones ("Merger Sub"), and
McNaughton Apparel Group Inc., a Delaware corporation ("McNaughton"). The Merger
Agreement provides for the merger (the "Merger") of McNaughton with and into
Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Jones.

         For purposes of this opinion we have examined the Registration
Statement; the Resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company dated April
12, 2001; the proxy statement/prospectus that forms a part of the Registration
Statement; the Subsistence Certificate dated April 30, 2001 issued by the
Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with respect to the Company; and
such other documents as we deem necessary for the purpose of rendering this
opinion. With respect to the foregoing documents, we have assumed the
genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us
as originals and the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as
certified, facsimilied or reproduced copies.

         As special Pennsylvania counsel to the Company, we are not necessarily
familiar with all of the Company's affairs. As a further basis for this opinion,
we have made such inquiry of the Company as we have deemed necessary or
appropriate for the purpose of rendering this opinion.

         Based on the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Company is a
corporation duly organized and validly subsisting under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and that the Shares have been duly authorized for
issuance, and when issued in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Merger Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

         We are attorneys admitted to practice in the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, and we express no opinion as to the laws of any other
jurisdiction, other than the corporate laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
and the United States of America. Our examination of law relevant to the matters
covered by this opinion is limited to Federal law and Pennsylvania law.

         The opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the facts,
circumstances and matters set forth herein and to laws currently in effect. No
opinion may be inferred or is implied beyond matters expressly set forth herein,
and we do not undertake and assume no obligation to update or supplement this
opinion to reflect any facts or circumstances which may hereafter come to our
attention or any change in law which may hereafter occur.

         This opinion is furnished for your benefit only and may not be used or
relied upon by any other person or entity or in connection with any other
transaction without, in each instance, our prior written consent.

         We hereby consent to the reference to this Firm under the heading
"Legal Matters" in the Registration Statement and in the proxy
statement/prospectus that forms part of the Registration Statement and to the
filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

                                Sincerely,

                                /s/ Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP

                                Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP

EX-23.1

a2048114zex-23_1.txt

EXHIBIT 23.1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

                             CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
                          CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
New York, New York

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the proxy
statement/prospectus constituting a part of this Registration Statement on
Form S-4 of our reports dated February 2, 2001, relating to the consolidated
financial statements and schedule of Jones Apparel Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries appearing in Jones' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2000.

We also consent to the reference to us under the caption "Experts" in the proxy
statement/prospectus constituting a part of this Registration Statement on Form
S-4.

                                                      /s/ BDO Seidman, LLP

                                                      BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

New York, New York
May 7, 2001

EX-23.2

a2048114zex-23_2.txt

EXHIBIT 23.2

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption "Experts" in this
Registration Statement (Form S-4) and related Prospectus of Jones Apparel Group,
Inc. for the registration of its common stock and to the incorporation by
reference therein of our report dated January 8, 2001, with respect to the
financial statements of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. included in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 4, 2000, filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                                       /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

New York, New York
May 3, 2001

EX-23.7

a2048114zex-23_7.txt

EXHIBIT 23.7

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.7

          CONSENT OF MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

        [Letterhead of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated]

                                                                     May 3, 2001

Jones Apparel Group, Inc.
250 Rittenhouse Circle
Bristol, Pennsylvania 19007

Members of the Board of Directors:

We hereby consent to the use of our opinion letter dated April 13, 2001 to the
Board of Directors of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. included as Annex B to the
proxy statement/prospectus which forms a part of the Registration Statement on
Form S-4 relating to the proposed merger of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc. with a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Jones Apparel Group, Inc. and to the references to
such opinion in such proxy statement/prospectus under the captions
"SUMMARY--Fairness Opinion of Financial Advisor", "THE MERGER--Background of the
Merger", "THE MERGER--Reasons for the Merger" and "THE MERGER--Opinion of
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated". In giving such consent, we
do not admit and we hereby disclaim that we come within the category of persons
whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder, nor do we thereby admit that we are experts with respect to any part
of such Registration Statement within the meaning of the term "experts" as used
in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.

                           MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED

                           By: /s/ Tracy Aronson Schwartz

EX-99.1

a2048114zex-99_1.txt

EXHIBIT 99.1

[caad 234]e

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                          MCNAUGHTON APPAREL GROUP INC.
                    PROXY FOR SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                          TO BE HELD ON JUNE [o], 2001

         The undersigned stockholder of McNaughton Apparel Group Inc.
("McNaughton"), revoking all prior proxies, hereby appoints Peter Boneparth and
Amanda J. Bokman, or any of them acting singly, proxies, with full power of
substitution, to vote all shares of capital stock of McNaughton which the
undersigned is entitled to vote at the special meeting of stockholders to be
held at [ADDRESS], on [o], June [o], 2001, beginning at 9:00 a.m., local time,
and at any adjournments or postponements thereof, upon the matters set forth in
the Notice of Special Meeting dated May [o], 2001, and the related proxy
statement/prospectus, copies of which have been received by the undersigned.

         THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE MCNAUGHTON BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
A STOCKHOLDER WISHING TO VOTE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS NEED ONLY SIGN AND DATE THIS PROXY AND RETURN IT IN THE
ENCLOSED ENVELOPE.

                           (Continued on reverse side)

            (Please fill in the appropriate boxes on the other side)

1.    To adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13, 2001,
      among Jones Apparel Group, Inc., MCN Acquisition Corp., a direct wholly
      owned subsidiary of Jones Apparel Group, Inc., and McNaughton Apparel
      Group Inc., subject to applicable laws, as the same may be amended from
      time to time.

              [ ] FOR          [ ] AGAINST                [ ] ABSTAIN

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED OR, IF NO
DIRECTION IS GIVEN WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPOSAL SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL BE VOTED
FOR SUCH PROPOSAL. IN ADDITION, UNLESS (I) OTHERWISE INDICATED ON THIS PROXY OR
(II) THE OTHER MATTER RELATES TO THE ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS PROXY ARE TO BE VOTED AGAINST THE PROPOSAL TO ADOPT
THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE PERSONS NAMED AS PROXIES ABOVE WILL VOTE IN THEIR
DISCRETION ON ANY OTHER MATTER THAT MAY COME BEFORE THE SPECIAL MEETING.

DATED                       , 2001
      ---------------------

Signature of Stockholder(s)
- ----------------------------------

- ----------------------------------

         Please promptly complete, date and sign this proxy and mail it in the
enclosed envelope to assure representation of your shares. No postage is needed
if mailed in the United States. PLEASE SIGN EXACTLY AS NAME(S) APPEAR ON THE
STOCK CERTIFICATE.

         If the stockholder is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by
president or other authorized officer and, if a partnership, please sign full
partnership name by an authorized partner or other persons.

                 Mark here if you plan to attend the meeting [ ]

PLEASE MARK, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED
ENVELOPE.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----