URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1084827/000089843001000748/0000898430-01-000748.txt

P:			95054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4083307000

S-4/A

0001.txt

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE FORM S-4

 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2001

                                                 Registration No. 333-54746
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                               ----------------

                              AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                    TO
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     Under
                           The Securities Act of 1933

                               ----------------
                               NetIQ Corporation
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

        Delaware                     7372                    77-0405505
     (State or other           (Primary Standard          (I.R.S. Employer
     jurisdiction of              Industrial            Identification Number)
    incorporation or          Classification Code
      organization)                 Number)

                               NetIQ Corporation
                            3553 North First Street
                           San Jose, California 95134
                                 (408) 856-3000
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   Registrant's principal executive offices)

                               ----------------

                                 Ching-Fa Hwang
                     President and Chief Executive Officer
                               NetIQ Corporation
                            3553 North First Street
                           San Jose, California 95134
                                 (408) 856-3000
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                               ----------------

                                   Copies to:
         William M. Kelly, Esq.                   Roy W. Tucker, Esq.
         Davis Polk & Wardwell                      Perkins Coie LLP
          1600 El Camino Real                    1211 S.W. Fifth Avenue
          Menlo Park, CA 94025                         Suite 1500
             (650) 752-2000                        Portland, OR 97204
                                                     (503) 727-2000

                               ----------------

   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: Upon
consummation of the merger described herein.
   If the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]
   If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]
   If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                               ----------------

   The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  [NETIQ LOGO]

To The Holders of Common Stock of WebTrends Corporation and NetIQ Corporation:

   After careful consideration, the boards of directors of WebTrends and NetIQ
have unanimously approved the merger of WebTrends with a subsidiary of NetIQ,
whereby WebTrends will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ.

   In the merger, each share of WebTrends common stock will be converted into
0.48 shares of NetIQ common stock. NetIQ stockholders will continue to own
their existing stock after the merger. NetIQ common stock is traded on the
Nasdaq National Market under the trading symbol "NTIQ," and on February 20,
2001, the closing price of NetIQ common stock was $64.25 per share. NetIQ will
issue approximately 12.7 million shares in the merger, representing
approximately 24% of the outstanding shares of NetIQ common stock after the
merger, on the basis of outstanding shares on January 16, 2001.

   Following the merger, Elijahu Shapira, currently Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of WebTrends, will join the NetIQ board.

   The attached joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed information
concerning WebTrends, NetIQ, the merger, and the proposals related to the
merger. Please give all of the information contained in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus your careful attention. In particular, you should
carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled "Risk Factors"
beginning on page 12.

   This document incorporates important business and financial information
about NetIQ and WebTrends from documents filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission that have not been included in or delivered with this document. This
information is available at the Internet web site the SEC maintains at
www.sec.gov, as well as from other sources. See "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 75.

   You also may request copies of these documents without charge upon written
or oral request to NetIQ, 3553 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134, (408)
856-3000 and to WebTrends, 851 S.W. Sixth Avenue, Portland, OR 97204, (503)
294-7025. In order to receive timely delivery of the documents, you must make
your requests no later than March 15, 2001.

   After careful consideration, the boards of directors of both WebTrends and
NetIQ have determined the merger to be fair to you and in your best interests.
We have approved the merger agreement and unanimously recommend its adoption to
you.

   Stockholders of NetIQ and WebTrends are cordially invited to attend their
respective special meetings to vote on the merger:

  . The special meeting of WebTrends shareholders will be held on March 26,
    2001, at 10:00 a.m. local time at the Hilton Hotel, 921 S.W. Sixth
    Avenue, Portland, Oregon 97204. Only shareholders who hold shares of
    WebTrends at the close of business on February 1, 2001, will be entitled
    to vote at this special meeting.

  . The special meeting of NetIQ stockholders will be held on March 26, 2001,
    at 10:00 a.m. local time at NetIQ's headquarters at 3553 North First
    Street, San Jose, California 95134. Only stockholders who hold shares of
    NetIQ at the close of business on February 1, 2001, will be entitled to
    vote at this special meeting.

   Please use this opportunity to take part in the affairs of WebTrends and
NetIQ by voting on the merger. Whether or not you plan to attend the WebTrends
or NetIQ special meeting, please complete, sign, date and return the
accompanying proxy in the enclosed self-addressed stamped envelope. Returning
the proxy does NOT deprive you of your right to attend the meeting and to vote
your shares in person. YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT.

   We appreciate your consideration of this matter.

/s/ Elijahu Shapira        /s/ Ching-Fa Hwang
   Elijahu Shapira,           Ching-Fa Hwang
   Chief Executive Officer    President and Chief Executive Officer
   WebTrends Corporation      NetIQ Corporation

    Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
 commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon
 the adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any
 representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated February 23, 2001, and was first
                                 mailed to

          holders of common stock on or about February 26, 2001.

                             WEBTRENDS CORPORATION
                             851 S.W. Sixth Avenue
                             Portland, Oregon 97204
                                 (503) 294-7025

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

                  TO BE HELD MARCH 26, 2001 AT 10:00 A.M.

To the Shareholders of WebTrends Corporation:

   A special meeting of shareholders of WebTrends Corporation will be held on
March 26, 2001, at 10:00 a.m. at the Hilton Hotel, 921 S.W. Sixth Avenue,
Portland, Oregon 97204 for the following purposes:

     1. To consider and vote on the proposed merger of North Acquisition
  Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ Corporation, with and into
  WebTrends, as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
  January 16, 2001, among NetIQ Corporation, North Acquisition Corporation
  and WebTrends. In the merger, NetIQ will issue 0.48 shares of its common
  stock in exchange for each outstanding share of WebTrends common stock.

     2. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
  special meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.

   The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposed
merger in more detail. You are encouraged to read the entire document
carefully. In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion entitled
"Risk Factors."

   Shareholders who held shares of WebTrends at the close of business on
February 1, 2001, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, this meeting.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors
                                           of
                                          WebTrends Corporation

                                          /s/ Bradley J. Thies

                                          Bradley J. Thies
                                          Secretary

Portland, Oregon

February 26, 2001

 To assure that your shares are represented at the meeting, please complete,
 date and sign the enclosed proxy and mail it promptly in the postage-paid
 envelope provided, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. If your
 shares are held in the name of a bank or broker, you may be able to vote by
 telephone or over the Internet. Directions are included on the enclosed
 proxy card. You can revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted.

                               NETIQ CORPORATION
                            3553 North First Street
                           San Jose, California 95134
                                 (408) 856-3000

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                 TO BE HELD MARCH 26, 2001, at 10:00 A.M.

To the Stockholders of NetIQ Corporation:

   A special meeting of stockholders of NetIQ Corporation will be held at
NetIQ's headquarters at 3553 North First Street, San Jose, California 95134 on
March 26, 2001, at 10:00 a.m., local time, for the following purposes:

     1. To approve the issuance of shares of NetIQ common stock in the merger
  of North Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ, with
  and into WebTrends Corporation, as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan
  of Merger dated as of January 16, 2001, among NetIQ, North Acquisition
  Corporation and WebTrends. NetIQ will issue 0.48 shares of its common stock
  in exchange for each share of outstanding WebTrends common stock.

     2. To approve an amendment to NetIQ's certificate of incorporation to
  increase the authorized number of shares of common stock from 100,000,000
  to 250,000,000.

     3. To transact any other business that properly comes before the special
  meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.

   The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposed
merger and other proposals in more detail. We encourage you to read the entire
document carefully. In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion
entitled "Risk Factors."

   Stockholders who held shares of NetIQ at the close of business on February
1, 2001, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, this meeting.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors
                                           of
                                          NetIQ Corporation

                                          /s/ James A. Barth

                                          James A. Barth
                                          Secretary

San Jose, California

February 26, 2001

 To assure that your shares are represented at the meeting, please complete,
 date and sign the enclosed proxy and mail it promptly in the postage-paid
 envelope provided, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. You may
 also vote by telephone or over the Internet. Directions are included on the
 enclosed proxy card. You can revoke your proxy at any time before it is
 voted.

                               page 28)

A: The merger will result in the acquisition of the business of WebTrends by
   NetIQ. Upon consummation of the merger, WebTrends will become a wholly-
   owned subsidiary of NetIQ. After the merger, the current stockholders of
   NetIQ will own approximately 76% of the combined company and the former
   shareholders of WebTrends will own approximately 24% of the combined
   company, based on the number of shares outstanding on January 16, 2001.

Q: What will WebTrends common shareholders and optionholders receive in the
   merger? (See page 52)

A: When the merger is completed, holders of WebTrends common stock will
   receive 0.48 shares of NetIQ common stock in exchange for each share of
   WebTrends common stock. WebTrends common shareholders who would receive
   NetIQ fractional shares will instead receive cash in an amount based on the
   average closing price, as reported on Nasdaq, of NetIQ common stock for the
   five trading days immediately preceding the effective date of the merger
   multiplied by the fraction of a NetIQ share such shareholder would
   otherwise receive.

   Options to purchase shares of WebTrends common stock will be converted into
   options to purchase shares of NetIQ common stock. The number of shares
   covered by, and the exercise price for, each option will be adjusted using
   the merger exchange ratio of 0.48 shares of NetIQ for each share of
   WebTrends.

Q: Does the board of directors of WebTrends recommend voting in favor of the
   merger? (See page 32)

A: Yes. After careful consideration, WebTrends' board of directors unanimously
   recommends that its shareholders vote in favor of the merger agreement and
   the proposed merger.

Q: Does the board of directors of NetIQ recommend voting in favor of the
   issuance of NetIQ shares in the WebTrends merger? (See page 38)

A: Yes. After careful consideration, NetIQ's board of directors unanimously
   recommends that its stockholders vote in favor of the issuance of shares of
   NetIQ common stock to the shareholders of WebTrends in the merger.

Q: Are there risks I should consider in deciding whether to vote for the
   merger? (See page 12)

A: Yes. In evaluating the merger, you should carefully read this joint proxy
   statement/prospectus and, in particular, consider the factors discussed in
   the section entitled "Risk Factors."

Q: What do I need to do now?

A: Mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope as soon as
   possible so that your shares may be represented at your meeting. You may be
   able to vote by telephone or over the Internet. Directions are included on
   the enclosed proxy card. If you do not include instructions on how to vote
   your properly signed proxy, your shares will be voted "FOR" approval of the
   merger.

   WebTrends shareholders, please do not send your WebTrends stock certificates
   at this time.

Q: If my shares are held in "street name" by my broker, will my broker vote my
   shares for me?

A: Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how
   to vote by following the information provided to you by your broker.

Q: What do I do if I want to change my vote after I have sent in my proxy card?
   (See pages 23 and 26)

A: If you want to change your vote, send the secretary of WebTrends or NetIQ,
   as relevant, a later-dated, signed proxy card before your meeting or attend
   the meeting in person. You may also revoke your proxy by sending written
   notice to the relevant secretary before the meeting. If you have signed a
   stockholder voting agreement, you may not revoke your proxy.

Q: As a WebTrends shareholder, should I send in my WebTrends stock certificates
   now?

A: No. After the merger is completed, you will be sent written instructions for
   exchanging your WebTrends stock certificates for NetIQ stock certificates.

Q: Do NetIQ stock certificates need to be exchanged after the merger?

A: No. NetIQ certificates will remain valid.

Q: When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A: WebTrends and NetIQ are working toward completing the merger as quickly as
   possible. We hope to complete the merger shortly after the special meetings.

Q: Will I recognize an income tax gain or loss on the merger? (See page 48)

A: For both WebTrends shareholders and NetIQ stockholders, we expect that if
   the merger is completed, you will not recognize gain or loss for United
   States federal income tax purposes in connection with the merger, except
   that WebTrends shareholders will recognize gain or loss with respect to cash
   received instead of fractional shares. However, all stockholders are urged
   to consult their own tax advisors to determine their particular tax
   consequences.

Q: Am I entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal? (See page 51)

A: No.

Q: Whom should I call with questions?

A: WebTrends shareholders should call Nanci Werts, Investor Relations, at (503)
   294-7025 with any questions about the merger.

   NetIQ stockholders should call Susan Torrey, Investor Relations, at (713)
   548-1863 with any questions about the merger.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              PROPOSAL NO. 2 FOR NETIQ STOCKHOLDERS: AMENDMENT TO
                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Q: What is the Amendment? (See page 73)

A: The proposed amendment would increase the number of authorized shares of
   NetIQ common stock from 100,000,000 to 250,000,000.

Q: Is approval of the amendment required to complete the merger?

A: No.

Q: Why is the NetIQ Board recommending the amendment? (See page 73)

A: The NetIQ board is recommending the amendment to give NetIQ the ability to
   carry out future transactions the board determines are in the best interest
   of NetIQ and its stockholders, including stock splits or stock dividends,
   acquisitions, funding employee benefit plans, financings or other corporate
   purposes. The NetIQ board does not presently have any specific plans for any
   of these transactions.

                SUMMARY OF THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus pertains to the merger of WebTrends
and NetIQ, and it is being sent to the holders of common stock of both
companies. This summary may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should read carefully the documents attached to and those
referenced in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the merger
agreement, attached as Annex A, the voting agreement, attached as Annex B, the
opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, attached as Annex C, the
opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels, a division of Dain Rauscher Incorporated,
attached as Annex D, and the Certificate of Amendment to the NetIQ Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, attached as Annex E.

                           Forward-Looking Statements

   Except for historical information, this joint proxy statement/prospectus
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including,
among other things, statements regarding post-merger business strategies,
anticipated costs and expenses, product and service development and
relationships with strategic partners. These forward-looking statements
include, among others, those statements including the words "expects,"
"anticipates," "intends," "believes" and similar language. Actual results may
differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed in the section "Risk Factors."

                           PROPOSAL NO. 1: THE MERGER
                                 The Companies

   WebTrends Corporation
   851 S.W. Sixth Avenue
   Portland, OR 97204
   (503) 294-7025
   www.webtrends.com

   WebTrends provides visitor relationship management and eBusiness
intelligence solutions for Internet and intranet servers and firewalls.
WebTrends was incorporated in Delaware in 1993 and reincorporated in Oregon in
1997.

   NetIQ Corporation
   3553 North First Street
   San Jose, CA 95134
   (408) 856-3000
   www.netiq.com

   NetIQ Corporation provides eBusiness infrastructure management software that
enables businesses to optimize the performance and availability of their
Windows NT- and Windows 2000-based applications, directories, servers and
networks. NetIQ was incorporated in California in June 1995 and reincorporated
in Delaware in July 1999.

                             Summary of the Merger

The Merger (See page 28)

   In the merger, WebTrends will merge with a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ
called North Acquisition Corporation. As a result of the merger, WebTrends
common shareholders will receive 0.48 shares of NetIQ common stock in exchange
for each of their WebTrends shares.

   The merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex A. You are encouraged to read it carefully.

Conditions to completion of the merger (See page 55)

   WebTrends' and NetIQ's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions.

   If either WebTrends or NetIQ waives any conditions, we will each consider
the facts and circumstances at that time and make a determination whether a
resolicitation of proxies from each company's holders of common stock is
appropriate.

Vote required for approval

   The holders of a majority of the shares of WebTrends common stock
outstanding must approve the merger agreement and the merger. WebTrends
shareholders holding approximately 30% of the outstanding common stock as of
the record date for the WebTrends special meeting, have agreed to vote their
shares in favor of the merger agreement and the merger.

   The holders of a majority of the shares of NetIQ common stock present or
represented by proxy and voting at the NetIQ special meeting must approve the
issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger. NetIQ stockholders are entitled
to cast one vote per share of NetIQ common stock owned as of the record date.

Termination of the merger agreement (See page 55)

   WebTrends and NetIQ have the right to terminate the merger agreement under
certain circumstances. In certain cases, termination of the merger agreement
will require payment of a termination fee to NetIQ by WebTrends.

Directors and executive officers of NetIQ following the merger (See page 45)

   Following the merger, the board of directors of NetIQ will consist of seven
members, including Elijahu Shapira, the current Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of WebTrends, and the six current members of NetIQ's board of
directors.

   Following the merger, the current officers of NetIQ will continue in their
current positions, including NetIQ's Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. In addition, Elijahu Shapira, the current Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of WebTrends, will be Chief Strategy Officer of NetIQ and W.
Glen Boyd, the current President and Chief Technical Officer of WebTrends, will
be Chief Information Officer of NetIQ.

Opinions of WebTrends' and NetIQ's financial advisors (See pages 32 and 38)

   In deciding to approve the merger, WebTrends' board of directors considered
the opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels as to the fairness of the exchange ratio,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of WebTrends common stock.
NetIQ's board of directors considered an opinion from its financial advisor,
Credit Suisse First Boston, as to the fairness to NetIQ, from a financial point
of view, of the exchange ratio. The opinions of the financial advisors are
attached to the back of this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C and
Annex D, and should be read carefully in their entireties for a description of
the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken. The opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels is directed to the WebTrends
board and the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston is directed to the NetIQ
board. These opinions do not address the prices at which NetIQ's common stock
will trade after the proposed merger, nor do they constitute a recommendation
as to how any stockholder should vote with respect to any matter relating to
the proposed merger.

U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger (See page 48)

   We have structured the merger as a "reorganization" for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Accordingly, holders of WebTrends common shares generally will
not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the
exchange of their WebTrends shares for shares of NetIQ common stock in the
merger, except for any gain or loss recognized in connection with any cash
received for a fractional NetIQ share. The companies themselves, as well as
current holders of NetIQ common stock, will not recognize gain or loss as a
result of the merger. It is a condition to the obligations of WebTrends and
NetIQ to complete the merger that each receive a legal opinion from its outside
counsel that the merger will be a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

   The U.S. federal income tax consequences described above may not apply to
all shareholders of WebTrends, including certain holders specifically referred
to on page 48. Your tax consequences will depend on your own situation. You
should consult your tax advisor to determine the particular tax consequences of
the merger to you.

Accounting treatment of the merger (See page 50)

   The acquisition will be accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. The purchase price will be allocated to assets and liabilities of
WebTrends and these assets and liabilities will be recorded on NetIQ's books at
their fair values upon completion of the merger. A portion of the purchase
price may be identified as in-process research and development. This amount, if
any, will be charged to NetIQ's operations in the quarter the merger is
completed and the acquisition accounting and valuation amounts are finalized.
Furthermore, a portion of the purchase price, equal to the intrinsic value of
the unvested options assumed in the merger will be allocated to deferred stock-
based compensation, which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period
of these options. The remaining purchase price will be reflected as goodwill
and other intangible assets. Currently, accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States require that all intangible assets, including
goodwill, be amortized over the useful lives of such assets. However, if
current Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, proposals become
effective, certain intangible assets, including goodwill, will be maintained on
the balance sheet rather than being amortized, although they may eventually be
written down to the extent that they are deemed to be impaired. The results of
operations and cash flows of WebTrends will be included in NetIQ's financial
statements prospectively as of the consummation of the merger.

Interests of certain persons in the merger (See page 45)

   When considering the recommendation of WebTrends' board of directors,
WebTrends shareholders should be aware that certain WebTrends directors,
officers and shareholders have interests in the merger that are different from,
or are in addition to, yours. These interests include options held by various
executive officers and directors and the potential acceleration of vesting of
those options upon completion of the merger, the post-merger membership of one
current WebTrends director on the board of directors of NetIQ, the effect of
the merger on employment arrangements with executives of WebTrends and the
indemnification of directors and officers of WebTrends against certain
liabilities both before and after the merger.

No dissenters' rights (See page 51)

   Under Oregon law, shareholders of WebTrends are not entitled to dissenters'
rights of appraisal in connection with the merger.

Restrictions on the ability to sell NetIQ stock (See page 47)

   All shares of NetIQ common stock received by WebTrends shareholders in
connection with the merger will be freely transferable under the Securities Act
of 1933 unless the holder is considered an affiliate of either WebTrends or
NetIQ. Shares of NetIQ held by affiliates may only be sold pursuant to a
registration statement or an exemption from the Securities Act.

Comparative market price information (See page 59)

   Shares of NetIQ common stock will be issued to WebTrends shareholders
pursuant to a fixed exchange ratio. Shares of WebTrends common stock and shares
of NetIQ common stock are listed on Nasdaq. On January 16, 2001, the last full
trading day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger, WebTrends'
common stock closed at $32.875 per share. On February 20, 2001, WebTrends'
common stock closed at $30.563 per share. On January 16, 2001, NetIQ's common
stock closed at $75.00 per share. On February 20, 2001, NetIQ's common stock
closed at $64.25 per share. Stockholders of both companies should obtain
current market quotations.

Regulatory approval (See page 50)

   We have already obtained from the applicable U.S. and foreign regulatory
authorities all material regulatory approvals required to permit completion of
the acquisition. The Hart-Scott-Rodino Act prohibits completion of an
acquisition until statutory notification requirements and waiting periods have
been satisfied. The waiting period under the statute applicable to the
acquisition was terminated on February 7, 2001. However, the Department of
Justice and the Federal Trade Commission have the authority to challenge the
acquisition on antitrust grounds before or after we complete the merger. In
addition, the completion of the merger is subject to the continued
effectiveness of the registration statement, of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, and compliance with applicable corporate laws
of Oregon and Delaware.

                   SELECTED HISTORICAL AND SELECTED PRO FORMA
                            COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

            NetIQ's Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data

   The following selected historical consolidated financial data should be read
in conjunction with NetIQ's audited consolidated financial statements and
NetIQ's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations," incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended June 30, 1998, 1999 and 2000, and the consolidated balance sheet
data as of June 30, 1999 and 2000, have been derived from NetIQ's audited
consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended June 30, 1996 and 1997, and the consolidated balance sheet data as
of June 30, 1996, 1997 and 1998, have been derived from NetIQ's audited
consolidated financial statements not included or incorporated by reference
herein. The consolidated statement of operations data for the six months ended
December 31, 1999 and 2000, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2000, are derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements
which are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
In the opinion of NetIQ's management, such unaudited financial statements have
been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial
statements referred to above and include all adjustments, consisting of only
normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the
information when read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto. Results for the six months ended December 31, 2000, are not
necessarily indicative of the expected results for the full year.

                                                                              Six Months
                                                                                Ended
                                     Year Ended June 30,                     December 31,
                          ----------------------------------------------  ------------------
                           1996     1997     1998     1999       2000      1999      2000
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
                                      (in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement
 of Operations Data:
Software license
 revenue................  $    --  $   369  $ 6,603  $18,433  $   37,235  $13,600 $   53,593
Service revenue.........       --       19      467    3,136      10,685    3,108     16,589
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
   Total revenue........       --      388    7,070   21,569      47,920   16,708     70,182
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
Cost of software license
 revenue................       --        9      235      755         800      329        856
Cost of service
 revenue................       --       46      407    1,260       2,217      816      3,318
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
   Total cost of
    revenue.............       --       55      642    2,015       3,017    1,145      4,174
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
Gross profit............       --      333    6,428   19,554      44,903   15,563     66,008
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....       77    1,238    5,748   11,685      24,695    8,975     33,058
 Research and
  development...........      665    1,003    2,192    4,344      10,109    3,588     14,050
 General and
  administration........      264      479    1,611    3,347       4,761    1,507      4,887
 Stock-based
  compensation..........       --       10      250    1,928         696      352        340
 Write-off of acquired
  in-process research
  and development
  costs.................       --       --       --       --      10,693       --         --
 Amortization of
  goodwill and
  intangibles...........       --       --       --       --      64,184       --    238,213
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
   Total operating
    expenses............    1,006    2,730    9,801   21,304     115,138   14,422    290,548
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
Income (loss) from
 operations.............   (1,006)  (2,397)  (3,373)  (1,750)    (70,235)   1,141   (224,540)
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
Interest income, net....       97      116      262      108       7,307    1,265     10,680
Income taxes............       --       --       --       --       2,400      501      7,240
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------  ------- ----------
Net income (loss).......  $  (909) $(2,281) $(3,111) $(1,642) $  (65,328) $ 1,905 $ (221,100)
                          =======  =======  =======  =======  ==========  ======= ==========
Basic net income (loss)
 per share..............  $ (1.55) $ (1.62) $ (1.34) $ (0.47) $    (3.59) $  0.14 $    (5.83)
Shares used to compute
 basic net income (loss)
 per share..............      587    1,411    2,325    3,476      18,189   13,832     37,942
Diluted net income
 (loss) per share.......  $ (1.55) $ (1.62) $ (1.34) $ (0.47) $    (3.59) $  0.11 $    (5.83)
Shares used to compute
 diluted net income
 (loss) per share.......      587    1,411    2,325    3,476      18,189   16,868     37,942

                                           June 30,
                          ----------------------------------------------           Dec. 31,
                           1996     1997     1998     1999       2000                2000
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ----------          ----------
                                        (in thousands)

Consolidated Balance
 Sheet Data:
Cash and cash
 equivalents............  $    32  $ 7,748  $ 3,358  $ 9,634  $  187,610          $   97,844
Short-term investments..       --       --       --       --     145,916             250,570
Working capital.........    1,755    7,493    4,314    4,443     311,709             328,709
Total assets............    2,255    8,202    8,205   18,104   1,721,761           1,538,136
Long-term obligations,
 net of current
 portion................       --       --       --      205          --                  --
Total stockholders'
 equity.................    1,880    7,787    4,939    5,799   1,685,722           1,491,079

           WebTrends' Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data

   The following selected historical consolidated financial data should be read
in conjunction with WebTrends' audited consolidated financial statements and
WebTrends' "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations," incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, have been derived from WebTrends'
audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data
for the years ended December 31, 1996 and 1997, and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 31, 1996, 1997 and 1998, have been derived from
WebTrends' audited consolidated financial statements not included or
incorporated by reference herein. The consolidated statement of operations data
for the six months ended December 31, 1999 and 2000, are derived from unaudited
consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of WebTrends' management,
such unaudited financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the
audited consolidated financial statements referred to above and include all
adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a
fair presentation of the information when read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Results for the six months
ended December 31, 2000, are not necessarily indicative of the expected results
for a full year.

                                                                    Six Months Ended
                                  Year Ended December 31,             December 31,
                          ----------------------------------------- -----------------
                           1996     1997    1998    1999     2000     1999     2000
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
                                    (in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement
 of Operations Data:
Software license
 revenue................  $ 1,858  $ 3,837 $ 7,206 $16,523 $ 49,042 $ 10,554 $ 29,820
Service revenue.........        7      218     802   3,203   12,229    2,159    7,552
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
   Total revenue........    1,865    4,055   8,008  19,726   61,271   12,713   37,372
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
Cost of software license
 revenue................      205      292     468     738    1,882      383    1,192
Cost of service
 revenue................       --       --     165     866    5,289      588    3,338
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
   Total cost of
    revenue.............      205      292     633   1,604    7,171      971    4,530
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
Gross profit............    1,660    3,763   7,375  18,122   54,100   11,742   32,842
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....      552    1,528   3,642   9,967   28,016    6,409   16,668
 Research and
  development...........      403    1,059   2,211   3,820   10,121    2,316    6,060
 General and
  administration........      307      749   1,300   2,965    7,022    1,948    3,807
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
   Total operating
    expenses............    1,262    3,336   7,153  16,752   45,159   10,673   26,535
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
Income from operations..      398      427     222   1,370    8,941    1,069    6,307
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
Interest income, net....        7       10      29   2,927    5,234    2,102    2,594
Income taxes............       --      150      32   1,561    5,254    1,138    3,366
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- --------
Net income..............  $   405  $   287 $   219 $ 2,736 $  8,921 $  2,033 $  5,535
                          =======  ======= ======= ======= ======== ======== ========
Basic net income per
 share..................           $  0.02 $  0.01 $  0.12 $   0.34 $   0.08 $   0.21
Shares used to compute
 basic net income per
 share..................            16,252  16,421  23,538   26,133   25,541   26,295
Diluted net income per
 share..................           $  0.02 $  0.01 $  0.11 $   0.31 $   0.07 $   0.20
Shares used to compute
 diluted net income per
 share..................            16,252  18,044  25,976   28,389   27,799   28,335
Pro forma net income
 (1)....................  $   265
                          =======
Pro forma basic and
 diluted net income per
 share (1)..............  $  0.02
Shares used to compute
 pro form basic and
 diluted net income per
 share..................   15,600

                                        December 31,
                          -----------------------------------------
                           1996     1997    1998    1999     2000
                          -------  ------- ------- ------- --------
                                       (in thousands)

Consolidated Balance
 Sheet Data:
Cash and cash
 equivalents............  $   321  $   807 $ 1,099 $29,398 $ 13,805
Short-term investments..       --       --      --  49,886   72,195
Working capital
 (deficit)..............     (103)     260     221  76,099   79,820
Total assets............      910    1,886   3,362  90,235  120,479
Long-term obligations,
 net of current
 portion................       --        7      --      --       --
Total shareholders'
 equity.................       47      584     842  80,536   97,605

- --------
(1) Prior to 1997, WebTrends had elected to have taxes on WebTrends' income
    paid by WebTrends' shareholders rather than by WebTrends. Pro forma net
    income data has been presented for comparison purposes only, as if
    WebTrends had been organized as a taxable entity for periods prior to 1997.

         Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data

   The following summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data
should be read in conjunction with NetIQ's unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial data for the year ended June 30, 2000, gives
effect to the proposed merger of WebTrends and NetIQ, the merger of NetIQ and
Mission Critical Software, or MCS, and the acquisitions of Ganymede, Sirana and
Software Realization, or SRI, by NetIQ and MCS. The selected unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial data for the six months ended December 31,
2000, gives effect to the proposed merger of WebTrends and NetIQ and the
acquisition of SRI by NetIQ.

   The summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations
data for the year ended June 30, 2000, and the six months ended December 31,
2000, gives effect to the above transactions as if they occurred on July 1,
1999. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations data
for the year ended June 30, 2000, has been derived by combining the audited
historical statements of operations of NetIQ for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2000, the unaudited statements of operations for MCS, Ganymede and Sirana for
the period from July 1, 1999 to the date of the acquisitions of these
companies, and the unaudited historical statement of operations of WebTrends
and SRI for the twelve months ended June 30, 2000. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations data for the six months ended
December 31, 2000, has been derived by combining unaudited historical
statements of operations of NetIQ and WebTrends for the six months ended
December 31, 2000, and the unaudited historical statement of operations of SRI
for the period July 1, 2000, to the date of the acquisition of SRI.

   The summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of
December 31, 2000, gives effect to the above transactions as if they occurred
on December 31, 2000. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2000, has been derived by combining the unaudited
historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of NetIQ as of December 31,
2000, and the audited historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of
WebTrends as of December 31, 2000. No adjustments were made to the NetIQ
balance sheet for the acquisitions of MCS, Ganymede, Sirana and SRI as these
acquisitions were consummated prior to December 31, 2000.

   The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is
not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that
would have occurred if the transactions had been consummated at the beginning
of the earliest period presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of future
operating results or financial position. The pro forma adjustments are based
upon information and assumptions available at the time of the filing of this
document.

                                      Year Ended           Six Months Ended
                                    June 30, 2000         December 31, 2000
                                   ------------------    --------------------
                                   (in thousands, except per share data)

Pro Forma Condensed Combined
 Statement of Operations Data:
Total revenue....................    $          132,751      $          107,573
Net loss.........................              (784,905)               (373,158)
Net loss per share--basic and
 diluted.........................                (16.57)                  (7.37)
Supplemental Information:
Net income, excluding stock-based
 compensation, amortization of
 goodwill and other intangibles,
 and related income tax effects..    $           17,163      $           20,541

                                                               December 31, 2000
                                                               -----------------
                                                                (in thousands)

Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents.....................................    $  111,649
Short-term investments........................................       322,765
Working capital...............................................       389,030
Total assets..................................................     2,559,568
Total stockholders' equity....................................     2,470,137

                           Comparative Per Share Data

   The following table reflects (a) the historical net loss and book value per
share of NetIQ common stock and the historical net income and book value per
share of WebTrends common stock in comparison with the unaudited pro forma net
loss and book value per share after giving effect to NetIQ's proposed merger
with WebTrends, and (b) the equivalent historical net loss and book value per
share attributable to 0.48 shares of NetIQ common stock which will be received
for each share of WebTrends common stock.

   The historical book value per share is computed by dividing stockholders'
equity as of June 30, 2000, and December 31, 2000, respectively, by the actual
common shares outstanding. The pro forma combined book value per share is
computed by dividing total pro forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma
number of common shares outstanding at December 31, 2000, assuming the merger
had occurred on that date. The pro forma per share net loss is computed by
dividing the pro forma net loss by the pro forma weighted average number of
shares outstanding, assuming NetIQ had merged with WebTrends at the beginning
of the earliest period presented. The WebTrends equivalent pro forma combined
per share amounts are calculated by multiplying the NetIQ pro forma combined
per share amounts by the common stock exchange ratio of 0.48.

   The following information should be read in conjunction with the separate
audited historical consolidated financial statements and related notes of NetIQ
and WebTrends, the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements of NetIQ, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information and related notes of NetIQ and the selected historical and selected
unaudited pro forma financial data included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference. The pro forma information is
presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of
the operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the
merger with WebTrends had been consummated as of the beginning of the earliest
period presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of the future operating
results or financial position of the combined companies.

                                                Year Ended   Six Months Ended
                                               June 30, 2000 December 31, 2000
                                               ------------- -----------------

HISTORICAL NETIQ:
Basic net loss per share......................    $ (3.59)        $(5.83)
Diluted net loss per share....................    $ (3.59)        $(5.83)
Book value per share at the end of the
 period.......................................    $ 44.91         $37.67
HISTORICAL WEBTRENDS:
Basic net income per share....................    $  0.21         $ 0.21
Diluted net income per share..................    $  0.19         $ 0.20
Book value per share at the end of the
 period.......................................    $  3.28         $ 3.69
NETIQ AND WEBTRENDS PRO FORMA COMBINED:
Pro forma net loss per NetIQ share--basic and
 diluted......................................    $(16.57)        $(7.37)
Pro forma net loss per equivalent WebTrends
 share--basic and diluted.....................    $ (7.95)        $(3.54)
Pro forma book value per NetIQ share at
 December 31, 2000............................                    $47.24
Pro forma book value per equivalent WebTrends
 share at December 31, 2000...................                    $22.68

                    PROPOSAL NO. 2 FOR NETIQ STOCKHOLDERS:

                   AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

The Amendment (See Page 72)

   The amendment to NetIQ's certificate of incorporation will increase the
number of authorized shares of NetIQ common stock from 100,000,000 to
250,000,000. The text of the amendment is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E. NetIQ stockholders should review the proposed
amendment carefully.

Vote Required for Approval

   The holders of a majority of the shares of NetIQ common stock outstanding
must approve the amendment.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   The merger involves a high degree of risk. By voting in favor of the merger,
current WebTrends shareholders will be choosing to invest in NetIQ common
stock, and current NetIQ stockholders will face dilution of their ownership
interest in NetIQ. An investment in NetIQ common stock involves a high degree
of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference, you should carefully
consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to vote for the merger.

General risks relating to the proposed merger

The failure of NetIQ to integrate WebTrends effectively could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and
could result in loss of key personnel.

   NetIQ will need to overcome significant challenges to realize any benefits
or synergies from the merger, including the timely, efficient and successful
accomplishment of a number of post-merger objectives, such as:

  . Integrating the management teams, strategies, culture and operations of
    the two companies;

  . Retaining and assimilating the key personnel of each company;

  . Integrating sales operations and allocating opportunities between direct
    sales, telemarketing, and eBusiness fulfillment teams;

  . Integrating the technology and products of the two companies,
    particularly in the network security area;

  . Offering the existing products of each company to the other company's
    customers;

  . Retaining existing customers and strategic partners of each company;

  . Managing multiple geographic locations;

  . Developing new products that utilize the assets and resources of both
    companies; and

  . Creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and
    information systems.

   The accomplishment of these post-merger objectives will involve considerable
risk, and we may not be successful in addressing these challenges. These risks
include:

  . The potential disruption of each company's ongoing business and
    distraction of our management;

  . The difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our
    products and services;

  . Unanticipated expenses related to technology integration;

  . The impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result
    of any integration of new management personnel; and

  . Potential unknown liabilities associated with the merger.

   These risks are particularly challenging because NetIQ has completed two
other sizable acquisitions in the past twelve months. If we do not succeed in
addressing these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with the
merger, our operating results and financial condition would be adversely
affected.

WebTrends shareholders will receive a fixed number of shares of NetIQ common
stock despite changes in market value of WebTrends common stock or NetIQ common
stock.

   Upon the merger's completion, each share of WebTrends common stock will be
converted into 0.48 shares of NetIQ common stock. There will be no adjustment
to this exchange ratio for changes in the market price of either WebTrends
common stock or NetIQ common stock. In addition, neither WebTrends nor NetIQ
may terminate the merger agreement solely because of changes in the market
price of NetIQ or WebTrends common

stock. Accordingly, the dollar value of NetIQ common stock that WebTrends
shareholders will receive in the merger will depend on the market value of
NetIQ common stock when the merger is completed and may decrease from the date
they submit their proxy. The share price of NetIQ common stock has experienced
significant volatility. We urge you to obtain recent market quotations from the
Nasdaq National Market for NetIQ common stock (NTIQ) and WebTrends common stock
(WEBT). NetIQ cannot predict or give any assurances as to the market price of
NetIQ common stock at any time before or after the completion of the merger.

The merger could adversely affect combined financial results.

   NetIQ and WebTrends believe that the merger will have a positive effect on
earnings per share before taking into account the write-off of acquired in-
process research and development costs, if any, and amortization of stock-based
compensation, goodwill and intangible assets, but the dilution associated with
the shares to be issued in the merger could reduce earnings per share if the
potential benefits of the merger are not realized. The acquisition will be
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. The purchase price will
be allocated to assets and liabilities of WebTrends and such assets and
liabilities will be recorded at their fair values upon completion of the
merger. A portion of the purchase price may be identified as in-process
research and development. This amount, if any, will be charged to NetIQ's
operations in the quarter the merger is completed and the acquisition
accounting and valuation amounts are finalized. Furthermore, a portion of the
purchase price equal to the intrinsic value of the unvested options assumed in
the merger will be allocated to deferred stock-based compensation and amortized
over the remaining vesting period of these options. The remaining purchase
price will be reflected as goodwill and other intangible assets. Currently,
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require that all
intangible assets, including goodwill, be amortized over the useful lives of
such assets. However, if current FASB proposals become effective, certain
intangible assets, including goodwill, will be maintained on the balance sheet
rather than being amortized, although they may eventually be written down to
the extent that they are deemed to be impaired.

The market price of NetIQ's common stock may decline as a result of the merger.

   The market price of NetIQ's common stock may decline as a result of the
merger for a number of reasons including:

  . The integration of WebTrends by NetIQ may be unsuccessful;
  . NetIQ may not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly as,
    or to the extent, anticipated by financial or industry analysts; or

  . The effect of the merger on NetIQ's financial results may not be
    consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.

WebTrends' officers and directors have conflicts of interest that may influence
them to support or approve the merger.

   The directors and officers of WebTrends participate in arrangements and have
continuing indemnification against liabilities that provide them with interests
in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, WebTrends
shareholders' including the following:

  . NetIQ has agreed to indemnify each present and former WebTrends officer
    and director against liabilities arising out of such person's services as
    an officer or director of WebTrends prior to the merger. NetIQ will
    maintain officers' and directors' liability insurance to cover any such
    liabilities for the next six years.

  . WebTrends and NetIQ have agreed that the board of directors of NetIQ will
    elect Elijahu Shapira, WebTrends' current Chairman of the Board and Chief
    Executive Officer, to the NetIQ Board of Directors following the merger.

  . NetIQ has entered into employment agreements with Mr. Shapira and W. Glen
    Boyd, WebTrends' current President, Chief Technical Officer and Director,
    whereby they shall serve as Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Information
    Officer, respectively, of NetIQ following the merger and will receive
    options to acquire NetIQ stock in connection with their employment.

  . Two of WebTrends' directors, John Ryan and Srivats Sampath, and three of
    WebTrends' executive officers, Daniel Meub, Mark Reed and James T.
    Richardson, have agreements with WebTrends that provide for the partial
    or full acceleration of their unvested stock options in connection with
    the merger. In addition, the portion of such options that remain unvested
    after the merger will become vested in the event that the director or
    officer's employment with or service to the combined company is
    terminated within two years after the merger other than by voluntary
    termination by the director or officer.

   For the above reasons, the directors and officers of WebTrends could be more
likely to vote to approve the merger agreement than if they did not hold these
interests. WebTrends shareholders should consider whether these interests might
have influenced these directors and officers to support or recommend the
merger.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively affect WebTrends' stock price,
future business and operations.

   If the merger is not completed for any reason, WebTrends may be subject to a
number of material risks, including the following:

  . WebTrends may be required under certain circumstances to pay NetIQ a
    termination fee of $41.0 million;

  . The price of WebTrends' common stock may decline; and

  . Costs related to the merger, such as financial advisory, legal,
    accounting and printing fees, must be paid even if the merger is not
    completed.

   In addition, WebTrends' customers and strategic partners, in response to the
announcement of the merger, may delay or defer decisions, which could have a
material adverse effect on WebTrends' business, regardless of whether the
merger is ultimately completed. Moreover, diversion of management focus and
resources from the day-to-day operation of the business to matters relating to
the merger could have a material adverse effect on WebTrends' business,
regardless of whether the merger is completed. Similarly, current and
prospective WebTrends' employees may experience uncertainty about their future
roles with the combined company. This may adversely affect WebTrends' ability
to attract and retain key management, sales, marketing and technical personnel.
In addition, while the merger agreement is in effect and subject to very
narrowly defined exceptions, WebTrends is prohibited from soliciting,
initiating or encouraging or entering into certain extraordinary transactions,
such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, with any third
party and from taking certain actions that would change WebTrends' business. If
the merger is terminated and the WebTrends board of directors seeks another
merger or business combination, WebTrends shareholders cannot be certain that
WebTrends will be able to find a partner willing to pay an equivalent or more
attractive price than the price to be paid by NetIQ in the merger.

Risks relating to NetIQ and the combined company

NetIQ faces several risks in connection with our license, development and
marketing agreement with Microsoft.

   In September 2000, NetIQ licensed a substantial portion of its Operations
Manager technology to Microsoft for $175.0 million, payable over three years.
Microsoft may use the technology broadly with respect to Windows 2000, but its
use is limited with respect to Windows NT. NetIQ has also agreed to provide
limited engineering resources for a fee and to develop and market products that
operate with the products that

Microsoft plans to offer based on NetIQ technology. We anticipate significant
benefits from the agreement but it also poses significant risks, including:

  . Potential loss of revenue from existing operations management products
    until we establish revenue from products that operate with Microsoft's
    new products. The faster the rate of customer adoption of Windows 2000,
    the greater the potential loss of revenue from operations management
    products. While faster adoption of Windows 2000 may increase our
    opportunity for additional revenue from licenses of the company's
    migration tools, this additional revenue may not be sufficient to offset
    the loss of revenue from our operations management products;

  . Difficulties associated with coordinating some of our new product
    offerings with future releases of products from Microsoft;

  . The difficulty of creating new products that support and operate
    efficiently with Microsoft's new products, in particular Microsoft
    Operations Manager;

  . The difficulty of creating new products that operate with operating
    systems other than Windows NT or Windows 2000 (Windows NT/2000);

  . Customer acceptance of new product offerings;

  . Potential competition from Microsoft and other systems management
    providers for any new products that we may create; and

  . Potential reduction of revenue or linearity of revenue from month to
    month as customers evaluate the resulting product strategies of
    Microsoft, other systems management companies and NetIQ.

   We may not realize the benefits we expect from the license agreement, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. Furthermore, if Microsoft partners with one of our
competitors for operations management products we may be disadvantaged in our
efforts to develop new products compatible with Windows 2000 and future
operating systems.

NetIQ will continue to depend on our marketing, product development and sales
relationship with Microsoft, and if this relationship suffers, our customers
would likely purchase other vendors' systems management software products.

   NetIQ believes that our success in penetrating target markets for our
systems management products depends in part on our ability to maintain strong
strategic marketing, product development and sales relationships with
Microsoft. Our relationship with Microsoft will be important to validate our
technology, facilitate broad market acceptance of our products and enhance our
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities.

   NetIQ currently relies heavily on our relationship with Microsoft and we
attempt to coordinate our systems management product offerings with the future
releases of Microsoft's operating systems. It is possible that Microsoft may
not notify us of feature enhancements to its products prior to new releases of
its operating systems in the future. In that case, we may not be able to
introduce products on a timely basis that capitalize on new operating system
releases and feature enhancements.

NetIQ may not be able to sustain the revenue growth rates previously
experienced by NetIQ and WebTrends individually.

   Although NetIQ and WebTrends' revenues have grown rapidly in recent years,
NetIQ may not continue to experience this rate of revenue growth because of the
difficulty of maintaining high percentage increases as the base of revenue
increases. In addition, growing competition could also affect our revenue
growth. If our revenue does not increase at or above the rate analysts expect,
the trading price for our common stock may decline.

   Additionally, our efforts to expand our software product suites, sales and
marketing activities, direct and indirect distribution channels and maintenance
and support functions and to pursue strategic relationships or acquisitions may
not succeed or may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate. As a
result, NetIQ cannot predict our future operating results with any degree of
certainty and our quarterly operating results may vary significantly from
quarter to quarter.

NetIQ has a history of losses and may experience losses in the future.

   Since the inception of NetIQ, we have incurred significant net losses,
although in recent quarters we have achieved profitability, excluding
amortization of stock-based compensation, goodwill and intangible assets. It is
expected that we will continue to incur significant sales and marketing,
product development and administrative expenses. Currently, accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States require that all intangible
assets, including goodwill, be amortized over the useful lives of such assets.
However, if current FASB proposals become effective, certain intangible assets,
including goodwill, will be maintained on the balance sheet rather than being
amortized, although they may eventually be written down to the extent they are
deemed to be impaired. To the extent that we are required to amortize goodwill
and other intangible assets created in the merger and continue to amortize
goodwill and other intangible assets created in prior acquisitions, we are
unlikely to generate net income until the goodwill is fully amortized.

The market price of NetIQ common stock, like that of other technology stocks,
has been and may continue to be volatile.

   The market price of NetIQ common stock has been highly volatile and we
expect that our stock price will continue to fluctuate. The value of an
investment in NetIQ could decline due to the impact of any of the following
factors upon the market price of our common stock: growth rate expectations for
the Internet sector generally; variations in our actual and anticipated
operating results; changes in our earnings estimates by analysts; and our
failure to meet analysts' performance expectations.

   The stock markets have in general, and with respect to technology companies
in particular, recently experienced stock price and volume volatility. The
stock markets may continue to experience volatility that may adversely affect
the market price of NetIQ's common stock. Stock prices for many companies in
the technology and emerging growth sector have experienced wide fluctuations
that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies.
Fluctuations such as these may affect the market price of NetIQ's common stock.

Unanticipated fluctuations in NetIQ's quarterly operating results due to such
factors as change in the demand for our products could affect NetIQ's stock
price.

   NetIQ believes that quarter-to-quarter financial comparisons are not
necessarily meaningful indicators of the future operating results of NetIQ and
should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. If our
quarterly operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the
trading price of NetIQ's common stock could be negatively affected. Our
quarterly operating results have varied substantially in the past and may vary
substantially in the future depending on a number of factors described below
and elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including many that are
beyond our control. These factors include:

  . Changes in demand for our products or for eBusiness infrastructure
    management and intelligence solutions generally;

  . Focusing on sales of product suites, as opposed to stand-alone products,
    and on larger purchases by larger customers which may lengthen our sales
    cycle;

  . Varying amounts of revenue associated with particular licenses due to the
    number of products licensed and the number of devices involved in the
    installation;

  . Increased competition in general and any changes in our pricing policies,
    relative to the historical policies of WebTrends and NetIQ individually,
    that may result from increased competitive pressures;

  . Varying budget cycles of our customers and potential customers;

  . Varying size, timing and contractual terms of enterprise-wide orders for
    our products;

  . Our ability to develop and introduce new or enhanced versions of our
    products on a timely basis;

  . Potential downturns in our business in the domestic or international
    economies;

  . Changes in the mix of revenue attributable to domestic and international
    sales;

  . Software defects and other product quality problems;

  . Changes in the mix of revenue attributable to higher-margin software
    license revenue as opposed to substantially lower-margin service revenue;

  . The rate of expansion of our sales and support organizations; and

  . Potential weakening of our relationship with Microsoft.

   We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that
we will successfully manage these risks. If we fail to address adequately any
of these risks or difficulties, our quarterly results could suffer and our
stock price could fall.

NetIQ may acquire technologies or companies in the future, which could cause
disruption of our business or other risks.

   NetIQ regularly considers acquiring technologies or companies or investments
in complementary companies, products or technologies. Such acquisitions entail
many risks, any of which could materially harm our business. These risks
include:

  . Difficulty in assimilating the acquired company's personnel and
    operations;

  . Diversion of management's attention;

  . Loss of our or the acquired business's key personnel;

  . Dilution to our stockholders as a result of issuing equity securities;

  . Assumption of liabilities of the acquired company; and

  . Increased expenses as a result of the transaction.

New competitors could emerge and this could impair NetIQ's ability to grow its
business and sell its products.

   NetIQ believes the principal factors that will draw end-users to eBusiness
infrastructure management and intelligence solutions products include: breadth
of product offering and depth of product functionality; scalability; product
quality and performance, conformance to industry standards, competitive price
and customer support. To be competitive, we must respond promptly and
effectively to the challenges of technological change, evolving standards and
our competitors' innovations by continuing to enhance our products and sales
channels.

   NetIQ may face competition in the future from established companies who have
not previously entered the market for eBusiness infrastructure management and
intelligence solutions as well as from emerging companies. Many of our
anticipated competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing,
professional services and other resources than NetIQ. Established companies may
not only develop their own eBusiness infrastructure management and intelligence
solutions but they may also acquire or establish cooperative

relationships with NetIQ's competitors. It is possible that new competitors or
alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
share. If those future competitors are successful, NetIQ is likely to lose
market share and its revenue would likely decline.

   Competition could also create bundling or compatibility issues and adversely
affect NetIQ's ability to sell its products. Potential competitors may bundle
their products or incorporate eBusiness infrastructure management and
intelligence solutions into existing products, including for promotional
purposes. In addition, NetIQ's ability to sell its products will depend, in
part, on the compatibility of its products with other third party products,
such as operating systems and messaging, Internet and database applications.
Some of these third party software developers may change their products so that
they will no longer be compatible with NetIQ's products. If our competitors
bundle their products in this manner or third party software developers make
their products incompatible with our products, this could materially and
adversely affect our ability to sell our products, which could lead to price
reductions for our products and reduction of our profit margins.

If the markets for eBusiness infrastructure management and intelligence
solutions do not continue to develop as NetIQ anticipates, our ability to grow
our business and sell our products will be adversely affected.

   Historically the majority of NetIQ's products have been designed to support
Windows NT/2000-based systems and applications and it is anticipated that many
of our products will be dependent on the Windows market for the foreseeable
future. If the market for Windows 2000 does not develop or develops more slowly
than we currently anticipate, this would materially and adversely affect our
ability to grow our business, sell our products, and maintain profitability. In
addition, users of previous versions of Windows NT may decide to migrate to an
operating system other than Windows 2000 due to improved functionality of some
other vendor's operating system. Windows 2000 and related products from
Microsoft may address more of the needs of its customers for systems
administration and operations management, in which case our customers would not
need to purchase our products to perform those functions. Although the market
for Windows NT/2000-based systems has grown rapidly in recent periods, this
growth may not continue at the same rate, or at all. If there is broader
acceptance of other existing or new operating systems that provide enhanced
capabilities or offer similar functionality to Windows NT/2000 at a lower cost,
our business would likely suffer.

   The market for eBusiness infrastructure management and intelligence
solutions software may not develop or may grow more slowly than we anticipate,
and this could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow our
business, sell our products, and maintain profitability on an operating basis.
The rate of acceptance of our products is dependent on the increasing
complexity of businesses' operating environments as businesses deploy
additional servers and applications. Many companies have been addressing their
eBusiness infrastructure management and intelligence needs internally and only
recently have become aware of the benefits of third-party solutions as their
needs have become more complex. Our future financial performance will depend in
large part on the continued growth in the number of businesses adopting third-
party applications management software products and their deployment of these
products on an enterprise-wide basis.

The lengthy sales cycle for NetIQ products makes our revenues susceptible to
fluctuations.

   The delay or failure to complete sales, particularly large, enterprise-wide
sales, in a quarter or fiscal year would reduce our quarterly and annual
revenue. NetIQ has traditionally focused on sales of our products to workgroups
and divisions of a customer, resulting in a sales cycle ranging between 90 and
180 days. The sales cycle associated with the purchase of our products is
subject to a number of significant risks over which we have little or no
control, including:

  . Customers' budgetary constraints and internal acceptance procedures;

  . Concerns about the introduction or announcement of our competitors' new
    products, including product announcements by Microsoft relating to
    Windows NT/2000;

  . After the merger, requirements for installation of some WebTrends
    products by customer support teams or third parties; and

  . Customer requests for product enhancements.

   We expect to offer a broader range of products after the merger that may
require increased selling effort for the customer's entire enterprise than has
historically been required of either WebTrends or NetIQ. The sales cycle for
these enterprise-wide sales typically can be significantly longer than the
sales cycle for smaller-sized departmental sales. Enterprise-wide sales of the
combined company's products require an extensive sales effort throughout a
customer's organization because decisions to license and deploy this type of
software generally involve the evaluation of the software by many people in
various functional and geographic areas, each of whom may have specific and
conflicting requirements. This evaluation process often requires significant
efforts to educate information technology decision-makers about the benefits of
our products. In addition, enterprise-wide deployments could also erode per-
user license fees even though average sales prices might increase.

Our success depends on continued use and expansion of the Internet and
Internet-based systems.

   Many of our eBusiness infrastructure management and intelligence solutions
are targeted for Internet-based systems. The rapid growth of the Internet is a
recent phenomenon. The growth of our revenue is dependent on the continued use
of the Internet for communication and commerce. Additionally, the Internet
infrastructure must continue to evolve to handle increased levels of Internet
activity, security, reliability, cost, ease of use, accessibility and quality
of service. Potential federal, state and foreign regulation in the areas of
privacy and content, as well as potential taxation of Internet use, could
hamper Internet growth. Similarly, Internet users may become more concerned
about Internet privacy and security. To the extent that government regulation
or user concern hampers the growth of the Internet, our business could be
negatively affected.

WebTrends and NetIQ have each experienced significant growth in their
respective businesses in recent periods and NetIQ's ability to manage this
growth and any future growth will affect our ability to maintain operating
profitability.

   Our ability to maintain operating profitability will depend in part on our
ability to implement and expand operational, customer support and financial
control systems and to train and manage our employees. We may not be able to
augment or improve existing systems and controls or implement new systems and
controls in response to future growth, if any. Any failure to manage growth
could divert management attention from executing our business plan and hurt our
ability to successfully expand our business. WebTrends' and NetIQ's historical
growth has placed, and any further growth is likely to continue to place, a
significant strain on our resources. In particular, growth due to acquisitions
places significant strain on our management and infrastructure. In addition to
NetIQ's proposed acquisition of WebTrends, NetIQ has also completed two other
sizable acquisitions within the last twelve months. To be successful, we will
need to expand and integrate our infrastructure programs, including
implementing additional management information systems, improving operating,
financial and administrative systems and controls, retaining and training new
employees and maintaining close coordination among our executive, engineering,
accounting, finance, marketing, sales, operations and customer support
organizations. In addition, future growth will result in increased
responsibilities for management personnel. Managing this growth will require
substantial resources that we may not have.

NetIQ will need to recruit and retain additional qualified personnel to
successfully manage our business.

   Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and
retain experienced sales, research and development, marketing, technical
support and management personnel. New employees will likely require substantial
training in the use of the combined company's products, which in turn will
require significant resources and management attention. If we do not attract
and retain such personnel, this could materially and adversely affect our
ability to grow our business.

   Moreover, the complexity of distributed computing systems requires highly
trained customer service and technical support personnel to assist customers
with deployment of our products. The labor market for these personnel is very
competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary
technical skills. WebTrends and NetIQ have each experienced difficulty in
recruiting qualified personnel, particularly technical and sales personnel.
There is a risk that even if we invest significant resources in attempting to
attract, train and retain these qualified personnel, we will not be successful
in our efforts.

   To achieve our business objectives, we may recruit and employ skilled
technical professionals from other countries to work in the United States.
Limitations imposed by federal immigration laws and the availability of visas
could materially and adversely affect our ability to attract necessary
qualified personnel. This may have a negative effect on our business and future
operating results.

NetIQ's executive officers and other key personnel are critical to our business
and they may not remain with us in the future, which could hurt our ability to
grow our business.

   Our success will depend to a significant extent on the continued services of
our executive officers and other key employees, including key sales,
consulting, technical and marketing personnel. If we lose the services of one
or more of our executives or key employees, including if one or more of our
executives or key employees decided to join a competitor or otherwise compete
directly or indirectly with us, this could harm our business and could affect
our ability to successfully implement our business objectives.

Errors in NetIQ's products could result in significant costs to us and could
impair our ability to sell our products.

   Because our software products are complex, they may contain errors, or
"bugs," that could be detected at any point in a product's life cycle. These
errors could materially and adversely affect our reputation, result in
significant costs to us and impair our ability to sell our products in the
future. The costs we may incur in correcting any product errors may be
substantial and could decrease our profit margins. While we expect to
continually test our products for errors and work with customers through our
customer support services organization to identify and correct bugs, errors in
our products may be found in the future. Testing for errors is complicated in
part because it is difficult to simulate the highly complex computing
environments in which our customers use these products as well as because of
the increased functionality of our product offerings. Detection of any
significant errors may result in, among other things, loss of, or delay in,
market acceptance and sales of our products, diversion of development
resources, injury to our reputation, increased service and warranty costs or
exposure to product liability litigation. Moreover, because our products will
support operating systems and applications, any software errors or bugs in the
operating server software or the systems and applications that our products
operate with may result in errors in the performance of our software.

NetIQ's ability to secure, protect and expand our network and data centers is
increasingly important to our current and future business.

   We rely on our network and data center infrastructure for internal
communications, communications with customers and partners, direct sales of our
software products, sales lead generation and direct provision of fee-based
services. We must protect our network infrastructure and equipment against
damage from human error, physical or electronic security breaches, power loss
and other facility failures, fire, earthquake, flood, telecommunications
failure, sabotage, vandalism and similar events. Despite precautions, a natural
disaster or other unanticipated problems could result in interruptions in our
service or significant damage. In addition, failure of any of our
telecommunications providers to provide consistent data communications capacity
could result in interruptions in our services and thus in our ability to
provide service to our customers. Additionally, we must continue to expand and
adapt our network to satisfy our internal and customer requirements. We are
dependent on certain telecommunications providers for our backbone capacity and
it may be difficult to quickly increase this capacity in light of the lead
times in the industry.

If NetIQ fails to protect its intellectual property rights, competitors may be
able to use our technology or trademarks and this could weaken our competitive
position, reduce our revenue and increase costs.

   Our success is heavily dependent on proprietary technology. We expect to
rely primarily on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, trade
secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
proprietary rights and prevent competitors from using our technology in their
products. These laws and procedures provide only limited protection. We have a
number of patents but they may not provide sufficiently broad protection or
they may not be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. Our ability
to sell our products and prevent competitors from misappropriating our
proprietary technologies, trademarks and trade names is dependent on protecting
intellectual property. Despite precautions that we take, it may be possible for
unauthorized third parties to copy aspects of our current or future products or
to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. In particular, we
may provide our licensees with access to proprietary information underlying our
licensed applications. Additionally, our competitors may independently develop
similar or superior technology or design around the patents we own. Policing
unauthorized use of software is difficult and some foreign laws do not protect
proprietary rights to the same extent as United States laws. Legal standards
relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of
intellectual property rights in Internet-related industries are uncertain and
still evolving. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our
intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the
validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation would
be costly and distracting to management, and there is no assurance such
litigation would be successful.

Third parties could assert that our products infringe their intellectual
property rights. Such claims could injure our reputation and adversely affect
our ability to sell our products.

   Third parties may claim that our current or future products infringe their
proprietary rights, and these claims, whether they have merit or not, could
harm our business by increasing our costs or reducing our revenue. NetIQ
previously litigated a claim with Compuware alleging that NetIQ had infringed a
third party's intellectual property rights. In 1999, WebTrends was involved in
an intellectual property dispute with WebSideStory, Inc. Although these claims
have been settled, any future claims could affect our relationships with
existing customers and may prevent future customers from licensing our
products. The intensely competitive nature of our industry and the importance
of technology to our competitors' businesses may contribute to the likelihood
of being subject to third party claims of this nature. Any such claims, with or
without merit, could be time consuming, result in potentially significant
litigation costs, including costs related to any damages we may owe resulting
from such litigation, cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into
royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or license agreements may not be
available on acceptable terms or at all. Such claims could also force us either
to stop selling, incorporating or using products or services that incorporate
the challenged intellectual property or to redesign those products or services
that incorporate such technology. We expect that software developers will
increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and
competitors in the software industry grows and the functionality of products in
different industry segments overlaps.

                               THE NETIQ MEETING

Date, time and place of NetIQ's special meeting

   The date, time and place of the special meeting of NetIQ stockholders are as
follows:

                              March 26, 2001
                             10:00 a.m. local time
                            3553 North First Street
                           San Jose, California 95134

Purpose of the special meeting

   NetIQ is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to NetIQ
stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by and on behalf of
NetIQ's board of directors. The NetIQ board of directors will use the proxies
at the special meeting of stockholders and at any adjournment or postponement
thereof.

   The special meeting is being held so that NetIQ stockholders may consider
and vote upon the following proposals:

  . to approve the issuance of approximately 12.7 million shares of NetIQ
    common stock in connection with the merger based on an exchange ratio of
    0.48 shares of NetIQ common stock for each outstanding share of WebTrends
    common stock and as set forth in the merger agreement;

  . to approve an amendment to NetIQ's certificate of incorporation to
    increase the authorized number of shares of common stock from 100,000,000
    to 250,000,000; and

  . to transact such other business as may properly come before the special
    meeting.

Record date and outstanding shares

   NetIQ's board of directors has fixed the close of business on February 1,
2001, as the record date for the special meeting. Only holders of record of
NetIQ common stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to
notice of and to vote at the meeting. As of the close of business on the record
date, there were 39,753,975 shares of NetIQ common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote, held of record by approximately 229 stockholders.

Vote and quorum required

   Holders of NetIQ's common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held
as of the record date. In order to conduct business at the special meeting, a
quorum consisting of at least a majority of NetIQ's outstanding common stock
must be present in person or represented by proxy. Approval of the proposal to
issue NetIQ shares in the merger requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the common stock of NetIQ present in person or represented by proxy and voting
at the meeting. Approval of the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of NetIQ's
outstanding common stock.

   As of the record date, directors, executive officers and affiliates of NetIQ
as a group beneficially owned approximately 12% of the outstanding shares of
NetIQ common stock.

Voting of proxies

   All properly executed proxies received before the vote at the special
meeting, and not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions
indicated on the proxies. If no instructions are indicated, such proxies will
be voted FOR the proposal to approve the issuance of NetIQ common stock in the
merger and FOR the proposal to approve the amendment to NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation, and the proxy holder may vote the proxy in its discretion as to
any other matter which may properly come before the meeting.

   Any abstention on the proposal relating to the merger will have the same
effect as a vote AGAINST the approval of the issuance of NetIQ common stock in
the merger. Any abstention on the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST the approval of the
proposed amendment.

   If a broker, bank, custodian, nominee or other record holder of NetIQ common
stock indicates on a proxy that it does not have discretionary authority to
vote certain shares on a particular matter, which is called a broker non-vote,
those shares will not be considered for purposes of determining the number of
shares entitled to vote with respect to a particular proposal on which the
broker has expressly not voted, but will be counted for purposes of determining
the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business. As such,
broker non-votes will have no effect upon the outcome of the proposal to
approve the issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger, and will have the
same effect as a vote AGAINST the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation.

   In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and key employees
of NetIQ may solicit proxies in person or by telephone, e-mail or other means
of communication. These persons will receive no additional compensation for
solicitation of proxies, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses. In addition, NetIQ has retained Corporate Investor Communications to
act as its proxy solicitor in connection with the special meeting. Corporate
Investor Communications will be paid a fee of $8,000 plus reimbursement of its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Expenses of proxy solicitation

   NetIQ will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at the
meeting, except that WebTrends will share equally the expenses incurred in
connection with filing and printing this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Following the original mailing of the proxies and other soliciting materials,
NetIQ will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders of
NetIQ common stock to forward copies of the proxy and other soliciting
materials to persons for whom they hold shares of NetIQ common stock and to
request authority for the exercise of proxies. In such cases, upon the request
of the record holders, NetIQ will reimburse such holders for their reasonable
expenses.

Proxies

   The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on
behalf of the NetIQ board of directors for use at the meeting. Please complete,
date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the enclosed
envelope or otherwise mail it to the address indicated on the proxy card. You
may also be able to vote by telephone or over the Internet, as described on the
enclosed proxy card. All properly signed proxies received prior to the vote at
the meeting and that are not revoked will be voted at the meeting according to
the instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, to
approve the issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger and the amendment to
NetIQ's certificate of incorporation. You may revoke it at any time before it
is exercised at the meeting by taking any of the following actions:

  . delivering a written notice to the secretary of NetIQ by any means,
    including facsimile, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy,
    stating that the proxy is revoked;

  . signing and delivering a proxy relating to the same shares and bearing a
    later date prior to the vote at the meeting; or

  . attending the meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the
    meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy. Please note, however, that
    if your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee and
    you wish to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the meeting a letter
    from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your beneficial
    ownership of the shares.

   NetIQ's board of directors does not know of any matter that is not referred
to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to be presented for action at the
meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the meeting, the
persons named in the proxies will have discretion to vote on such matters in
accordance with their best judgment.

Recommendation of the board of directors

   The board of directors of NetIQ has unanimously determined that the terms of
the merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of NetIQ and its
stockholders. Accordingly, the NetIQ board of directors recommends that NetIQ
stockholders vote FOR the proposal to approve the issuance of shares of NetIQ's
common stock as set forth in the merger agreement. In addition, NetIQ's board
of directors has unanimously determined that the amendment to NetIQ's
certificate of incorporation is in the best interests of NetIQ and its
stockholders. Accordingly, the NetIQ board of directors recommends that NetIQ
stockholders vote FOR the proposal to approve the amendment to NetIQ's
certificate of incorporation in the form attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E.

    To assure that your shares are represented at the meeting, please
 complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy and mail it promptly in the
 postage-paid envelope provided, whether or not you plan to attend the
 meeting. You may also be able to vote by telephone or over the Internet, as
 described on the enclosed proxy card. You may revoke your proxy at any time
 before it is voted.

                             THE WEBTRENDS MEETING

Date, time and place of the WebTrends special meeting

   The date, time and place of the special meeting of WebTrends shareholders
are as follows:

                              March 26, 2001
                             10:00 a.m. local time
                                The Hilton Hotel
                             921 S.W. Sixth Avenue
                               Portland, OR 97204

Purpose of the special meeting

   WebTrends is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to WebTrends
shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by and on behalf of
WebTrends' board of directors. The WebTrends board of directors will use the
proxies at the special meeting of shareholders and at any adjournment or
postponement thereof.

   The special meeting is being held so that WebTrends shareholders may
consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the merger agreement and the
merger, providing for the acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ and to transact
such other business as may properly come before the special meeting. The merger
agreement is included as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Record date and outstanding shares

   WebTrends' board of directors has fixed the close of business on February 1,
2001, as the record date for the special meeting. Only holders of record of
WebTrends common stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled
to notice of and to vote at the meeting. As of the close of business on the
record date, there were 26,536,807 shares of WebTrends common stock outstanding
and entitled to vote, held of record by approximately 65 shareholders.

Vote and quorum required

   Holders of WebTrends' common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held as of the record date. Approval of the proposal to be voted upon by
WebTrends shareholders requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the total
outstanding common stock of WebTrends. Attendance at the meeting in person or
by proxy of a majority of the outstanding common stock of WebTrends is required
for a quorum.

   As of the record date, WebTrends' directors, executive officers and their
affiliates as a group beneficially owned approximately 30% of the outstanding
shares of WebTrends common stock. Certain major shareholders of WebTrends have
entered into a voting agreement with NetIQ that obligate them to vote a total
of approximately 30% of WebTrends' common stock outstanding as of the record
date, in favor of approval of the merger and merger agreement.

Voting of proxies

   All properly executed proxies received before the vote at the special
meeting, and not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions
indicated on the proxies. If no instructions are indicated, such proxies will
be voted FOR the proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger, and
the proxy holder may vote the proxy in its discretion as to any other matter
which may properly come before the meeting.

   Any abstention will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST the approval of
the merger agreement and the merger.

   In the event that a broker, bank, custodian, nominee or other record holder
of WebTrends common stock indicates on a proxy that it does not have
discretionary authority to vote certain shares on a particular matter, which is
called a broker non-vote, those shares will be counted for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of
business. Because the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock is required to approve the merger agreement and the merger,
broker non-votes will have the effect of a vote AGAINST the proposal.

   In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers and key employees
of WebTrends may solicit proxies in person or by telephone, e-mail or other
means of communication. These persons will receive no additional compensation
for solicitation of proxies, but may be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses. In addition, WebTrends has retained Corporate Investor Communications
to act as its proxy solicitor in connection with the special meeting. Corporate
Investor Communications will be paid a fee of $8,000 plus reimbursement of its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Expenses of proxy solicitation

   WebTrends will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies to be voted at the
meeting, except that NetIQ will share equally the expenses incurred in
connection with filing and printing this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Following the original mailing of the proxies and other soliciting materials,
WebTrends will request brokers, custodians, nominees and other record holders
of WebTrends common stock to forward copies of the proxy and other soliciting
materials to persons for whom they hold shares of WebTrends common stock and to
request authority for the exercise of proxies. In such cases, upon the request
of the record holders, WebTrends will reimburse such holders for their
reasonable expenses.

Proxies

   The proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus is solicited on
behalf of the WebTrends board of directors for use at the meeting. Please
complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the
enclosed envelope or otherwise mail it to the address indicated on the proxy
card. If your shares are held in the name of a bank or broker, you may be able
to vote by telephone or over the Internet, as described on the enclosed proxy
card. All properly signed proxies that WebTrends receives prior to the vote at
the meeting and that are not revoked will be voted at the meeting according to
the instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, to
approve the merger. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is
exercised at the meeting by taking any of the following actions:

  . delivering a written notice to the secretary of WebTrends by any means,
    including facsimile, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy,
    stating that the proxy is revoked;

  . signing and delivering a proxy relating to the same shares and bearing a
    later date prior to the vote at the meeting; or

  . attending the meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the
    meeting will not, by itself, revoke a proxy. Please note, however, that
    if your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee and
    you wish to vote at the meeting, you must bring to the meeting a letter
    from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming your beneficial
    ownership of the shares.

   WebTrends' board of directors does not know of any matter that is not
referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to be presented for action
at the meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the meeting,
the persons named in the proxies will have discretion to vote on such matters
in accordance with their best judgment.

   You should not send in any stock certificates with your proxies. A
transmittal form with instructions for the surrender of stock certificates for
shares of WebTrends will be mailed to you as soon as practicable after
completion of the merger.

Dissenters' Rights

   Dissenters' rights of appraisal are not available with respect to the merger
as a matter of Oregon law.

Recommendation of the board of directors

   The board of directors of WebTrends has unanimously determined that the
terms of the merger agreement and the merger are in the best interests of
WebTrends and the WebTrends shareholders. Accordingly, the WebTrends board of
directors unanimously recommends that WebTrends shareholders vote FOR the
proposal to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

    To assure that your shares are represented at the meeting, please
 complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy and mail it promptly in the
 postage-paid envelope provided, whether or not you plan to attend the
 meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a bank or broker, you may be
 able to vote by telephone or over the Internet, as described on the enclosed
 proxy card. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted.

                           PROPOSAL NO. 1: THE MERGER

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposed
merger. While we believe that the description covers the material terms of the
merger and the related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. You should carefully read this entire
document and the other documents we referred to for a more complete
understanding of the merger.

Background of the merger

   Since early 2000, NetIQ has pursued a strategy of further developing its
product lines through acquisitions of or investments in complementary products,
technologies and businesses. In May 2000, NetIQ completed its strategic
combination with Mission Critical Software, Inc. and Ganymede Software, Inc.

   On November 14, 2000, representatives of Wit SoundView introduced Ching-Fa
Hwang, President and Chief Executive Officer of NetIQ, James Barth, Chief
Financial Officer of NetIQ, and Richard Pleczko, Vice President, Marketing, of
NetIQ, to Elijahu Shapira, co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
WebTrends and W. Glen Boyd, co-founder, President and Chief Technical Officer
of WebTrends, who were attending a conference in Boca Raton, Florida. At the
meeting, the parties discussed the possibility of a meeting of their management
teams to explore potential joint business development opportunities.

   On November 27, 2000, Mr. Hwang and Tom Kemp, NetIQ's Senior Vice President,
Products, met with Messrs. Shapira and Boyd in Portland, Oregon. During the
meeting, the parties discussed the respective businesses, products, markets,
sales channels and financial results of the two companies. At the conclusion of
the meeting, the parties determined that more extensive discussions between the
management teams of the two companies should be organized.

   On December 5, 2000, WebTrends began working with Dain Rauscher Wessels with
respect to the potential transaction. That engagement was formalized on January
8, 2001.

   NetIQ had already retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as its advisor
in connection with the consideration of potential acquisitions. On December 15,
2000, NetIQ management also engaged Wit SoundView to act as a financial adviser
in connection with a possible transaction with WebTrends.

   On the afternoon of December 11, 2000, Messrs. Hwang and Barth went to
Portland for further discussions and dinner with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd and Jim
Richardson, WebTrends' Chief Financial Officer. The discussions focussed on
each party's management styles, potential roles for WebTrends' senior
management in NetIQ after the proposed merger, the cultures of the two
companies and management's outlook on the future of their respective
businesses.

   On December 13, 2000, Mr. Hwang and members of NetIQ senior management met
with Mr. Shapira and members of WebTrends senior management in San Jose,
California to discuss the proposed acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ. At the
meeting, the companies entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement. Mr.
Hwang, Mr. Shapira and members of their teams each provided overviews of their
respective company's products and product strategy, and discussed the business
opportunities and challenges faced by their respective companies, the
complementary nature of their respective businesses and their personal
philosophies and management styles. They also discussed conceptually the idea
of a combination of the two companies. In these discussions Mr. Hwang stressed
to Mr. Shapira the importance to NetIQ of Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd joining the
NetIQ management team in the event of a merger (including Mr. Shapira joining
the NetIQ board of directors) and agreeing to restrictions on their
dispositions of NetIQ common stock after the merger.

   On December 14, 2000, the NetIQ board of directors met with representatives
of Credit Suisse First Boston and Davis Polk & Wardwell to discuss a potential
acquisition of WebTrends. The NetIQ board authorized management to continue its
discussions with WebTrends' management and, should these discussions progress,
to begin financial and legal due diligence.

   On December 20, 2000, Messrs. Hwang and Barth of NetIQ met in Portland,
Oregon with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd and Richardson. The discussion focused on
limitations that would be placed on dispositions of NetIQ common stock by
Messrs. Shapira and Boyd after the merger and financial results of NetIQ and
WebTrends. The parties also discussed possible timing and next steps for
discussions between the two companies.

   Over the holiday period the companies continued to exchange information and
to prepare for potential merger negotiations.

   On January 3, 2001, Davis Polk & Wardwell provided a draft merger agreement
to Perkins Coie for purposes of facilitating discussion of the possible
structure and terms of an acquisition of WebTrends by NetIQ.

   From January 4 to January 15, 2001, discussions continued between executives
and legal and financial advisors of the two companies and legal advisors for
Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd, and each company's CEO kept his board of directors
apprised through informal communications. These discussions included
consideration of the risks and issues surrounding an acquisition, the terms of
the acquisition, the roles of WebTrends' management and employees after the
acquisition, the restrictions that would apply to Mr. Shapira and Mr. Boyd in
transferring the shares received in the merger, the compatibility of the two
companies' technology, products and culture and each company's financial
condition and operating results. Davis Polk & Wardwell and Perkins Coie
exchanged numerous drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements,
negotiated the terms of these agreements and conducted legal due diligence
reviews.

   On January 4 and 5, 2001, Mr. Barth led a team of NetIQ management, along
with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston, Wit SoundView and Davis
Polk & Wardwell, in meetings with Mr. Richardson, WebTrends management and
representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels in Portland, Oregon at the offices of
Perkins Coie and at WebTrends' headquarters. WebTrends management made a series
of presentations on the products, technology, sales and distribution strategy
and financial results of WebTrends and responded to questions from NetIQ
management and its financial advisers. NetIQ's in-house counsel and Davis Polk
& Wardwell conducted legal due diligence.

   In discussions in early January, the parties tentatively agreed that based
on then current market prices an exchange ratio of approximately 0.48 NetIQ
shares for each WebTrends share would be acceptable to both sides. The parties
agreed to continue with due diligence investigations and with negotiation of
other terms of the merger agreement and to revisit the exchange ratio when
these matters had progressed further.

   On the morning of January 8, 2001, Mr. Hwang led a team including NetIQ's
senior management and one NetIQ director in meetings with Messrs. Shapira, Boyd
and WebTrends' senior management in Portland, Oregon. The parties continued to
discuss business due diligence issues and integration issues, including
possible roles for WebTrends' senior management in NetIQ after the proposed
acquisition.

   On January 8, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
in Portland, Oregon and discussed a possible business combination with NetIQ.
The management team provided background on the parties' discussions and
outlined the benefits of a proposed merger. Representatives of Dain Rauscher
Wessels presented information on NetIQ and its market opportunity and business.
They also reviewed NetIQ financial information. The board expressed its view
that discussions and diligence should continue.

   On January 9, 2001, Mr. Hwang and NetIQ management discussed with the NetIQ
board of directors at a meeting in Houston, Texas the proposed acquisition of
WebTrends by NetIQ. The management team reviewed for the board the business of
WebTrends, the strategic rationale for the merger, the roles of WebTrends'
management and employees after the acquisition and the approximate exchange
ratio for the merger. Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston gave an
overview of financial considerations relating to the acquisition, and a
representative of Davis Polk & Wardwell reviewed with the board its legal
responsibilities and the terms and conditions of the proposed merger agreement
and related agreements. The board authorized NetIQ management to conduct
further discussions and due diligence to determine the merits and possible
terms of a merger agreement.

   On January 10 and 11, 2001, Mr. Richardson led a team of WebTrends
management, along with representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels, in meetings
with Mr. Hwang, NetIQ management and representatives of Credit Suisse First
Boston and Wit SoundView at the Menlo Park, California offices of Davis Polk &
Wardwell and NetIQ's San Jose, California headquarters. NetIQ management made a
series of presentations on the products, technology, sales and distribution
strategy and financial results of NetIQ and responded to questions from
WebTrends management and its financial advisers. WebTrends' in-house counsel
and Perkins Coie conducted legal due diligence.

   On January 12, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
to discuss the merger in detail. Perkins Coie reviewed the key terms of the
proposed transaction, the draft merger agreement and related documents and the
status of negotiations. Perkins Coie further advised the board of its fiduciary
duties and presented a legal diligence report on NetIQ. Members of WebTrends
management outlined the strategic reasons for a merger, integration plans, the
proposed management team of the combined entity and the results of business
diligence. Representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels offered a preliminary
financial analysis with respect to the proposed exchange ratio in the merger.
The board discussed the reports of Perkins Coie, Dain Rauscher Wessels and
management. Board members considered at length the proposed combination in
light of the presentations made and other factors. The board expressed its
approval of the continued negotiations and proposed transaction, subject to the
satisfactory completion of due diligence and the finalization of the merger
agreement.

   On January 13 and 14, 2001 the companies finalized the principal terms of
the merger, completed their due diligence and continued preparation of
definitive agreements. They also agreed that the 0.48 exchange ratio previously
discussed continued to be acceptable to both sides.

   On January 15, 2001, the NetIQ board of directors met with senior management
and NetIQ's financial and legal advisors to discuss the status of the proposed
merger. The management team reviewed for the board the business of WebTrends,
the strategic rationale for the merger, preliminary plans for integration of
the operations and products of the two companies, WebTrends' financial
condition and results of operations and the approximate exchange ratio for the
merger. Davis Polk & Wardwell reviewed with the NetIQ board its legal
responsibilities in considering the merger, the status of the negotiations, the
results of legal due diligence, the principal terms of the transaction and
drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements. Representatives of
Credit Suisse First Boston presented its analysis of the proposed merger and
delivered its oral opinion (confirmed the next day in writing) that the
exchange ratio, as of that date, was fair to NetIQ from a financial point of
view. After extensive discussion, at the conclusion of the meeting the NetIQ
board directors approved the acquisition, the merger agreement and the related
agreements.

   On January 16, 2001, the WebTrends board of directors held a special meeting
to consider approval of the merger. The board of directors reviewed the terms
of the definitive agreement with Perkins Coie and the resolution of previously
outstanding matters. In addition, Perkins Coie updated its legal diligence
report. Representatives of Dain Rauscher Wessels rendered an oral opinion,
which opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of
that date, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of WebTrends common stock. After full discussion, the WebTrends board
unanimously approved the merger and merger agreement and Mr. Shapira, Mr. Boyd
and Michael Burmeister-Brown entered into voting agreements related to the
merger.

   On January 16, 2001, after the approval of the merger by the WebTrends board
and the close of the stock market, the merger agreement and related agreements
were executed. The two companies issued a joint press release announcing the
acquisition prior to the opening of the stock market on January 17, 2001.

Reasons for the merger

   In their decisions to recommend and approve the merger, the boards of
directors of both NetIQ and WebTrends believe that the following reasons are
among the most important:

  . the merger will allow the combined company to provide a more
    comprehensive suite of products and services to customers than either
    company could provide alone, encompassing systems administration,
    operations management, network performance management, security
    management, web management and eBusiness analytics and intelligence;

  . the products of the two companies, while complementary, are not
    overlapping, which should avoid customer confusion and provide
    opportunities for cross-selling;

  . the combined company will have significantly greater scale, with
    approximately 1,000 employees and pro forma combined revenues for the
    twelve months ended June 30, 2000, of approximately $133.0 million,
    giving it greater resources to enhance market presence, pursue research
    and development opportunities and provide coverage to customers;

  . in addition to complementary products, each company has certain
    particular strengths that the combined company should benefit from,
    including in the case of NetIQ its direct sales organization and in the
    case of WebTrends its telemarketing and eBusiness fulfillment
    capabilities;

  . the combination of the operations of the two companies should also result
    in efficiencies arising from shared business functions, information and
    other systems, and proprietary technologies;

  . the combined company should be more attractive not only to customers but
    also to important partners such as Microsoft;

  . for NetIQ, the merger enhances and accelerates its ability to serve
    customers with heterogeneous operating environments that go beyond
    NetIQ's traditional focus on the Windows platform;

  . for WebTrends, integration with NetIQ enhances its ability to sell higher
    value products as part of its evolution beyond web analytics to business
    intelligence; and

  . NetIQ and WebTrends share a number of important long-term corporate
    values, including a commitment to market leadership through innovative
    products and a desire to continuously deliver more value to customers.
    Both companies also benefit from talented and dedicated employees with a
    long-standing commitment to excellence. The boards believe that these
    shared values will facilitate a relatively smooth integration of the two
    companies.

   Factors Considered. Each board of directors consulted with its respective
management and outside legal and financial advisors as part of the process of
approving the merger. The boards considered the following factors among others:

  . historical information concerning the business, financial performance and
    condition, market opportunity and position, technology and management of
    the two companies;

  . the respective managements' views of the benefits of the merger and of
    the impact of the merger on the combined business and operations of the
    two companies;

  . estimates of future financial results of the two companies illustrating
    the potential financial results of the combined company;

  . current and historical information concerning the trading prices and
    volatility of the two companies' shares;

  . the consideration to be delivered by NetIQ and received by WebTrends
    shareholders compared to that in other transactions deemed comparable;

  . for WebTrends, the opinion of Dain Rauscher Wessels to the effect that,
    as of the date of the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger is fair
    from a financial point of view to the holders of WebTrends common stock;

  . for NetIQ, the opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston to the effect that,
    as of the date of the opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger is fair
    from a financial point of view to NetIQ;

  . the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and the related voting
    agreements are reasonable;

  . the impact of the merger upon customers and employees of the respective
    companies; and

  . reports from the respective companies' managements, financial and legal
    advisors as to the results of their due diligence investigation of the
    other company.

   Potential risks or other negative factors identified by the boards of
directors include the following:

  . the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

  . the challenges of integrating the management teams, strategies, cultures
    and organizations of the two companies, especially in light of NetIQ
    having completed two other sizable acquisition transactions within the
    past twelve months;

  . the challenges of adding another substantial geographic center in
    Portland to NetIQ's established centers in San Jose and Houston;

  . the risk of disruption of sales momentum as a result of uncertainties
    created by the announcement of the merger;

  . the risk of loss of key talent;

  . the risk that the merger might not be consummated despite the parties'
    efforts, even if approved by stockholders;

  . the significant goodwill and other intangibles that would be added to the
    balance sheet of the combined company as a result of the impact of
    purchase accounting, and the current uncertainty as to whether and under
    what circumstances such goodwill might have to be amortized or otherwise
    deemed impaired and charged to income; and

  . other applicable risks described in this joint prospectus/proxy statement
    in the section entitled "Risk Factors."

   Each board concluded that on balance the potential benefits of the merger
outweighed the potential risks. This discussion of the information and factors
considered by the boards is not meant to be exhaustive. Given the complexity of
the issue and the number of factors considered, neither board attempted to
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to specific factors.

Recommendation of WebTrends' board of directors

   After careful consideration, WebTrends' board of directors unanimously
determined that the merger is in the best interests of the WebTrends
shareholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and recommends that
WebTrends shareholders vote for approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and the merger.

Opinion of WebTrends' financial advisor

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated January 8, 2001, Dain Rauscher
Wessels was retained by WebTrends to act as financial advisor and, if
requested, to furnish an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger.

   On January 16, 2001, Dain Rauscher Wessels rendered its opinion to
WebTrends' board of directors that, as of such date and based on the procedures
followed, factors considered and assumptions made by Dain Rauscher Wessels and
certain other limitations, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point
of view, to the holders of common stock of WebTrends. A copy of Dain Rauscher
Wessels' written opinion is attached as Annex D to this document. The holders
of common stock of WebTrends are urged to read the Dain Rauscher Wessels
opinion carefully in its entirety. This summary of the opinion is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion.

   Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion was provided for the information and
assistance of WebTrends' board of directors in connection with its
consideration of the merger. Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion does not address
the relative merits of the merger and any other transactions or business
strategies discussed by WebTrends' board of directors as alternatives to the
merger, or the underlying business decision of WebTrends' board of directors to
proceed with the merger. Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion and presentation to
WebTrends' board of directors were only two of many factors taken into
consideration by WebTrends' board of directors in making its determination to
approve the merger agreement. Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion does not
constitute a recommendation to any WebTrends shareholder as to how such
shareholder should vote with respect to the merger. Dain Rauscher Wessels'
opinion addresses solely the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
exchange ratio to the holders of common stock of WebTrends and does not address
any other terms or agreements related to the merger.

   In rendering its opinion, Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial, legal, tax, operating and other
information provided by WebTrends and NetIQ (including, without limitation, the
financial statements and related notes of WebTrends and NetIQ). Dain Rauscher
Wessels did not assume responsibility for independently verifying and did not
independently verify this information. With respect to the data and discussions
relating to the business prospects and financial outlook of WebTrends and
NetIQ, upon advice of WebTrends and NetIQ, Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed that
the publicly available forecasts reflect reasonable estimates and judgments of
the management of WebTrends and NetIQ as to the future financial performance of
WebTrends and NetIQ, respectively, and that WebTrends and NetIQ will perform
substantially in accordance with such estimates. Dain Rauscher Wessels
expressed no opinion as to such financial data and estimates or the assumptions
on which they were based.

   Additionally, Dain Rauscher Wessels was not asked to and did not consider
the possible effects of any litigation, other legal claims or any other
contingent matters. Dain Rauscher Wessels did not assume responsibility for and
did not perform any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
respective assets or liabilities of WebTrends or NetIQ, nor was Dain Rauscher
Wessels furnished with any evaluations or appraisals. Dain Rauscher Wessels did
not assume any obligation to conduct, and did not conduct, any physical
inspection of the property or facilities of WebTrends or NetIQ. Dain Rauscher
Wessels expressed no opinion as to the price at which shares of WebTrends
common stock or NetIQ common stock have traded or at which shares of common
stock of WebTrends, NetIQ or the combined company may trade at any time in the
future. Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion relates to WebTrends as a going concern
and accordingly, Dain Rauscher Wessels expressed no opinion based on WebTrends'
liquidation value. Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion is based on the economic,
market and other conditions as they existed and the information supplied to
Dain Rauscher Wessels as of the date of its opinion. Events occurring after the
date of Dain Rauscher Wessels' opinion may materially affect the assumptions
used in preparing the opinion, and Dain Rauscher Wessels assumes no obligation
to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

   Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed that the merger will be treated as a purchase
under generally accepted accounting principles and as a tax-free reorganization
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dain Rauscher Wessels also assumed that
in the course of obtaining necessary regulatory approvals and consents for the
merger, no restrictions will be imposed that will have a material adverse
effect on the contemplated benefits of the merger to WebTrends and its
shareholders.

   In arriving at its opinion, Dain Rauscher Wessels:

  . reviewed the financial terms of the draft merger agreement dated January
    14, 2001;

  . reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available financial and other data
    with respect to WebTrends and NetIQ and certain other historical relevant
    operating data relating to WebTrends and NetIQ made available to it from
    published sources and from the internal records of WebTrends and NetIQ;

  . conducted discussions with members of the senior management of WebTrends
    with respect to the business prospects and financial outlook of WebTrends
    and the combined company;

  . conducted discussions with members of the senior management of NetIQ with
    respect to the business prospects and financial outlook of NetIQ and the
    combined company;

  . reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for WebTrends common
    stock and NetIQ common stock;

  . compared the financial performance of WebTrends and the price of
    WebTrends common stock with that of other comparable publicly traded
    companies and their securities;

  . compared the premium implied by the exchange ratio with the premiums paid
    in selected precedent transactions;

  . compared each company's relative contribution to various income statement
    parameters with their pro-forma ownership in the combined company;

  . considered the projected pro forma effect of the merger on NetIQ's
    earnings per share; and

  . reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
    selected precedent transactions.

   WebTrends did not provide Dain Rauscher Wessels with forecasted financial
information beyond December 31, 2001, and, as a result of the limited forecast,
Dain Rauscher Wessels was unable to employ a discounted cash flow analysis.
Dain Rauscher Wessels conducted such other analyses and examinations and
considered such other financial, economic and market criteria as it deemed
necessary in arriving at its opinion.

   In delivering its opinion to the WebTrends board of directors, Dain Rauscher
Wessels prepared and delivered to the WebTrends' board of directors written
materials containing various analyses and other information material to the
opinion. Set forth below is a summary of these analyses, including information
presented in tabular format. To fully understand the summary of the financial
analyses used by Dain Rauscher Wessels, the tables must be read together with
the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analysis.

   Implied Consideration. Giving effect to the exchange ratio, resulting
implied value of NetIQ consideration of $36.81 per share of WebTrends common
stock (based on the closing trading price for NetIQ common stock on January 12,
2001 of $76.69) and the outstanding WebTrends common stock on a fully diluted
basis, Dain Rauscher Wessels calculated the aggregate implied enterprise value
of WebTrends to be approximately $971 million. Enterprise value is defined as
market capitalization, or equity value, plus debt less cash and cash
equivalents.

   Comparable Company Analysis. Dain Rauscher Wessels prepared a comparable
company analysis to analyze WebTrends' implied valuation relative to a group of
publicly traded companies that Dain Rauscher Wessels deemed for purposes of its
analysis to be comparable to WebTrends. In this analysis, Dain Rauscher Wessels
compared the enterprise value of WebTrends implied by the exchange ratio (based
on the trading price of NetIQ's common stock at closing on January 12, 2001),
expressed as a multiple of actual and projected revenue in calendar years 2000
and 2001, to the range, mean and median multiples of enterprise values of
comparable companies implied by the public trading price of their common stock,
expressed as a multiple of the same operating data. In addition, Dain Rauscher
Wessels compared the market capitalization or equity value of WebTrends implied
by the exchange ratio (based on the trading price of NetIQ's common stock at
closing on January 12, 2001), expressed as a multiple of price to earnings in
calendar years 2000 and 2001, to the range, mean and median price to earnings
multiples of comparable companies implied by the public trading

price of their common stock. Multiples of future revenue and earnings for
WebTrends were based on projected revenue and earnings as estimated by Dain
Rauscher Wessels institutional research and, for the comparable companies, on
publicly available estimates.

   Dain Rauscher Wessels compared enterprise value to revenue multiples and
price to earnings multiples of WebTrends' implied valuation with those of the
following publicly traded companies: Accrue Software, Inc.; Broadbase Software,
Inc.; E.piphany, Inc.; Informatica Corporation; Macromedia, Inc.; and
net.Genesis Corporation.

   The following table presents, as of January 12, 2001, and based on the 0.48
exchange ratio, WebTrends' implied enterprise value to revenue and price to
earnings multiples and the range, mean and median enterprise value to revenue
and price to earnings multiples for the aforementioned comparable companies for
calendar years 2000 and 2001:

                                     Comparable Companies        WebTrends
                                  -------------------------- (as implied by the
                                   Low   High   Mean  Median  Exchange Ratio)
                                  ----- ------ ------ ------ ------------------

Enterprise value as a ratio of:
  Projected calendar year 2000
   revenue.......................  0.7x  21.1x   8.9x  6.8x         16.2x
  Projected calendar year 2001
   revenue.......................  0.3x  10.9x   4.8x  3.5x          9.5x
Share price as a ratio of:
  Projected calendar year 2000
   earnings...................... 31.9x 277.1x 116.9x 41.5x        118.7x
  Projected calendar year 2001
   earnings...................... 10.6x 138.5x  59.3x 28.7x         73.6x

   Dain Rauscher Wessels also presented selected stock market price and volume
data and illustrated the relative stock performance of WebTrends against the
comparable companies described above, the Nasdaq Composite Index and NetIQ.

   Precedent Transaction Analysis. Dain Rauscher Wessels compared transaction
value to revenue multiples relating to the proposed acquisition of WebTrends by
NetIQ with transaction value to revenue multiples in selected precedent merger
and acquisition transactions involving companies in the software industry.
Transaction value, with respect to NetIQ's acquisition of WebTrends, is the
enterprise value as of January 12, 2001, and, with respect to precedent
transactions, is the enterprise value on the date of announcement of the
transaction. In selecting precedent transactions, Dain Rauscher Wessels
considered publicly traded software companies that announced transactions after
January 1, 2000, in which the transaction values at announcement were between
$250 million and $5 billion and last twelve month revenues were greater than
$10 million. Based on these criteria, the following nine transactions were
analyzed:

  . the acquisition of Bluestone Software, Inc. by Hewlett-Packard Co.,
    announced on October 24, 2000;

  . the acquisition of Janna Systems, Inc. by Siebel Systems, Inc., announced
    on September 11, 2000;

  . the acquisition of Blaze Software, Inc. by Brokat AG, announced on June
    20, 2000;

  . the acquisition of Active Software, Inc. by webMethods, Inc., announced
    on May 22, 2000;

  . the acquisition of Harbinger Corp. by Peregrine Systems, Inc., announced
    on April 5, 2000;

  . the acquisition of OnDisplay, Inc. by Vignette Corporation, announced on
    May 22, 2000;

  . the acquisition of Mission Critical Software, Inc. by NetIQ Corporation,
    announced on February 28, 2000;

  . the acquisition of Silknet Software, Inc. by Kana Communications, Inc.,
    announced on February 7, 2000; and

  . the acquisition of Interleaf, Inc. by Broadvision Software, Inc.,
    announced on January 26, 2000.

   For the purpose of calculating multiples, revenue was derived from both the
twelve month actual or estimated revenue of the target companies in the last
twelve months prior to the announcement of the transaction, or LTM revenue, as
well as twelve month estimated revenue of the target companies in the twelve
months following the announcement of the transaction, or FTM revenue. Financial
data regarding the precedent transactions was taken from SEC filings, press
releases, Dain Rauscher Wessels institutional research and other Wall Street
estimates. Dain Rauscher Wessels noted that public company valuations in the
software market have changed materially since the first quarter of the year. As
such, Dain Rauscher Wessels analyzed the precedent transactions both in terms
of the implied transaction value at announcement and an adjusted transaction
value as of January 12, 2001, which takes into account the changes in stock
prices of the acquirers since announcement.

   The following table compares the implied transaction multiple for the
transaction with the low, high, mean and median multiples for the selected
precedent transactions, as well as an adjusted transaction value, as of January
12, 2001, which takes into account the changes in stock prices of the acquirers
since announcement:

                                     Precedent Transaction
                                           Analysis              WebTrends
                                   ------------------------- (as implied by the
                                    Low   High  Mean  Median  Exchange Ratio)
                                   ----- ------ ----- ------ ------------------

Transaction value as of
 announcement as a ratio of:
  LTM revenue....................   9.3x 187.2x 49.5x 22.6x        16.2x
  FTM revenue....................   4.3x  97.4x 26.7x 16.3x         9.5x
Market-adjusted transaction value
 as of 1/12/01 as a ratio of:
  LTM revenue....................  -1.7x  40.8x 16.8x 15.4x        16.2x
  FTM revenue....................  -1.2x  26.8x  9.4x  8.0x         9.5x

   Premiums Paid Analysis. Dain Rauscher Wessels compared the implied premium
payable to holders of WebTrends common stock based on the exchange ratio to the
announced premiums in 169 stock-for-stock transactions announced since January
1, 1998, with transaction values greater than $100 million and which involved
public companies merging with or acquiring other public companies. In this
analysis, Dain Rauscher Wessels assumed an announcement date of January 16,
2001. Dain Rauscher Wessels compared WebTrends common stock price at
announcement implied by the exchange ratio to the WebTrends' price one day, one
week and one month prior to announcement to the price premiums for the same
periods for the targets in the selected transactions. Dain Rauscher Wessels
observed that the one day, one week and one month premiums implied by the
exchange ratio to WebTrends on a historic basis were 40%, 53% and 30%,
respectively, and on a moving average basis for the same periods were 40%, 42%
and 35%, respectively. The following table summarizes this analysis:

                          General Technology Precedent Transactions                   WebTrends'
                         --------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------
                            Low         High         Mean         Median     Historic Price Average Price
                         ----------  ----------   ----------   ------------  -------------- -------------

Time from announcement
 date:
  One day prior.........          1%        196%          38%           32%        40%            40%
  One week prior........        -24%        189%          45%           37%        53%            42%
  One month prior.......        -56%        233%          56%           48%        30%            35%

   Relative Contribution Analysis. Dain Rauscher Wessels analyzed the relative
contribution of each of WebTrends and NetIQ in calendar year 2001 in terms of
various financial statement categories relative to the pro forma combined
financial statements of the two stand-alone companies. The financial statement
categories included revenue, operating income and net income. Dain Rauscher
Wessels compared the relative contributions to the pro forma ownership
percentage of WebTrends and NetIQ security holders in the pro forma post-merger
combined company based on the fully-diluted equity ownership of the combined
entity, calculated using the treasury stock method of accounting on an
enterprise and equity value basis, assuming no synergies. Dain Rauscher Wessels
observed that, based upon the exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement,
the relative ownership of the combined company by WebTrends and NetIQ security
holders, on a fully diluted

equity value basis, would be 24.4% and 75.6%, respectively, at the close of the
merger. Dain Rauscher Wessels also noted that the implied WebTrends and NetIQ
pro forma ownership, on an enterprise value basis, would be 24.7% and 75.3%,
respectively. The following is a summary of this analysis for calendar 2001:

                                                                    Projected
                                                                  Calendar Year
                                                                     2001(1)
                                                                 ---------------
                                                                 WebTrends NetIQ
                                                                 --------- -----

     Revenue....................................................     32%     68%
     Operating Income...........................................     29%     71%
     Net Income.................................................     26%     74%

- --------
(1) Based on published research analyst estimates.

   Accretion/Dilution Analysis. Dain Rauscher Wessels analyzed the pro forma
impact of the transaction on the projected earnings per share of the combined
company for fiscal 2001 using published research analyst estimates for
WebTrends and NetIQ. Dain Rauscher Wessels estimated that the impact of the
transaction on the combined company's earnings per share would be accretive by
$0.02 in calendar 2001, excluding the impact of goodwill amortization and one-
time transaction related costs and assuming no synergies.

   The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves the
application of subjective business judgment in determining the most appropriate
and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods
to the particular circumstances and, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible
to partial consideration of the analyses or summary description. Dain Rauscher
Wessels believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of the analyses and of the factors considered, without
considering all factors and analyses, could create an incomplete or misleading
view of the processes underlying its opinion. In arriving at its fairness
determination, Dain Rauscher Wessels considered the results of all of its
analyses as well as qualitative factors, including the enhanced competitive
position of the combined company that is expected to result from offering a
broader suite of products, a stronger combined management team, and the greater
size and critical mass of the combined company. In view of the wide variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the fairness of the
merger consideration from a financial point of view, Dain Rauscher Wessels did
not find it practicable to assign relative weights to the factors considered in
reaching its opinion.

   No single company or transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison
is identical to WebTrends or NetIQ or the proposed merger. The analyses were
prepared solely for purposes of Dain Rauscher Wessels providing an opinion as
to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock
of WebTrends of the exchange ratio and do not purport to be appraisals or
necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may
be sold, which are inherently subject to uncertainty.

   In connection with its analyses, Dain Rauscher Wessels made, and was
provided by WebTrends' management, numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business and economic conditions and other
matters, many of which are beyond WebTrends' or NetIQ's control. Analyses based
upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual
future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses. Because such analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of
WebTrends, NetIQ or their advisors, none of WebTrends, NetIQ, Dain Rauscher
Wessels or any other person assumes responsibility if future results or actual
values are materially different from these forecasts or assumptions.

   Dain Rauscher Wessels is a nationally recognized investment banking firm and
is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. Dain
Rauscher Wessels regularly publishes research reports regarding the software
industry and the businesses and securities of publicly owned companies in that
industry. In the ordinary course of business, Dain Rauscher Wessels and its
affiliates may act as a market maker and broker in the publicly traded
securities of WebTrends and NetIQ and may receive customary compensation in
connection with those activities. Dain Rauscher Wessels and its affiliates may
also actively trade securities of

WebTrends and NetIQ for their own accounts or the accounts of their customers
and, accordingly, may from time to time hold a long or short position in those
securities. WebTrends selected Dain Rauscher Wessels to render its opinion
based on Dain Rauscher Wessels' knowledge of the software industry and its
experience in mergers and acquisitions and in securities valuation generally.

   Pursuant to an engagement letter, WebTrends paid Dain Rauscher Wessels a
customary fee upon the rendering of its opinion. Payment of this fee to Dain
Rauscher Wessels was not contingent upon the closing of the merger. WebTrends
has also agreed to pay Dain Rauscher Wessels a customary transaction fee upon
the closing of the merger for investment banking and financial advisory
services. The transaction fee is contingent upon the closing of the merger.
Whether or not the transaction closes, WebTrends has agreed to reimburse Dain
Rauscher Wessels for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify
Dain Rauscher Wessels against certain liabilities relating to or arising out of
services performed by Dain Rauscher Wessels in connection with merger. The
terms of the engagement letter, which WebTrends believes are customary for
transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arms'-length between WebTrends
and Dain Rauscher Wessels, and WebTrends' board of directors was aware of this
fee arrangement at the time of its approval of the merger agreement.

Recommendation of NetIQ's board of directors

   After careful consideration, the NetIQ board of directors has determined the
merger agreement and the merger to be fair to and in the best interests of
NetIQ and its stockholders. In connection with the merger, NetIQ's board of
directors unanimously recommends approval of the issuance of shares of NetIQ
common stock in the merger as described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Opinion of NetIQ's financial advisor

   NetIQ retained Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation to act as its
principal financial advisor in connection with the merger. In connection with
Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, NetIQ requested that Credit Suisse
First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to NetIQ of
the exchange ratio provided for in the merger. On January 15, 2001, the NetIQ
board of directors met to review the proposed merger and the final terms of the
merger agreement. During this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to
the NetIQ board of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in
writing on January 16, 2001, that, as of the date of the opinion and based upon
and subject to the various considerations set forth in the Credit Suisse First
Boston opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to
NetIQ.

   The full text of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, which sets forth,
among other things, assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Credit Suisse First
Boston in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference in its entirety. NetIQ
stockholders are urged to, and should, read the Credit Suisse First Boston
opinion carefully and in its entirety. The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion
addresses only the fairness of the exchange ratio to NetIQ from a financial
point of view as of the date of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion, and
does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote or act on any matter relating to the proposed merger.
The summary of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.

   In connection with its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston, among other
things,

  . reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents;

  . reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
    relating to NetIQ and WebTrends;

  . reviewed certain other information relating to NetIQ and WebTrends,
    including financial forecasts discussed with it by NetIQ and WebTrends,
    and met with the managements of NetIQ and WebTrends to discuss the
    businesses and prospects of NetIQ and WebTrends, including the ability to
    integrate the businesses of NetIQ and WebTrends;

  . considered certain financial and stock market data of NetIQ and WebTrends
    and compared that data with similar data for other publicly held
    companies in businesses similar to NetIQ and WebTrends;

  . considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
    certain other business combinations and other transactions which have
    recently been effected or announced; and

  . considered such other information, financial studies, analyses and
    investigations and financial, economic and market criteria which Credit
    Suisse First Boston deemed relevant.

   In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any
responsibility for independent verification of any of the foregoing information
and relied on such information being complete and accurate in all material
respects. With respect to financial forecasts that it reviewed, the managements
of NetIQ and WebTrends reviewed publicly available financial forecasts for
NetIQ and WebTrends, respectively, and advised Credit Suisse First Boston, and
Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, that such publicly available forecasts
represent reasonable estimates and judgments as to the future financial
performance of NetIQ and WebTrends, respectively. In addition, Credit Suisse
First Boston relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment of
the managements of NetIQ and WebTrends as to WebTrends' existing technology and
products, the validity of, and risks associated with, WebTrends' future
technology and products, and the ability to integrate the businesses of NetIQ
and WebTrends. NetIQ also informed Credit Suisse First Boston, and Credit
Suisse First Boston assumed, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization for federal income tax purposes. Credit Suisse First Boston was
not requested to make, and did not make, an independent evaluation or appraisal
of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of NetIQ or WebTrends,
nor was Credit Suisse First Boston furnished with any such evaluations or
appraisals. The Credit Suisse First Boston opinion is necessarily based upon
information available to it, and financial, economic, market and other
conditions as they existed and could be evaluated, on the date of the Credit
Suisse First Boston opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any
opinion as to what the value of the NetIQ common stock actually will be when
issued pursuant to the merger or the prices at which shares of NetIQ common
stock will trade at any time.

   In preparing its opinion to NetIQ, Credit Suisse First Boston performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses. The preparation of a fairness
opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and of the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses
and factors, could create a misleading view of the processes underlying the
Credit Suisse First Boston opinion. No company or transaction used in the
analysis performed by Credit Suisse First Boston as a comparison is identical
to NetIQ, WebTrends or the contemplated merger. In addition, Credit Suisse
First Boston may have given various analyses more or less weight than other
analyses, and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than
other assumptions, so that the range of valuation resulting from any particular
analysis described below should not be taken to be Credit Suisse First Boston's
view of the actual value of NetIQ or WebTrends. In performing its analyses,
Credit Suisse First Boston made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of NetIQ or WebTrends. The analyses performed
by Credit Suisse First Boston are not necessarily indicative of actual values
or actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than suggested by such analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of
businesses or assets do not purport to be appraisals or to necessarily reflect
the prices at which businesses or assets may actually be sold. The analyses
performed were prepared solely as part of Credit Suisse First Boston's analysis
of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to NetIQ
and were provided to the board of directors of NetIQ in connection with the
delivery of the Credit Suisse First Boston opinion.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Credit Suisse First Boston in connection with the preparation of its opinion,
and reviewed with the NetIQ board of directors at a meeting of the NetIQ board
of directors held on January 15, 2001. Certain of the summaries of those
financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. In order to
understand fully the material financial analyses

used by Credit Suisse First Boston, the tables should be read together with the
text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description
of the material financial analyses.

   Historical Stock Price Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the
prices at which WebTrends common stock traded since WebTrends' initial public
offering on February 19, 1999 through January 12, 2001. Credit Suisse First
Boston noted that the high closing price of WebTrends common stock was $85.50
on March 22, 2000, and that the low closing price of WebTrends common stock was
$12.00 on February 23, 1999. Credit Suisse First Boston also noted the average
closing price of WebTrends common stock over various periods prior to January
12, 2001, as summarized below:

                                                                         Average
     Period Prior to                                                     Closing
     January 12, 2001                                                     Price
     ----------------                                                    -------

     Current............................................................ $26.38
     Last 5 trading days................................................ $25.93
     Last 10 trading days............................................... $26.63
     Last 30 trading days............................................... $27.94
     Last 60 trading days............................................... $29.14
     Last 90 trading days............................................... $30.46

   Public Company Trading Valuation Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston
compared certain financial information of WebTrends with that of other
companies involved in several sectors of the software industry, including:

    . Web performance/customer            .  Security software companies
      analysis software companies
      WebTrends Corporation               Symantec Corp
      Engage, Inc.                        Internet Security Systems, Inc.
      Accrue Software, Inc.               Netegrity, Inc.
      Net.Genesis, Corp.                  Entrust Technologies, Inc.
                                          Checkpoint Systems, Inc.
                                          BindView Development, Corp
                                          Secure Computing Corp.

    . Business intelligence software      . eCustomer relationship management
      companies                             (eCRM) software companies
      Informatica Corp.                   Siebel Systems, Inc.
      E.piphany, Inc.                     Broadvision, Inc.
      Business Objects, SA                Vignette Corp.
      Cognos, Inc.                        Interwoven, Inc.
      Broadbase Software, Inc.            Art Technology Group, Inc.
                                          Kana Communications, Inc.
                                          Selectica, Inc.

    . Systems and performance             . Web development tools software
      management software companies         companies
      Veritas Software Corp.              Rational Software Corp.
      BMC Software, Inc.                  Mercury Interactive, Inc.
      Micromuse, Inc.                     Macromedia, Inc.
      Quest Software, Inc.                Embarcadero Technologies, Inc.
      Infovista SA                        SERENA Software, Inc.
      NetScout Systems, Inc.

   Such information included, among other things, stock prices as multiples of
earnings per share for estimated calendar year 2000, 2001 and 2002, and the
multiples of aggregate value, defined as market capitalization plus total debt
less cash and cash equivalents to estimated revenue for calendar year 2000,
2001 and 2002. The multiples were calculated using publicly available
information and consensus forecasts by securities research analysts. The
analysis was based upon the closing stock prices for all of the companies as of
January 12, 2001. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                    Price/Earnings    Aggregate Value/Estimated
                                       Multiples      Revenue for Calendar Year
                                  ------------------- --------------------------
                                   2000   2001  2002    2000     2001    2002
                                  ------ ------ ----- -------- -------- --------

WebTrends.......................   84.0x  52.3x 34.5x    10.8x     6.4x    3.6x
Web performance / Customer
 analysis software (median).....   84.0x  34.4x 21.0x     1.5x     1.1x    0.7x
Business intelligence software
 (median).......................   65.5x  50.7x 30.3x     7.2x     5.4x    3.8x
Systems and performance
 management software (median)...  143.6x  97.7x 66.7x    30.5x    14.0x    8.4x
Security software (median)......  128.1x  44.5x 22.8x     5.7x     3.8x    2.6x
eCustomer relationship
 management (eCRM) software
 (median).......................  122.0x 106.7x 54.8x    10.1x     5.4x    3.6x
Web development tools (median)..   71.2x  57.8x 43.6x    13.1x     9.5x    7.0x

   Comparative Stock Price Performance. Credit Suisse First Boston also
reviewed the recent stock price performance of NetIQ and compared its
performance with WebTrends and indices comprised of the selected companies in
each of the Web Performance, Business Intelligence, Performance Management and
Security categories and the Nasdaq composite index over the period from January
3, 2000 through January 12, 2001. The following table sets forth the
increase/(decrease) in stock prices over such period:

                                                                Stock Price
                                                           Increase / (Decrease)
                                                                   from
                                                           01/03/00 to 01/12/01
                                                           ---------------------

   NetIQ..................................................           32%
   WebTrends..............................................          (29%)
   Web performance software...............................          (95%)
   Business intelligence software.........................          (47%)
   Performance management software........................          (31%)
   Security software......................................          (46%)
   Nasdaq.................................................          (34%)

   Transaction Multiples. Credit Suisse First Boston calculated several values
implied by the exchange ratio, including the implied price per WebTrends share,
the fully diluted equity value and aggregate value of WebTrends and the pro
forma fully diluted ownership of NetIQ by WebTrends shareholders, as well as
the multiples of the implied aggregate transaction value and equity value to
WebTrends' projected revenues and earnings for 2000 and 2001. The following
table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                                                                   Equity
                                           Pro Forma Fully     Aggregate Value/    Value/
                                          Diluted Ownership       WebTrends      WebTrends
 Implied      Implied      WebTrends   -----------------------    Estimated      Estimated
Price per    WebTrends     Aggregate                 WebTrends     Revenues       Earnings
WebTrends  Fully Diluted  Transaction      NetIQ     Ownership -----------------------------
  Share     Equity Value     Value     Shares Issued in NetIQ    2000    2001    2000  2001
- ---------  -------------- ------------ ------------- --------- -------- -------------- -----

 $36.81    $1,059 million $972 million 13.81 million   24.1%   16.2x    9.6x    117.3x 73.0x

   Selected Precedent Transactions. Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
publicly available financial terms of selected precedent transactions,
including the following four acquisitions in the software industry:

  . Acquisition of Andromedia by Macromedia

  . Acquisition of Blaze Software by Brokat Infosystems

  . Acquisition of OnDisplay by Vignette

  . Acquisition of Sterling Software by Computer Associates

   Credit Suisse First Boston compared the financial terms for the precedent
transactions listed above to comparable financial terms for the merger. Credit
Suisse First Boston considered the premiums paid in such transactions and
calculated the WebTrends share price and exchange ratio implied by such
premiums. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered the aggregate value paid
in such transactions as a multiple of revenue of the acquired company in such
transactions for the 12 months preceding such transactions and calculated the
WebTrends share price and exchange ratio implied by such multiples. The
following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

                                    Premium
   Selected Precedent     --------------------------- Aggregate Value/Estimated Revenues
 Software Transactions    Current Price 30-Days Price Twelve Months Prior to Acquisition
 ---------------------    ------------- ------------- ----------------------------------

Andromedia / Macromedia
Premium/Multiple........       NA            NA                       49.3x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................       NA            NA                    $100.84
Implied Exchange Ratio..       NA            NA                      1.315x

Blaze Software / Brokat
 Infosystems
Premium/Multiple........      133.4%        162.6%                    24.9x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................     $61.56        $66.48                  $ 53.62
Implied Exchange Ratio..      0.803x        0.867x                   0.699x

OnDisplay / Vignette
Premium/Multiple........       30.0%          3.3%                    97.6x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................     $34.29        $26.15                  $194.32
Implied Exchange Ratio..      0.447x        0.341x                   2.534x

Sterling Software /
 Computer Associates
Premium/Multiple........       21.9%         29.1%                     4.1x
Implied WebTrends Share
 Price..................     $32.14        $32.68                  $ 12.68
Implied Exchange Ratio..      0.419x        0.426x                   0.165x

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed 88 precedent software transactions to
the comparable financial statistics for WebTrends and NetIQ based on the
exchange ratio and the closing prices of WebTrends and NetIQ common stock as of
January 12, 2001. The following table summarizes the results of this analysis:

    Exchange Ratio Premiums Paid in 88 Precedent Software Transactions Since
                               September 1, 1993

                            Last Twelve
                              Months    Trailing Trailing Trailing Trailing
                              Average   90 Days  60 Days  30 Days  10 Days  Market  Average
                            ----------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ------  -------

   Median Premium..........     13.90%    28.30%   31.90%   33.00%   31.80%  28.10%  27.80%
   Average Premium.........     14.70%    31.90%   37.80%   39.20%   37.00%  32.20%  32.10%
   Merger Exchange Ratio
   Implied by the Median
    Premium................     0.761x    0.533x   0.444x   0.444x   0.482x  0.441x  0.525x
   WebTrends Share Price...   $ 58.35    $40.85   $34.05   $34.03   $36.99  $33.79  $40.25
   Premium to Current
    Market.................    121.20%    54.90%   29.10%   29.00%   40.20%  28.10%  52.60%

No transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent software transaction
analyses is identical to the merger. In evaluating the merger, Credit Suisse
First Boston made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of WebTrends and NetIQ,
such as the impact of competition on the businesses of WebTrends and NetIQ and
the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material
change in the financial condition and prospects of WebTrends and NetIQ or the
industry or in the financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such as
determining the average or the median, is not in itself a meaningful method of
using comparable transaction data.

   Contribution Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed the relative
contributions of WebTrends and NetIQ to the pro forma total revenues, gross
profit, operating income and net income of the combined company, based on
estimates for calendar years 2000 and 2001 prepared by securities research
analysts regarding WebTrends and NetIQ. Credit Suisse First Boston derived the
WebTrends pro forma ownership of the combined company, the exchange ratio, the
WebTrends value per share and the premium to WebTrends' recent closing price
implied by such relative contributions. The following table summarizes the
results of this analysis setting forth the range of results for the calendar
years 2000 and 2001:

                                                                              Implied
                                                                            Premium/ to
                               Implied                        Implied         Current
                              WebTrends       Implied     WebTrends Share WebTrends Share
                              Ownership   Exchange Ratio       Price           Price
                            ------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------

   Total Revenue........... 36.1% - 30.8% 0.884x - 0.698x $67.82 - $53.51 157.1% - 102.9%
   Gross Profit............ 35.0% - 30.0% 0.841x - 0.671x $64.52 - $51.49 144.6% -  95.2%
   Operating Income........ 33.4% - 28.2% 0.784x - 0.615x $60.13 - $47.20 128.0% -  79.0%
   Net Income.............. 30.2% - 26.4% 0.678x - 0.561x $52.00 - $42.99  97.2% -  63.0%

   Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston compared the
average of the exchange ratios of the closing price of WebTrends common stock
to the closing price of NetIQ common stock for each trading day over various
periods ended January 12, 2001. The following table sets forth such average
exchange ratios for various periods ended January 12, 2001 and the
premium/(discount) represented by the average exchange ratios when compared to
the market exchange ratio on January 12, 2001 of 0.344x and the exchange ratio
in the merger of 0.480x:

                                            Premium/(Discount) of Premium/(Discount) of
                                             the Current Market        the Merger
                                Average      Exchange Ratio over   Exchange Ratio over
   Period Prior to January   Exchange Ratio      the Average      the Average Exchange
   12, 2001                   over Period      Exchange Ratio             Ratio
   -----------------------   -------------- --------------------- ---------------------

   Current.................      0.344x               0.0%                 39.6%
   Last 10 trading days....      0.366x              (6.0)%                31.2%
   Last 30 trading days....      0.334x               3.1%                 43.8%
   Last 45 trading days....      0.335x               2.6%                 43.3%
   Last 60 trading days....      0.337x               2.2%                 42.6%
   Last 90 trading days....      0.415x             (17.1)%                15.7%
   Last 180 trading days...      0.578x             (40.5)%               (17.0)%
   Since October 1, 1999...      0.677x             (49.2)%               (29.1)%

   Pro Forma Earnings Impact Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed
certain pro forma effects expected to result from the merger, including, among
other things, the expected effect of the merger on the estimated earnings and
revenue for the second and third quarters of calendar year 2001 and for the
calendar year 2001. The following table sets forth the resulting
accretion/(dilution) to the combined company's earnings and revenue for the
second and third quarters of calendar year 2001 and calendar year 2001 based on
such estimates:

                                                                  Revenue per Share
        Earnings per Share Accretion/(Dilution)                  Accretion/(Dilution)
      ---------------------------------------------------        --------------------
      Q2, 2001       Q3, 2001         Calendar Year 2001          Calendar Year 2001
      --------       --------         ------------------         --------------------

        4.9%           7.6%                  6.2%                        12.0%

   The actual results achieved by the combined company after the merger may
vary from such estimated results and the variations may be material.

   Terminal Value Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the present
value for WebTrends common stock using various assumptions, including (i)
compound annual revenue growth rates for 2001 to 2003 ranging from 40% to 60%,
(ii) exit multiples of next twelve month price/earnings ratios ranging from 50
times to 60 times, (iii) exit multiples of next twelve month revenues ranging
from 6.0 times to 8.0 times, (iv) operating margins ranging from 17% to 20%,
and (v) discount rates ranging from 15% to 20%. The following table sets forth
the present values for shares of WebTrends common stock implied by such
analysis assuming a 17% operating margin:

                                           Compound Annual Revenue Growth Rates
                                                (Calendar Year 2001--2003)
    Terminal Forward Exit                 --------------------------------------
           Multiple         Discount Rate      40%          50%          60%
    ---------------------   ------------- ------------ ------------ ------------

   Price/Earnings Exit
    Multiple
     50x...................     15.0%     $         32 $         36 $         40
                                20.0%     $         29 $         33 $         36
     60x...................     15.0%     $         38 $         43 $         48
                                20.0%     $         35 $         39 $         44

   Revenue Exit Multiple
     50x...................     15.0%     $         31 $         35 $         40
                                20.0%     $         28 $         32 $         36
     60x...................     15.0%     $         40 $         46 $         52
                                20.0%     $         37 $         42 $         48

   Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and presentation to the NetIQ board of
directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by the NetIQ board
of directors in making its determination to recommend the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby. Consequently, the analyses described
above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the NetIQ board
of directors or the management of NetIQ with respect to the value of WebTrends
or whether the NetIQ board of directors would have been willing to agree to a
different exchange ratio.

   The NetIQ board of directors retained Credit Suisse First Boston to act as
its principal financial advisor in connection with the merger. Credit Suisse
First Boston was selected by the NetIQ board of directors based on Credit
Suisse First Boston's qualifications, expertise and reputation. Credit Suisse
First Boston has in the past provided financial and investment banking services
to NetIQ for which Credit Suisse First Boston received compensation. Credit
Suisse First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm. Credit Suisse First Boston, as part of its investment banking
business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes. In the ordinary course of its business, Credit

Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of
NetIQ and WebTrends for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such
securities.

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 15, 2000, NetIQ engaged
Credit Suisse First Boston to provide financial advisory services to the NetIQ
board of directors in connection with the merger, including, among other
things, rendering its opinion and making the presentation referred to above.
Pursuant to the terms of the engagement letter, NetIQ has agreed to pay Credit
Suisse First Boston a customary fee in connection therewith, a significant
portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the merger, and the NetIQ
Board of directors was aware of this fee arrangement at the time of its
approval of the merger agreement. Credit Suisse First Boston will also receive
a fee for rendering its opinion. In addition, NetIQ has agreed to reimburse
Credit Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including attorney's
fees, incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify Credit Suisse
First Boston and certain related persons against certain liabilities and
expenses arising out of or in conjunction with its rendering of services under
its engagement, including liabilities arising under the federal securities
laws.

Interests of certain persons in the merger

   In considering the recommendations of WebTrends' board of directors with
respect to the merger agreement, WebTrends shareholders should be aware that
certain directors and members of management of WebTrends have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, their interests as WebTrends
shareholders generally. The names and titles of the individuals who are
directors or executive officers of WebTrends and who are known to have these
additional interests are listed below. WebTrends' board of directors was aware
of these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the
merger.

  NetIQ Board of Directors After the Merger

   NetIQ has agreed to take action to have Elijahu Shapira, currently the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WebTrends, elected to the NetIQ board.
See "The Merger Agreement--NetIQ Board and Management."

  Stock Options and Stock Awards; Change in Control Arrangements

   Certain directors and executive officers of WebTrends have agreements with
WebTrends that provide for the acceleration of a portion of their unvested
options in connection with the merger. The following table summarizes such
provisions with respect to each outstanding option for each such director or
executive officer:

                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                    Shares that     unvested shares
                                                                  will be unvested that become vested
        Option Holder                     Position                  as of 3/1/01      upon merger
        -------------                     --------                ---------------- ------------------

   Daniel Meub............. Chief Operating Officer                   312,630              39%
   Mark Reed............... Senior VP of Corporate Development        200,000              50%
   James T. Richardson..... Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer     324,790              64%
   John Ryan............... Director                                   48,552             100%
   Srivats Sampath......... Director                                   41,052             100%

   In addition, the portion of such options that remain unvested after the
merger will become vested in the event that the option holder's employment with
or service to the combined company should be terminated within two years after
the merger other than by voluntary termination by the option holder. In
addition to the persons named above, certain employees of Webtrends who are not
directors or executive officers will receive partial acceleration of their
options as a result of the merger.

  Other Employee Benefits

   Elijahu Shapira, the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
WebTrends, and W. Glen Boyd, the current President and Chief Technical Officer
of WebTrends, entered into employment agreements with NetIQ dated January 16,
2001, that provide for the terms of their employment with NetIQ following the
merger. The agreements provide that Mr. Shapira shall serve as Chief Strategy
Officer of NetIQ and that Mr. Boyd shall serve as Chief Information Officer of
NetIQ. Set forth below is a description of the material terms of these
agreements.

   Compensation. Both employment agreements provide for the following
compensation arrangements:

  . payment of an annual base salary of not less than $200,000;

  . eligibility for an annual bonus, the target amount of which must be at
    least $100,000, in accordance with NetIQ's usual bonus arrangements for
    similarly situated executives; and

  . grant of an option to purchase 312,500 shares of WebTrends' common stock
    immediately prior to the merger under the terms of WebTrends' stock
    option plan, which grant shall be assumed by NetIQ upon consummation of
    the merger. Based on the exchange ratio in the merger, each option will
    become an option to purchase approximately 150,000 shares of NetIQ common
    stock. The option grants are subject to a vesting schedule as follows:
    25% of the shares subject to option will vest on the first anniversary of
    the merger, an additional 25% will vest on the second anniversary of the
    merger and the remaining 50% will vest on the third anniversary, assuming
    in each case the executive's continued employment with NetIQ.

   Other Benefits. Both executives will, at the effective time, enter into
NetIQ's standard director and officer indemnification agreement and change of
control severance agreement that NetIQ has entered into with similarly situated
executives. Under NetIQ's standard executive officer change of control
severance agreement, an executive who is terminated involuntarily within the
12-month period following a change of control is entitled to up to six months
of continuing base salary payments as well as full acceleration of all options
granted to such executive.

   Under these change of control severance agreements, involuntary termination
is defined to include (1) a significant reduction of the executive's duties,
position or responsibilities, (2) substantial reduction of the facilities and
perquisites available to the executive, (3) reduction of base salary, (4)
material reduction in benefits, (5) relocation to a facility more than 50 miles
from executive's then current location, (6) termination by NetIQ without cause
and (7) failure of NetIQ to obtain assumption of the change in control
severance agreement by any successor to NetIQ. Cause is defined under these
agreements to include (1) any action of personal dishonesty by the executive in
connection with his responsibilities intended to result in substantial personal
enrichment of the executive, (2) conviction of a felony that would have a
material detrimental effect on NetIQ, (3) a willful act of misconduct that is
injurious to NetIQ, and (4) continued willful violations of executive's duties
after notice from NetIQ of executive's failure to perform his duties.

   Limitations on Dispositions. Each executive will be subject to NetIQ's
insider trading policies for the duration of his status as an affiliate of
NetIQ. Subject to the blackout periods imposed by NetIQ's insider trading
policies during which NetIQ's directors, officers and certain other insiders
may not trade in NetIQ's securities, each executive will be permitted to sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of up to 250,000 shares of NetIQ common stock per
quarter during the first year after the merger. This quarterly allowance may be
increased to up to 500,000 shares if NetIQ has imposed in a previous quarter
special blackout periods exceeding the number of days specified under the
employment agreement and to the extent that during such quarter, the executive
did not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the full quarterly allowance of
250,000 shares. Each executive will be permitted to establish a written
agreement for the distribution of their shares of NetIQ common stock pursuant
to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The plan will specify
that, to the extent practicable, sales will be made in the first fifteen days
after the opening of the regular quarterly trading window following NetIQ's
quarterly earnings release. If an executive enters into such an agreement,
NetIQ has agreed not to impose a blackout period on the executive during such
fifteen-day period.

   If the employment of either executive is terminated by NetIQ for cause or by
the executive without good reason during the first year of such executive's
employment, such executive shall no longer be able to sell his quarterly
allowance of shares until after the first anniversary of the merger or for such
longer period not to exceed three months, determined pursuant to a formula
provided in the employment agreement.

   Under the employment agreements, cause is defined to include (1) executive's
willful failure to perform his duties as an executive, (2) material dishonesty
in the performance of executive's duties, (3), executive's conviction of a
felony, (4) willful breach of the employment agreement and other agreements, as
well as willful breach of fiduciary duty, and (5) any other willful act or
omission that is materially injurious to the financial condition or business
reputation of NetIQ.

   Under the employment agreements, good reason is defined to include (1)
reduction in executive's annual base salary or benefits that are not generally
applicable to similarly situated executives, (2) a material adverse change in
executive's status, title, position or material responsibilities or (3)
relocation, without executive's consent, of executive to a location more than
50 miles away from WebTrends' facilities in Portland, Oregon.

   Non-competition and Non-solicitation. Each executive has agreed not to work
for, make a significant investment in or otherwise participate in the affairs
of any company that competes with NetIQ's business as it exists immediately
after the merger for a period beginning at the completion of the merger and
ending on the second anniversary of the merger. For the same period, each
executive has agreed (1) not to solicit or otherwise divert NetIQ's customers,
suppliers or other business partners and (2) not to solicit or recruit
employees of NetIQ.

  Indemnification and Insurance

   Under the merger agreement, NetIQ has agreed to:

  . indemnify and hold harmless present or former directors or officers of
    WebTrends or its subsidiaries for a period of six years for all acts or
    omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger, including
    the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, to the same extent
    these persons are indemnified and held harmless in WebTrends' articles of
    incorporation or bylaws or under Oregon law as of the date of the merger
    agreement, and

  . provide an insurance and indemnification policy that grants WebTrends'
    officers and directors in office immediately prior to the effective time
    of the merger coverage no less favorable than WebTrends' policy in effect
    as of the date of the merger agreement, provided, however, that in
    satisfying such obligation NetIQ shall not be obligated to pay annual
    premiums in excess of $1.0 million. NetIQ has agreed to make arrangements
    for the assumption of these obligations in the event of a subsequent
    merger or sale of NetIQ or WebTrends.

   See "The Merger Agreement--Principal Covenants--Benefits Continuation" for a
description of the benefits provided by the merger agreement for employees of
WebTrends generally.

Restrictions on sales of shares by affiliates

   The shares of NetIQ common stock to be issued in the merger will be
registered under the Securities Act. These shares will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of NetIQ common stock issued to any
person who is an affiliate of WebTrends or NetIQ. Persons who may be deemed to
be affiliates include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by,
or are under common control of WebTrends or NetIQ and may include some of their
respective officers and directors, as well as their respective principal
stockholders. Affiliates may not sell their shares of NetIQ common stock
acquired in the merger except pursuant to (1) an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of those shares, (2) an
exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or (3) any
other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

Completion and effectiveness of the merger

   The merger will be completed when all of the conditions to completion of the
merger are satisfied or waived, including approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger by the shareholders of WebTrends and approval of the
issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger by stockholders of NetIQ. The
merger will become effective upon the filing of the articles of merger with the
State of Oregon.

Structure of the merger and conversion of WebTrends common stock

   Pursuant to the merger agreement, North Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of NetIQ, will merge with and into WebTrends. WebTrends will
then be a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ.

   Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding share of WebTrends common
stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.48 shares of NetIQ common
stock. No fractional shares of NetIQ common stock will be issued pursuant to
the merger. In lieu of the issuance of any fractional shares of NetIQ common
stock, WebTrends shareholders will receive cash equal to the product of such
fractional share amount, after aggregating all fractional shares to which a
former holder of WebTrends common stock would be entitled, and the average
closing price of NetIQ common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market
for the five trading days immediately preceding the effectiveness of the
merger. Options to purchase shares of WebTrends common stock will be converted
into options to purchase shares of NetIQ common stock after completion of the
merger. The number of shares covered by, and the exercise price for, each
option will be adjusted using the merger exchange ratio of 0.48 shares of NetIQ
for each share of WebTrends.

Material U.S. federal income tax consequences

   The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations and
court decisions as in effect as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive
effect.

   This discussion only addresses shares of WebTrends common stock held as
capital assets. It does not address all aspects of federal income taxation that
may be important to a WebTrends shareholder in light of that shareholder's
particular circumstances or to a WebTrends shareholder subject to special
rules, such as:

  . a shareholder who is not a citizen or resident of the United States;

  . a financial institution or insurance company;

  . a tax-exempt organization;

  . a dealer or broker in securities;

  . a shareholder that holds WebTrends common stock as part of a hedge,
    appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion transaction; or

  . a shareholder who acquired WebTrends common stock pursuant to the
    exercise of options or otherwise as compensation.

   Tax Opinions. NetIQ has received an opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell, and
WebTrends has received an opinion of Perkins Coie LLP, each dated as of the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, that the merger will be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and that NetIQ, its merger
subsidiary and WebTrends will each be a party to that reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. It is a condition to
the obligation of each of NetIQ and WebTrends to complete the merger that the
relevant tax counsel confirm its opinion as of the closing date. Neither NetIQ
nor WebTrends intends to waive this condition.

   The opinions of tax counsel regarding the merger have relied, and the
confirmation opinions regarding the merger as of the closing date will each
rely, on (1) representations and covenants made by NetIQ and WebTrends,
including those contained in certificates of officers of NetIQ and WebTrends,
and (2) specified assumptions, including an assumption regarding the completion
of the merger in the manner contemplated by the merger agreement. In addition,
the opinions of tax counsel have assumed, and tax counsel's ability to provide
the closing date opinions will depend on, the absence of changes in existing
facts or in law between the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
the closing date. If any of those representations, covenants or assumptions is
inaccurate, either or both tax counsel may not be able to provide the required
closing date opinions or the tax consequences of the merger could differ from
those described in the opinions that tax counsel have delivered. Tax counsel's
opinions neither bind the Internal Revenue Service nor preclude the IRS or the
courts from adopting a contrary position. Neither NetIQ nor WebTrends intends
to obtain a ruling from the IRS on the tax consequences of the merger.

   U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the Merger. The merger will be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and NetIQ, its merger subsidiary
and WebTrends will each be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. Neither NetIQ, its merger
subsidiary nor WebTrends will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes as a result of the merger.

   U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to WebTrends Shareholders Who
Participate in the Merger. For U.S. federal income tax purposes:

  . A holder of WebTrends common stock will not recognize any gain or loss
    upon its exchange of shares of WebTrends common stock for shares of NetIQ
    common stock;

  . If a holder of WebTrends common stock receives cash instead of a
    fractional share of NetIQ common stock, the holder will be required to
    recognize gain or loss, measured by the difference between the amount of
    cash received instead of that fractional share and the portion of the tax
    basis of that holder's shares of WebTrends common stock allocable to that
    fractional share. This gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and
    will be long-term capital gain or loss if the share of WebTrends common
    stock exchanged for that fractional share of NetIQ common stock was held
    for more than one year at the effective time of the merger;

  . A holder of WebTrends common stock will have a tax basis in the NetIQ
    common stock received in the merger equal to (1) the tax basis of the
    WebTrends common stock surrendered by that holder in the merger, less (2)
    any tax basis of the WebTrends common stock surrendered that is allocable
    to any fractional share of NetIQ common stock for which cash is received;
    and

  . The holding period for shares of NetIQ common stock received in exchange
    for shares of WebTrends common stock in the merger will include the
    holding period for the shares of WebTrends common stock surrendered in
    the merger.

   U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to NetIQ Shareholders. For U.S. federal
income tax purposes, holders of NetIQ common stock will not recognize gain or
loss as a result of the merger.

   This discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences is not a
complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger. This discussion does not address tax consequences
that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual circumstances. In
addition, it does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local
tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, we strongly urge the WebTrends
shareholders to consult their own tax advisors to determine the particular U.S.
federal, state or local or foreign income or other tax consequences of the
merger to such shareholder.

Accounting treatment of the merger

   The acquisition will be accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. The purchase price will be allocated to assets and liabilities of
WebTrends and such assets and liabilities will be recorded at their respective
fair values upon completion of the merger. A portion of the purchase price may
be identified as in-process research and development. This amount, if any, will
be charged to NetIQ's operations in the quarter the merger is completed and the
acquisition accounting and valuation amounts are finalized. Furthermore, a
portion of the purchase price equal to the intrinsic value of the unvested
options assumed in the merger will be allocated to deferred stock-based
compensation, which will be amortized over the remaining vesting period of
these options. The remaining purchase price will be reflected as goodwill and
other intangible assets. Currently, accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States require that all intangible assets, including goodwill, be
amortized over the useful lives of such assets. However, if current FASB
proposals become effective, certain intangible assets, including goodwill, will
be maintained on the balance sheet rather than being amortized, although they
may eventually be written down to the extent that they are deemed to be
impaired. The results of operations and cashflows of WebTrends will be included
in NetIQ's financial statements prospectively as of the consummation of the
merger.

Regulatory filings and approvals required to complete the merger

   U.S. Antitrust. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, or the HSR Act, and the related rules, the merger may not be completed
until NetIQ, WebTrends and certain shareholders of WebTrends notify and furnish
information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice and specified waiting period requirements
have been satisfied. In connection with the merger, on January 26, 2001, NetIQ,
WebTrends and certain shareholders of WebTrends each filed with the FTC and the
Antitrust Division the required notification and report forms under the HSR
Act. The applicable waiting period under the HSR Act relating to the merger was
terminated on February 7, 2001.

   Notwithstanding termination of the HSR Act waiting period, at any time
before or after the completion of the merger, either the Antitrust Division or
the FTC could take any action under U.S. antitrust laws as it deems necessary
or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion
of the merger or seeking the divestiture of substantial assets of NetIQ or
WebTrends. Private parties and state attorneys general may also bring actions
under U.S. antitrust laws depending on the circumstances. Although we believe
that the merger is legal under U.S. antitrust laws, we can give no assurance
that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if
this challenge is made, that it would not be successful.

   Other Laws. NetIQ and WebTrends conduct operations in a number of other
jurisdictions where regulatory filings, notifications or approvals with
applicable commissions and other authorities may be required or advisable in
connection with completion of the merger. NetIQ and WebTrends are currently
reviewing whether other filings or approvals may be required or desirable in
these other jurisdictions. We recognize that some of these filings may not be
completed before the closing, and that some of these approvals, which are not
required to be obtained prior to effectiveness of a merger, may also not be
obtained before the closing of the merger.

   General. It is possible that governmental entities having jurisdiction over
NetIQ and WebTrends may seek regulatory concessions as conditions for granting
approval of the merger. A regulatory body's approval may contain terms or
impose conditions or restrictions relating or applying to, or requiring changes
in or limitations on, the operation or ownership of any asset or business of
NetIQ, WebTrends or any of their subsidiaries, or NetIQ's ownership of
WebTrends, or requiring asset divestitures, which conditional approval could
reasonably be expected to result in a substantial detriment to NetIQ, WebTrends
and their subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after the closing. If such an
approval requires these kinds of restrictions, conditions, changes, limitations
or divestitures, either NetIQ or WebTrends can decline to close under the
merger agreement. We

can give no assurance that the required regulatory approvals will be obtained
on terms that satisfy the conditions to closing of the merger or are within the
time frame contemplated by NetIQ and WebTrends. See "The Merger Agreement--
Principal Conditions to Completion of the Merger."

No dissenters' rights

   WebTrends' shareholders will not have dissenters' rights of appraisal under
Oregon law with respect to the merger because WebTrends' common stock is traded
on the Nasdaq National Market.

   NetIQ's stockholders will not have appraisal rights under Delaware law with
respect to the merger because:

  . NetIQ's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market; and

  . NetIQ stockholders will continue to hold their shares after the merger.

Listing on Nasdaq of NetIQ common stock to be issued in the merger

   NetIQ has agreed to cause the shares of common stock to be issued in the
merger to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market.

Delisting and deregistration of WebTrends common stock after the merger

   If the merger is completed, WebTrends' common stock will be delisted from
the Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

   The merger agreement contemplates the merger of North Acquisition
Corporation, a subsidiary of NetIQ, with and into WebTrends, with WebTrends
surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ. The merger will
become effective at the effective time in accordance with the articles of
merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Oregon. We
anticipate that we will make these filings as soon as practicable after the
last of the conditions precedent to the merger, as set forth in the merger
agreement, has been satisfied or waived. The merger agreement obligates NetIQ
to have the shares of NetIQ common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger listed for trading on the Nasdaq National Market. The following
description of the merger agreement may not contain all the information about
it that is important to you. We thus encourage you to refer to the agreement
itself, which we attach as Annex A and incorporate by reference.

Merger Consideration

   At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of
WebTrends common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.48 shares
of NetIQ common stock. Cash will be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of
NetIQ common stock that would otherwise be issuable.

Exchange of Shares

   Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, NetIQ will
deposit with an exchange agent designated by NetIQ and reasonably acceptable to
WebTrends certificates representing the shares of NetIQ common stock issuable
upon conversion of the outstanding shares of WebTrends common stock and will
from time to time deposit cash in an amount required to be paid for fractional
shares of NetIQ common stock and dividends and other distributions on the
shares of NetIQ common stock. As promptly as practicable after the effective
time of the merger, NetIQ will cause the exchange agent to send, to each holder
of WebTrends common stock a letter of transmittal and instructions. Thereafter,
holders of shares of WebTrends common stock may surrender their certificates to
the exchange agent, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal. In
exchange for the share certificates, holders will receive NetIQ common stock
certificates representing the number of shares as described under "--Merger
Consideration." Holders of unexchanged shares of WebTrends common stock will
not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions payable by
NetIQ with respect to those shares of NetIQ common stock until the applicable
WebTrends certificate is surrendered. Upon surrender and subject to applicable
laws, however, those holders will receive accumulated dividends and
distributions, without interest, together with cash in lieu of fractional
shares.

   NetIQ will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the merger. For
each fractional share that would otherwise be issued, the exchange agent will
pay the holder an amount equal to the fractional part of a share of NetIQ
common stock multiplied by the average closing NetIQ stock price on the five
trading days immediately preceding the effective time of the merger.

Stock Options

   At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding option to purchase
WebTrends common stock, regardless of the extent vested and exercisable, shall
be deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions
as were applicable under the WebTrends stock option, the same number of shares
of NetIQ common stock as the holder of the WebTrends option would have been
entitled to receive pursuant to the merger agreement, had the holder exercised
the WebTrends option in full immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, rounded down to the nearest whole number. The price per share shall
equal:

  . the aggregate exercise price for the WebTrends common stock otherwise
    purchasable pursuant to the WebTrends option, divided by

  . the aggregate number of full shares of NetIQ common stock deemed
    purchasable pursuant to the WebTrends option in accordance with the
    foregoing.

   NetIQ has agreed to take all action necessary to implement the above,
including the reservation, issuance and listing of a sufficient number of
shares of NetIQ common stock for delivery upon exercise of these assumed
options. NetIQ shall cause the NetIQ common stock issuable upon exercise of
these options to be covered by a registration statement and maintain its
effectiveness for so long as the options remain outstanding.

NetIQ Board and Management

   NetIQ has agreed to take the necessary corporate action so that, as of the
effective time of the merger:

  . Elijahu Shapira, the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
    WebTrends, will become Chief Strategy Officer and a member of the board
    of directors of NetIQ.

  . W. Glen Boyd, current President and Chief Technical Officer of WebTrends,
    will become Chief Information Officer of NetIQ.

Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains a number of representations and warranties of
NetIQ and WebTrends as to, among other things, due incorporation and valid
existence, corporate authority and required shareholder approvals to enter into
the contemplated transactions, required consents and filings with government
entities, absence of conflicts with organizational documents and material
agreements, capitalization, ownership of subsidiaries, reports filed with the
SEC, financial statements, information supplied for use in this document,
material contracts, material changes or events, undisclosed liabilities,
compliance with laws, litigation, finder's fees, opinion of financial advisor,
tax matters, environmental matters and intellectual property. Representations
and warranties made solely by WebTrends relate to particular employee benefits
and the inapplicability of state takeover statutes to the merger.

   Many of these representations and warranties are qualified by the absence of
a material adverse effect, which, for purposes of the merger agreement, means
with respect to NetIQ or WebTrends, as the case may be, a material adverse
effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, assets or results
of operations of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than
a decline in stock price.

   The representations and warranties in the merger agreement do not survive
the effective time of the merger.

Principal Covenants

   Interim Operations of NetIQ and WebTrends. Each of NetIQ and WebTrends has
undertaken a separate covenant that places restrictions on it and its
subsidiaries until either the effective time or termination of the merger
agreement. In general, NetIQ and its subsidiaries and WebTrends and its
subsidiaries are required to conduct their business in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and to preserve intact their present business
organizations and relationships with third parties.

   Each company has also agreed to some specific restrictions that are subject
to exceptions described in the merger agreement. These restrictions include:

  . amending its organizational documents;

  . entering into certain significant transactions, such as a merger,
    consolidation or material acquisition or disposition; and

  . taking any action that would make any representation and warranty
    inaccurate in any respect.

   NetIQ and WebTrends have agreed to cooperate with each other and take
actions and do all things necessary or advisable under the merger agreement and
applicable laws to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement.

   No Solicitation by WebTrends. WebTrends has agreed that it and its
subsidiaries and their officers, directors, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants, consultants or other agents or advisors will not take
action to solicit or encourage an offer for an alternative acquisition
transaction involving WebTrends of a nature defined in the merger agreement.

   Restricted actions include engaging in any discussions or negotiations with
any potential bidder, disclosing any nonpublic information relating to
WebTrends or any of its subsidiaries or affording access to their properties,
books or records to any potential bidder, granting any waiver or release under
any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of WebTrends'
equity securities, or entering into any agreement with respect to any
acquisition proposal, other than in the manner contemplated below.

   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restricted actions described in the
previous paragraph are permitted in response to an unsolicited bona fide offer
so long as, before doing so: (1) the WebTrends' board of directors determines
in good faith by a majority vote, after consulting with its financial advisor
and taking into account all the terms and conditions of the offer, that the
offer is a superior proposal, which is defined in the merger agreement to mean
any bona fide, unsolicited written acquisition proposal for over 51% of the
outstanding WebTrends common shares or a sale of WebTrends assets representing
over 51% of the value of the business on terms that are more favorable and
provide greater value to WebTrends' shareholders than the merger; (2) WebTrends
has otherwise complied with the "no solicitation" restrictions discussed above,
as well as with the notice requirement specified below; and (3) WebTrends'
board of directors determines in good faith by a majority vote after
consultation with its outside legal counsel, that it must take the action in
order to comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law. In addition,
before providing non-public information, WebTrends must receive from the person
making the offer an executed confidentiality agreement on terms no less
favorable to WebTrends that those in the existing confidentiality agreement
between NetIQ and WebTrends. In addition, WebTrends may not enter into any
agreement with respect to any third party offer without first complying with
the further restrictions discussed below.

   WebTrends must keep NetIQ informed of the identity of any potential bidder
and the terms and status of any offer. WebTrends also agreed to terminate any
discussions or negotiations with any person pending before January 16, 2001.

   WebTrends Board's Covenant to Recommend. The WebTrends board of directors
has agreed to recommend the approval and adoption of the merger to WebTrends'
shareholders. The board, however, can withdraw, or modify in a manner adverse
to NetIQ, its recommendation if: (1) WebTrends has otherwise complied with the
no solicitation restrictions discussed above under "--No Solicitation by
WebTrends;" (2) a superior proposal is pending at the time; (3) the board
determines in good faith by a majority vote, after consultation with its
outside legal counsel, that it must take the action to comply with its
fiduciary duties to its shareholders; and (4) it delivers prior written notice
to NetIQ that it intends to take this action.

   NetIQ may terminate the merger agreement if WebTrends' board of directors
fails to make or withdraws its recommendation to WebTrends shareholders in
favor of the merger with NetIQ or if it fails to call the meeting of its
shareholders. The circumstances in which the merger agreement may be terminated
are described more fully below under the heading "--Termination."

   Indemnification and Insurance. These provisions of the merger agreement are
discussed above under the heading "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger--
Indemnification and Insurance."

   Benefits Continuation. NetIQ has agreed that it will provide, for employees
of WebTrends and its subsidiaries, benefits under employee benefits plans that
are substantially comparable in the aggregate to those currently provided by
NetIQ to its similarly situated employees. In addition, NetIQ has agreed to
certain employee benefit matters and arrangements including those described
under "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger--Other Employee Benefits."

   Certain Other Covenants. The merger agreement contains additional mutual
covenants, including covenants relating to preparation and distribution of this
document, cooperation regarding filings with governmental and other agencies
and organizations and obtaining any governmental or third-party consents or
approvals, public announcements, further assurances, access to information,
mutual notification of particular events, confidential treatment of non-public
information and coordination of stockholders' meetings and actions to be taken
so as not to jeopardize the intended tax or accounting treatment of the merger.

Principal Conditions to Completion of the Merger

   Mutual Closing Conditions. Each party's obligation to complete the merger is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

  . approval by the holders of common stock of NetIQ and WebTrends;

  . expiration of the HSR Act waiting period;

  . absence of legal prohibitions or restrictions on completion of the
    merger;

  . NetIQ's registration statement on Form S-4, which includes this joint
    proxy statement/prospectus, being effective and not subject to any SEC
    stop order;

  . receipt by each party of an opinion of its counsel that the merger will
    qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

  . accuracy as of the effective time of the representations and warranties
    made by the other party to the extent specified in the merger agreement;
    and

  . performance in all material respects by the other party of the
    obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to closing.

   Additional Closing Conditions for NetIQ's Benefit. The obligation of NetIQ
and North Acquisition Corporation to complete the merger is subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional condition:

  . the employment agreements as described under "Interests of Certain
    Persons in the Merger--Other Employee Benefits" shall remain in full
    force and effect.

   Additional Closing Conditions for WebTrends' Benefit. The obligation of
WebTrends to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction of the following
additional condition:

  . listing on the Nasdaq National Market of the NetIQ common stock to be
    issued in the merger.

Termination

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective
time of the merger, whether before or after approval of the matters presented
in connection with the merger by the NetIQ stockholders or the WebTrends
shareholders, in any of the following ways:

   (a) by mutual written consent of NetIQ and WebTrends,

   (b) by either NetIQ or WebTrends if:

    . the merger has not been completed by June 30, 2001, provided that
      neither NetIQ nor WebTrends can terminate the merger agreement under
      this clause if its breach of any obligation under the merger agreement
      has resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or before that
      date;

    . NetIQ stockholders or WebTrends shareholders fail to give the
      necessary approval at a duly-held meeting;

    . there is a permanent legal prohibition to completing the merger; or

    . a breach of or failure to perform any representation, warranty,
      covenant or agreement on the part of the other party set forth in the
      merger agreement has occurred that would cause the inaccuracy as of
      the effective time of the representations and warranties made by the
      other party to the extent specified in the merger agreement or the
      failure in the performance in all material respects by the other party
      of the obligations required to be performed by it at or prior to
      closing, and the incapacity to correct the inaccuracy or remedy the
      failure by June 30, 2001;

   (c) by NetIQ, if (1) WebTrends' board of directors has failed to recommend,
or has withdrawn or modified in a manner adverse to NetIQ, its approval or
recommendation of, the merger, or has recommended, or entered into, or
publicly announced its intention to enter into a definitive agreement or
agreement in principle as to any other acquisition proposal to the WebTrends
shareholders, or (2) WebTrends has willfully and materially breached the
covenants described under "--Principal Covenants--No Solicitation by
WebTrends" and "--WebTrends Board's Covenant to Recommend."

   If the merger agreement is validly terminated, the agreement will become
void without any liability on the part of any party unless the party is in
willful breach thereof. However, the provisions of the merger agreement
relating to expenses and termination fees, as well as the confidentiality
agreement entered into between NetIQ and WebTrends, will continue in effect
notwithstanding termination of the merger agreement.

Termination Fees Payable by WebTrends

   WebTrends has agreed to pay NetIQ $41.0 million in cash in the following
termination circumstances:

  . NetIQ terminates the merger agreement as described in paragraph (c) under
    "--Termination" above and at the time of such termination a third party
    has proposed a transaction to acquire at least 20% of WebTrends equity
    interests or assets (an "alternative proposal"); or

  . either NetIQ or WebTrends terminates the merger agreement in
    circumstances where WebTrends' shareholders do not vote in favor of the
    merger or the merger has not been consummated by June 30, 2001 and a
    third party has publicly announced an alternative proposal;

provided, in either of the cases described above, WebTrends completes a
transaction in which a third party acquires at least 50% of WebTrends equity
interests or assets with twelve months of the termination of the merger
agreement.

Other Expenses

   All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, other than termination
fees payable upon termination under "--Termination Fees Payable by WebTrends,"
will be paid by the party incurring the expenses, whether or not the merger is
consummated, except that NetIQ and WebTrends have agreed to share equally
expenses (other than attorney's and accountant's fees) incurred in the
printing and filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
registration statement of which it is part and filings under the HSR Act.
NetIQ estimates that its merger-related fees and expenses, consisting
primarily of SEC filing fees, fees and expenses of investment banks, attorneys
and accountants, and financial printing and other related charges, will total
approximately $13.0 million if we complete the merger. WebTrends estimates
that its merger-related fees and expenses, consisting primarily of fees and
expenses of investment banks, attorneys and accountants, and financial
printing and other related charges, will total approximately $8.0 million if
the merger is completed.

Amendments; Waivers

   Any provision of the merger agreement may be amended or waived prior to
closing if the amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an
amendment, by WebTrends, NetIQ and the North Acquisition Corporation or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective.
After approval of the merger agreement by WebTrends shareholders, no amendment
or waiver that by law requires further approval by shareholders may be made
without such further approval.

                        AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

Voting Agreement

   General. As an inducement to NetIQ to enter into the merger agreement,
Elijahu Shapira, W. Glen Boyd and Michael Burmeister-Brown, members of the
WebTrends board of directors, entered into a voting agreement with NetIQ dated
as of January 16, 2001. As of the record date for the WebTrends special
meeting, these shareholders owned approximately 30% of the outstanding
WebTrends common stock. The voting agreement does not apply to shares of
WebTrends common stock held as of the date of the voting agreement by trusts or
charitable foundations created by Messrs. Shapira and Boyd. The following
summary of the voting agreement is qualified by reference to the complete text
of the agreement, which is incorporated by reference and attached as Annex B to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You are encouraged to read the voting
agreement.

   Voting and Proxies. Pursuant to the voting agreement, the shareholders have
agreed, among other things, to vote all shares of WebTrends common stock owned
or subsequently acquired by them to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
each other action or agreement related to the merger agreement. The
shareholders have revoked any and all previous proxies, and granted an
irrevocable proxy appointing NetIQ as their attorney-in-fact and proxy, with
full power to vote their shares. The proxy granted to NetIQ by the shareholders
will be revoked only upon termination of the voting agreement or to the extent
required to enable Messrs. Shapira, Boyd or Burmeister-Brown to engage in sales
of WebTrends common stock prior to the effective time of the merger described
under the sub-heading "Other Provisions," below.

   Other Provisions. The voting agreement provides that the shareholders will
not, among other things, without the prior written consent of NetIQ, directly
or indirectly,

  . grant any proxies or enter into any voting trust or other agreement or
    arrangement with respect to the voting of any of their shares of
    WebTrends common stock, or

  . sell or transfer, directly or indirectly, any of their WebTrends common
    shares during the term of the voting agreement except for the sale or
    transfer of up to 300,000 shares of WebTrends common stock by each of
    Messrs. Shapira and Boyd and 64,000 shares of WebTrends common stock by
    Mr. Burmeister-Brown.

   In addition, the shareholders agreed not to, and not to authorize or
knowingly permit any investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, consultants
and other agents or advisors of the shareholders to, directly or indirectly,
act in any manner contrary to the obligations of WebTrends under the merger
agreement described under the heading, "The Merger Agreement--Principal
Covenants--No Solicitation by WebTrends."

   The voting agreement terminates upon termination of the merger agreement.

Employment Agreements

   Each of Elijahu Shapira and W. Glen Boyd have entered into an employment
agreement with NetIQ. See "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons."

                     MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

   WebTrends common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "WEBT" since February 19, 1999, the date of WebTrends' initial
public offering. NetIQ common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "NTIQ" since July 30, 1999, the date of NetIQ's initial
public offering. Prior to such dates, there was no established public trading
market for either company's common stock. The following table sets forth for
the calendar periods indicated the quarterly high and low sale prices per share
of the last reported closing prices of WebTrends common stock and NetIQ common
stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.

                                                   WebTrends         NetIQ
                                                --------------- ----------------
                                                 High     Low     High     Low
                                                ------- ------- -------- -------

1999:
  Third Quarter................................ $23.875 $14.688 $ 33.750 $14.938
  Fourth Quarter...............................  49.281  19.125   59.000  23.500
2000:
  First Quarter................................ $85.500 $32.875 $ 78.000 $51.000
  Second Quarter...............................  72.375  24.063   61.500  31.563
  Third Quarter................................  44.250  28.000   67.938  42.000
  Fourth Quarter...............................  35.250  15.500  109.375  46.375
2001:
  First Quarter (through February 20).......... $38.609  24.000 $ 81.125 $61.250

Recent Share Prices

   The table below presents the per share closing prices of WebTrends common
stock and NetIQ common stock on the Nasdaq National Market as of the dates
specified. January 16, 2001, was the last trading date before announcement of
the merger. The table also sets forth the equivalent per share price for
WebTrends common stock, which was determined by multiplying the closing prices
of the NetIQ common stock as of the specified dates by the exchange ratio of
0.48. February 20, 2001, was the most recent practicable date before the date
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                              WebTrends
                                                                Common
                                                    WebTrends   Stock     NetIQ
                                                     Common   Equivalent Common
                                                      Stock     Value     Stock
                                                    --------- ---------- -------

January 16, 2001...................................  $32.875   $36.000   $75.000
February 20, 2001..................................  $30.563   $30.840   $64.250

   Both WebTrends and NetIQ stockholders are advised to obtain current market
quotations for WebTrends common stock and NetIQ common stock. No assurance can
be given as to the market prices of WebTrends common stock or NetIQ common
stock at any time before the consummation of merger or as to the market price
of NetIQ common stock at any time after merger. Because the exchange ratio is
fixed, the exchange ratio will not be adjusted to compensate WebTrends
shareholders for decreases in the market price of NetIQ common stock which
could occur before the merger becomes effective. In the event the market price
of NetIQ common stock decreases or increases prior to the consummation of
merger, the value of the NetIQ common stock to be received in the merger in
exchange for WebTrends common stock would correspondingly decrease or increase.

Dividends

   Neither WebTrends nor NetIQ has ever declared or paid cash dividends on its
capital stock. Pursuant to the merger agreement, each of WebTrends and NetIQ
has agreed that no changes will be made with respect to

the payment of dividends, except that NetIQ may declare or pay a dividend so
long as WebTrends shareholders receive such dividends or the benefit of such
dividends by adjusting the exchange ratio. If the merger is not consummated,
the WebTrends and NetIQ boards anticipate that they would continue their policy
of retaining all earnings to finance the expansion of their businesses.
WebTrends and NetIQ expect the combined company to retain all earnings for use
in the operation and expansion of its business and they do not anticipate NetIQ
will pay any cash dividends after the merger.

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements give effect to the proposed merger between NetIQ and WebTrends using
the purchase method of accounting for business combinations and to certain
other acquisitions of NetIQ and Mission Critical Software, Inc., or MCS, as
discussed below.

   On January 16, 2001, NetIQ entered into an agreement to acquire WebTrends
for consideration preliminarily valued at $1.04 billion, consisting of: NetIQ
common stock valued at $915.0 million, options to purchase WebTrends common
stock valued at $112.8 million and estimated direct acquisition costs of
$13.0 million. The estimated acquisition related costs consist primarily of
investment bank, legal and accounting fees and printing costs to be incurred
which are directly related to the acquisition.

   The actual consideration for the acquisition of WebTrends cannot yet be
determined since the acquisition has not been completed. There can be no
assurance that NetIQ and WebTrends will not incur additional charges related to
the merger or that management will be successful in its efforts to integrate
the operations of the two companies. For the purpose of the following pro forma
financial information, the number of shares of NetIQ common stock assumed to be
issued in the acquisition of WebTrends is approximately 12.7 million. This
amount is based on the number of shares of WebTrends common stock outstanding
as of January 16, 2001, the date of the merger agreement. Similarly, the
estimated value of options to purchase NetIQ common stock to be issued in the
acquisition of WebTrends is based on the outstanding options to purchase shares
of WebTrends common stock as of January 16, 2001. The actual number of shares
of NetIQ common stock and options to be issued will be based on the actual
outstanding shares of common stock and options of WebTrends as of the date of
completion of the merger.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
information includes adjustments to give effect to the following acquisitions
by NetIQ and MCS accounted for using the purchase method of accounting for
business combinations:

  .  MCS by NetIQ;

  .  Ganymede Software, Inc., or Ganymede, by MCS;

  .  Sirana Software, Inc., or Sirana, by NetIQ; and

  .  Software Realization, Inc., or SRI, by NetIQ.

   On May 15, 2000, pursuant to a merger agreement, NetIQ acquired all
outstanding shares of MCS for approximately 18.8 million shares of common stock
valued at approximately $1.3 billion, assumed approximately 4.9 million options
valued at approximately $285.0 million and incurred approximately $10.0 million
of direct merger costs, for a total purchase price of approximately $1.6
billion. MCS provided systems administration and operations management software
products for corporate and Internet-based Windows NT and Windows 2000 networks.

   On March 10, 2000, MCS acquired all outstanding shares of Ganymede for
2,750,000 shares of common stock of MCS valued at $171.2 million and incurred
approximately $4.2 million of direct merger costs, for a total purchase price
of approximately $175.4 million. Ganymede was a developer of network and
application performance management solutions.

   On March 10, 2000, NetIQ acquired all outstanding shares of Sirana for
approximately 27,000 shares of common stock and cash valued at approximately
$2.5 million and incurred approximately $200,000 of direct merger costs, for a
total purchase price of approximately $2.7 million. Sirana was a developer of
web-based enterprise analysis and reporting solutions for Microsoft BackOffice.

   On July 17, 2000, NetIQ acquired all outstanding shares of SRI for cash of
approximately $745,000, assumed liabilities of approximately $528,000 and
incurred approximately $150,000 of direct merger costs, for a total purchase
price of approximately $1.4 million. SRI was a professional services company
focused on delivering packaged training and development offerings.

   The accompanying pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial
statements are presented in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance sheet
combines the unaudited historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of NetIQ
and the audited historical condensed consolidated balance sheet of WebTrends as
of December 31, 2000. No adjustments were made to the NetIQ balance sheet for
the acquisitions of MCS, Ganymede, Sirana and SRI as these acquisitions were
consummated prior to December 31, 2000.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated statements of
operations of NetIQ give effect to the transactions as if they had been
consummated at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The unaudited
pro forma combined consolidated statement of operations of NetIQ for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2000, includes the audited historical statements of
operations of NetIQ for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2000. These results have
been adjusted to include the unaudited historical statement of operations of
MCS, Ganymede, and Sirana for the period from July 1, 1999, to the date of the
acquisition as well as the unaudited historical statement of operations of SRI
for the year ended June 30, 2000. These adjusted results are combined with the
unaudited historical statements of operations of WebTrends for the twelve
months ended June 30, 2000.

   The unaudited pro forma combined consolidated statement of operations of
NetIQ for the six months ended December 31, 2000, has been adjusted to include
the unaudited historical statement of operations of SRI for the period from
July 1, 2000, to the date of the acquisition, and combines these results with
the unaudited historical statement of operations of WebTrends for the six
months ended December 31, 2000.

   The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is
not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position that
would have occurred if the merger had been consummated at the beginning of the
earliest period presented, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating
results or financial position. The pro forma adjustments are based upon
information and assumptions available at the time of the filing of this
document. The pro forma information should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes thereto and with NetIQ's and WebTrends' historical financial
statements and related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                            AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2000
                                 (in thousands)

                                                         Pro Forma  Total Pro
                                 Historical  Historical Adjustments   Forma
                                   NetIQ     WebTrends      (A)      Combined
                                 ----------  ---------- ----------- ----------

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents..... $   97,844   $ 13,805   $     --   $  111,649
  Short-term investments........    250,570     72,195         --      322,765
  Accounts receivable, net......     26,399     15,345         --       41,744
  Prepaid expenses..............        953      1,350         --        2,303
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
    Total current assets........    375,766    102,695         --      478,461
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Property and equipment, net.....     40,030      9,889         --       49,919
Goodwill and other intangible
 assets.........................  1,121,437      1,517    900,953    2,023,907
Other assets....................        903      6,378         --        7,281
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Total assets.................... $1,538,136   $120,479   $900,953   $2,559,568
                                 ==========   ========   ========   ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.............. $    4,522   $  3,502   $     --   $    8,024
  Accrued compensation and
   related benefits.............     11,034      4,198         --       15,232
  Other liabilities.............      9,513      3,668     21,000       34,181
  Deferred revenue..............     21,988     11,506     (1,500)      31,994
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
    Total current liabilities...     47,057     22,874     19,500       89,431
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Stockholders' equity:
 Common stock...................  1,785,797     85,642    942,500    2,813,939
 Deferred stock-based
  compensation..................       (937)      (224)   (48,860)     (50,021)
 Accumulated deficit............   (294,371)    12,201    (12,201)    (294,371)
 Accumulated other comprehensive
  income........................        590        (14)        14          590
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
    Total stockholders' equity..  1,491,079     97,605    881,453    2,470,137
                                 ----------   --------   --------   ----------
Total liabilities and
 stockholders' equity........... $1,538,136   $120,479   $900,953   $2,559,568
                                 ==========   ========   ========   ==========

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                            YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2000
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                      Pro Forma
                                       Historical    Adjustments
                                      MCS, Ganymede MCS, Ganymede     NetIQ                                Total
                          Historical     Sirana        Sirana       Pro Forma  Historical  Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                            NetIQ      and SRI (B)     and SRI      Combined   WebTrends  Adjustments     Combined
                          ----------  ------------- -------------   ---------  ---------- -----------    ----------

Software license
 revenue................  $  37,235      $36,714      $      --     $  73,949   $29,776    $      --     $  103,725
Service revenue.........     10,685       11,505             --        22,190     6,836           --         29,026
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
  Total revenue.........     47,920       48,219             --        96,139    36,612           --        132,751
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Cost of software license
 revenue................        800          532             --         1,332     1,072           --          2,404
Cost of service
 revenue................      2,217        2,554             --         4,771     2,539           --          7,310
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
  Total cost of
   revenue..............      3,017        3,086             --         6,103     3,611           --          9,714
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Gross profit............     44,903       45,133             --        90,036    33,001           --        123,037
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....     24,695       26,949             --        51,644    17,757           --         69,401
 Research and
  development...........     10,109       12,179             --        22,288     6,377           --         28,665
 General and
  administration........      4,761        8,885             --        13,646     5,023           --         18,669
 Stock-based
  compensation..........        696          728           (728)(D)       696       141       24,045 (F)     24,882
 Write-off of acquired
  in-process research
  and development
  costs.................     10,693                     (10,693)(I)        --        --           --             --
 Amortization of
  goodwill and
  intangibles...........     64,184        1,621       410,558 (C)    476,363        --      300,823 (G)    777,186
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
  Total operating
   expenses.............    115,138       50,362        399,137       564,637    29,298      324,868        918,803
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Income (loss) from
 operations.............    (70,235)      (5,229)      (399,137)     (474,601)    3,703     (324,868)      (795,766)
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Interest income, net....      7,307        5,961             --        13,268     4,741           --         18,009
Income taxes............      2,400        1,122            600(J)      4,122     3,026           --          7,148
                          ---------      -------      ---------     ---------   -------    ---------     ----------
Net income (loss).......  $ (65,328)     $  (390)     $(399,737)    $(465,455)  $ 5,418    $(324,868)    $ (784,905)
                          =========      =======      =========     =========   =======    =========     ==========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $   (3.59)                                $  (13.43)                           $   (16.57)
Shares used to compute
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........     18,189                      16,459 (E)    34,648                 12,708 (H)     47,356

Periods covered:
 NetIQ Year Ended June 30, 2000
 WebTrends Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2000
 MCS July 1, 1999-May 14, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)
 Ganymede July 1, 1999-March 9, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)
 Sirana July 1, 1999-March 9, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)
 SRI Year Ended June 30, 2000

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                       SIX MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                                             Total
                          Historical  Historical Historical  Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                            NetIQ        SRI     WebTrends  Adjustments    Combined
                          ----------  ---------- ---------- -----------    ---------

Software license
 revenue................  $  53,593      $ --     $29,820    $      --     $  83,413
Service revenue.........     16,589        19       7,552           --        24,160
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
 Total revenue..........     70,182        19      37,372           --       107,573
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
Cost of software license
 revenue................        856        --       1,192           --         2,048
Cost of service
 revenue................      3,318        62       3,338           --         6,718
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
 Total cost of revenue..      4,174        62       4,530           --         8,766
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
Gross profit............     66,008       (43)     32,842           --        98,807
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....     33,058        12      16,668           --        49,738
 Research and
  development...........     14,050        --       6,060           --        20,110
 General and
  administration........      4,887        25       3,744           --         8,656
 Stock-based
  compensation..........        340        --          63        7,089 (F)     7,492
 Amortization of
  goodwill and
  intangibles...........    238,213        --          --      150,424 (G)   388,637
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
 Total operating
  expenses..............    290,548        37      26,535      157,513       474,633
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
Income (loss) from
 operations.............   (224,540)      (80)      6,307     (157,513)     (375,826)
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
Interest income
 (expense), net.........     10,680        --       2,594           --        13,274
Income taxes............      7,240        --       3,366           --        10,606
                          ---------      ----     -------    ---------     ---------
Net income (loss).......  $(221,100)     $(80)    $ 5,535    $(157,513)    $(373,158)
                          =========      ====     =======    =========     =========
Basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........  $   (5.83)                                       $   (7.37)
Shares used to compute
 basic and diluted net
 loss per share.........     37,942                             12,708 (H)    50,650
Periods covered:
 NetIQ Six Months Ended
  December 31, 2000
 WebTrends Six Months
  Ended December 31,

 SRI July 1, 2000-July
  16, 2000 (pre-
  acquisition period)

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

   (A) The following represents the allocations of the purchase prices over the
historical net book values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of
the combined business of WebTrends as of the date of the pro forma balance
sheet, and is for illustrative purposes only. The actual purchase price
allocation will be based on fair values of the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities as of the actual acquisition dates. Assuming the transaction
occurred on December 31, 2000, the allocation would have been as follows (in
thousands):

   Working capital.................................................. $   73,321
   Other non-current assets.........................................     16,267
   Deferred stock-based compensation................................     49,084
   Goodwill and other intangible assets.............................    902,470
                                                                     ----------
   Purchase price................................................... $1,041,142
                                                                     ==========

   The purchase price reflects the accrual of direct costs arising from the
pending merger of NetIQ and WebTrends, estimated at approximately $13.0
million. The adjustment also reflects the elimination of the equity of
WebTrends and the issuance of NetIQ shares and options. The adjustment also
reflects a reduction in the WebTrends deferred revenue related to software
license revenue that has been deferred due to installation not being completed.
Lastly, the adjustment reflects an increase in the assumed liabilities of
WebTrends related to WebTrends' estimated cost arising from the pending merger
of approximately $8.0 million.

   (B) These results include the following:

  . MCS unaudited historical statement of operations for the period from July
    1, 1999 to May 14, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)

  . Ganymede unaudited historical results of operations for the period from
    July 1, 1999 to March 9, 2000 (pre-acquisition period)

  . Sirana unaudited historical results of operations for the period from
    July 1, 1999 to March 9, 2000 (preacquisition period)

  . SRI unaudited historical results of operations for the year ended June
    30, 2000.

   (C) The pro forma adjustment represents amortization of goodwill and other
intangible assets related to the MCS, Ganymede, Sirana and SRI business
combinations that would have been recorded during the year ended June 30, 2000.

   (D) The pro forma adjustment is based on the assumption that there would be
no deferred stock-based compensation for options issued by MCS, Ganymede,
Sirana and SRI for the year ended June 30, 2000.

   (E) The pro forma adjustment reflects the weighted average effect of the
issuance of approximately 18.8 million shares in the acquisitions not otherwise
included in the historical NetIQ basic net loss per share calculation. The
computation of diluted net loss per share excludes securities outstanding that
could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but were
excluded in the computation of diluted net loss per share in the periods
presented, as their effect would have been antidilutive.

   (F) The pro forma adjustment represents the amortization of the intrinsic
value of unvested options assumed in the merger with WebTrends over their
remaining life during the year ended June 30, 2000, and the six months ended
December 31, 2000.

   (G) The pro forma adjustment represents the amortization of goodwill and
other intangible assets (per the allocation in (A) above) that would have been
recorded during the year ended June 30, 2000, and the six months ended December
31, 2000.

   The pro forma adjustment is based on the assumption that the entire amount
identified as goodwill and other intangible assets in NetIQ's acquisition of
WebTrends will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a three-year period.
NetIQ has not yet completed the valuation of the actual intangible assets
acquired. When completed, certain amounts identified as intangible assets may
be amortized over periods other than the three-year period represented in the
pro forma statement of operations. Additionally, a portion of the purchase
price may be identified as in-process research and development. This amount,
if any, will be charged to operating results of NetIQ in the period the merger
is completed and the acquisition accounting and valuation amounts are
finalized.

   (H) Reflects the issuance of approximately 12.7 million shares of NetIQ
common stock to WebTrends stockholders based on the number of WebTrends shares
outstanding as of January 16, 2001, the date of the merger agreement. The
computation of diluted net loss per share excludes securities outstanding that
could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but were
excluded in the computation of diluted net loss per share in the periods
presented, as their effect would have been antidilutive.

   (I) This adjustment is to remove the effect of the in-process research and
development expense included in the historical results of operations of NetIQ
related to the acquisition of MCS.

   (J) This pro forma adjustment reflects the tax impact of the amortization
of identified intangible assets.

                       COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF
                           WEBTRENDS COMMON STOCK AND
                               NETIQ COMMON STOCK

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes certain
differences between WebTrends common stock and NetIQ common stock. While we
believe that the description covers the material differences between the two,
this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to
WebTrends shareholders. WebTrends shareholders should read this entire document
and the other documents referred to carefully, including the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of NetIQ and the articles of incorporation and bylaws
of WebTrends and the relevant provisions of Oregon and Delaware corporate law,
for a more complete understanding of the differences between WebTrends common
stock and NetIQ common stock.

   WebTrends' articles of incorporation, bylaws and Oregon law currently govern
the rights of shareholders of WebTrends. After the completion of the merger,
WebTrends' shareholders will become stockholders of NetIQ. As a result, former
WebTrends shareholders' rights will be governed by NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law. The following paragraphs summarize
certain differences between the rights of WebTrends shareholders and NetIQ
stockholders under the charter documents and bylaws of WebTrends and NetIQ and
under Oregon and Delaware law.

Power to Call Special Meetings of Shareholders

   Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the
board of directors or any other person as may be provided in the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws. The NetIQ bylaws provide that special meetings of the
stockholders may be called at any time by the board of directors, the Chairman
of the Board, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or by one or more
stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than
fifty percent of the votes at that meeting.

   Under Oregon law, a special meeting of shareholders may be called by the
board of directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the articles
of incorporation or the bylaws, or by written demand by the holders of at least
ten percent of all votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be
considered at any such meeting. The WebTrends bylaws provide that a special
meeting of shareholders may be called at any time by the board of directors,
the President, the Chairman of the Board, or by the holders of not less than
ten percent of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting.

Shareholder Action Without a Meeting

   Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation, any action which may be taken at a meeting of the stockholders
may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if a consent in writing
is signed by the holders of outstanding shares having at least the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting at
which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. However, the
NetIQ certificate specifically provides that no action shall be taken by the
stockholders except at an annual or special meeting called in accordance with
the bylaws.

   Under Oregon law and the WebTrends bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if
a consent in writing is signed by all shareholders entitled to vote on the
action.

Size of the Board of Directors

   Under Delaware law, the number of directors is fixed by, or in the manner
provided in, the bylaws, unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the
number of directors. The NetIQ certificate provides that the number of
directors shall be designated in the bylaws. The NetIQ bylaws authorize nine
directors. NetIQ currently has six directors and the size of the board can be
changed by the board without a stockholder vote.

   Under Oregon law, the number of directors may be fixed in either the
articles of incorporation or bylaws. The board of directors or the shareholders
of an Oregon corporation may change the number of directors within the minimum
and maximum range if the articles of incorporation or bylaws establish a
variable range for the size of the board of directors. If the articles of
incorporation establish a fixed or variable range, then, after shares are
issued, only the shareholders may change the range for the size of the board or
change from a fixed or variable-ranged size board by amendment to the
corporation's articles of incorporation. The WebTrends bylaws currently provide
that WebTrends shall have not less than five nor more than seven directors with
the WebTrends board of directors having the right to set the specific number by
resolution. Currently WebTrends has five directors.

Classification of the Board of Directors

   A classified board is one with respect to which a certain number of
directors, but not necessarily all, are elected on a rotating basis each year.
Delaware law permits, but does not require, a classified board of directors, in
which the directors can be divided into as many as three classes with staggered
terms of office, with only one class of directors standing for election each
year. The NetIQ certificate and bylaws provide for three classes of directors
with staggered three-year terms.

   If there are six or more directors, Oregon law permits, but does not
require, an Oregon corporation to provide in its articles of incorporation or
bylaws for a classified board of directors, in which the directors can be
divided into up to three classes of directors with staggered terms of office,
with only one class of directors standing for election each year. The WebTrends
bylaws provide, in the event the number of directors is six or more, for three
classes of directors with staggered three-year terms; however, currently
WebTrends has five directors.

Special Meetings of the Board of Directors

   Under the NetIQ bylaws, meetings of NetIQ's board of directors may be called
by the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary,
or any two directors. Notice shall be given four days in advance if by mail,
and two days in advance if delivered personally, by telephone or by telegraph.

   Oregon law provides that unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws set
forth a longer or shorter period, special meetings of a company's board of
directors must be preceded by at least two days' notice of the date, time and
place of the meeting. The WebTrends bylaws stipulate that special meetings of
the board of directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the
President or by one-third of the directors then in office. Notice shall be
given two days in advance if by mail, and one day if by personal delivery,
mail, telegraph, oral communication, facsimile or private courier.

Removal of Directors

   Under Delaware law, any director or the entire board of directors of a
corporation may be removed, with or without cause, with the approval of a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at an election of
directors, except that unless the certificate provides otherwise, in the case
of a classified board, the directors can only be removed by the stockholders
for cause. The NetIQ certificate provides that any director may be removed at
any time (1) with cause by an affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the
voting stock, voting together as a single class; or (2) without cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds of the
voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock.

   Under Oregon law, any director of an Oregon corporation may be removed with
or without cause by the shareholders unless the articles of incorporation
provide that directors may only be removed for cause. A director may be removed
only if the number of votes cast to remove the director exceed the votes cast
not to

remove the director. Furthermore, a director may be removed by the shareholders
only at a meeting called for the purpose of removing the director and the
meeting notice must state that the purpose of the meeting is to remove a
director. The WebTrends articles provide that the directors may only be removed
for cause.

Transactions Involving Officers or Directors

   Under Delaware law, any corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any
obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the
corporation, including any officer or employee who is also a director of the
corporation, whenever, in the judgment of the directors, such loan, guaranty or
assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. Furthermore,
under Delaware law, contracts or transactions between a corporation and either
any of its directors or a second corporation of which a director is also a
director, are not void or voidable if either:

  . the material facts as to the transaction and as to the director's
    relationship or interest are disclosed or are known to the board of
    directors, a committee of the board of directors or the stockholders
    entitled to vote thereon, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the
    disinterested directors on the board or committee or a majority of the
    stockholders entitled to vote thereon, as applicable, approve or ratify
    the transaction in good faith; or

  . the contract or transaction was fair to the corporation at the time it
    was authorized, approved or ratified.

   An Oregon corporation may loan money to, or guarantee any obligation
incurred by, its directors only if either:

  . the loan or guarantee is approved by a majority of the votes represented
    by the outstanding voting shares of all classes, voting as a single
    voting group, excluding the voting shares owned by or voted under the
    control of the benefited director; or

  . the board of directors determines such loan or guarantee benefits the
    corporation and the board of directors either approves the loan or
    guarantee or a general plan authorizing the loans and guarantees.

   With respect to any other contract or transaction between the corporation
and one or more of its directors, such transactions are not voidable if either:

  . the material facts of the transaction and the director's interest are
    disclosed or made known to the board of directors, a committee of the
    board of directors or the shareholders of the corporation entitled to
    vote, and the transaction is approved or ratified by a majority of the
    disinterested directors or by the shareholders; or

  . the contract or transaction is fair to the corporation.

   Oregon law does not specifically regulate loans to officers or employees.

Limitation of Liability of Directors; Indemnification

   Under the NetIQ certificate of incorporation, directors are indemnified by
the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permissible under Delaware
law. Delaware law generally permits indemnification of expenses, including
attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred in the defense or settlement
of a derivative or third-party action, provided there is a determination by a
majority vote of disinterested directors, by a committee of directors
designated by a majority of the directors, by independent legal counsel in a
written opinion, or by the stockholders that the person seeking indemnification
acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in best interests
of the corporation and, with respect to a criminal action, had no reasonable
cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Without court approval, however, no
indemnification may be made in respect of any derivative action in which such
person is adjudged liable to the corporation. Delaware law requires
indemnification of expenses to the extent the individual being indemnified has
successfully defended any action, claim, issue or matter therein, on the merits
or otherwise.

   Expenses incurred by an officer or director in defending any action may be
paid in advance, under Delaware law, if such director or officer undertakes to
repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that he

or she is not entitled to indemnification. In addition, Delaware law authorizes
a corporation's purchase of indemnity insurance for the benefit of its
officers, directors, employees and agents whether or not the corporation would
have the power to indemnify against the liability covered by the policy.

   The indemnification and expense advancement provisions under Delaware law
described above are not exclusive of other rights of indemnification and
advancement that a director or officer may be granted by a corporation in its
bylaws, or by a stockholder vote or vote of disinterested directors, or by an
agreement or otherwise.

   Under Oregon law, a corporation's articles of incorporation may set forth a
provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the
corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for conduct as a director.
However, such provisions may not eliminate or limit a director's liability for:

  . any act or omission occurring prior to the date when such provision
    becomes effective;

  . breaches of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
    shareholders;

  . acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
    misconduct or a knowing violation of the law;

  . the payment of unlawful distributions; or

  . any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
    benefit.

   Under Oregon law, a corporation may, subject to the limitations described
below, indemnify a director against liability incurred if the conduct was in
good faith, the individual reasonably believed the individual's conduct was in
the best interests of the corporation, or at least not opposed to its best
interests and, in the case of a criminal proceeding, the individual had no
reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful. Under Oregon law, a
director may not be indemnified in connection with a proceeding by or in the
right of the corporation in which the director was found liable to the
corporation or in connection with any other proceeding charging improper
personal benefit to the director in which the director was found liable on the
basis that personal benefit was improperly received. The WebTrends articles
contain provisions eliminating a director's or officer's liability to the
fullest extent permitted by Oregon law. Oregon law provides for mandatory
indemnification of directors when the indemnified party is wholly successful on
the merits or otherwise in the defense of any proceeding to which the director
was a party because of being a director.

Dividends and Repurchases of Shares

   Delaware law permits a corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in
its certificate of incorporation, to declare and pay dividends out of surplus
or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the
dividend is declared and/or for the preceding fiscal year. However, the
directors of a corporation may not pay any dividends out of net profits if the
capital of the corporation has been diminished by depreciation in the value of
its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate
amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all
classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. Capital is
determined by the board of directors and shall not be less than the aggregate
par value of the outstanding capital stock of the corporation having par value.

   The NetIQ certificate of incorporation does not otherwise restrict the
ability of its board of directors to make distributions to its shareholders.

   Oregon law permits a corporation, unless otherwise restricted by its
articles of incorporation, to make distributions to its shareholders, if both
of the following factors are, in the judgment of the directors, satisfied:

  . the corporation would be able to pay its debts as they come due in the
    usual course of business; and

  . the corporation's total assets would at least equal the sum of its total
    liabilities plus, unless the articles of incorporation permit otherwise,
    the amount that would be needed if the corporation were dissolved at

   the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon
   dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to
   those receiving the distribution.

   The WebTrends articles do not otherwise restrict the ability of its board of
directors to make distributions to its shareholders. In addition, Oregon law
generally provides that a corporation may redeem or repurchase its shares.

Dissenters' and Appraisal Rights

   Under Oregon law and Delaware law, a stockholder of a corporation
participating in certain major corporate transactions may, under varying
circumstances, be entitled to dissenters' rights or to appraisal rights
pursuant to which such stockholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair
value of the shares held by such stockholder, as determined by a court or by
agreement of the corporation and the stockholder, in lieu of the consideration
such stockholder would otherwise receive in the transaction. The limitations on
the availability of dissenters' rights under Oregon law are different from
those available for appraisal rights under Delaware law. Under Delaware law,
such fair value is determined exclusive of any element of value arising from
the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation, and such
appraisal rights are not available in the following situations:

  . with respect to a merger or consolidation by a corporation the shares of
    which are either listed on a national securities exchange or designated
    as a national market system security or are held of record by more than
    2,000 holders if such stockholders receive only shares of the surviving
    corporation or shares of any other corporation that are either listed on
    a national securities exchange or designated as a national market system
    security or held of record by more than 2,000 holders, plus cash in lieu
    of fractional shares of such corporations; or

  . to stockholders of a corporation surviving a merger if no vote of the
    stockholders of the surviving corporation is required to approve the
    merger under Delaware law.

   Under Oregon law, unless a corporation's articles of incorporation provide
otherwise, dissenters' rights are generally not available to holders of shares
of any class or series of stock in connection with a merger if the shares of
the class or series were registered on a national securities exchange or quoted
on Nasdaq as a national market system security on the record date for the
meeting at which the merger is to be approved or on the date a copy or summary
of the plan of merger is mailed to the shareholders. WebTrends' articles of
incorporation do not provide otherwise.

Inspection of Stockholder List

   Delaware law allows any stockholder to inspect the stockholder list for a
purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. Delaware
law also provides for inspection rights as to a list of stockholders entitled
to vote at a meeting within a ten day period preceding a stockholders' meeting
for any purpose germane to the meeting. Oregon law allows any shareholder to
inspect the shareholder list for a proper purpose upon five days written notice
to the corporation of such request. Oregon law also allows any shareholder to
inspect the shareholder list beginning two business days after notice of a
meeting is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through the
meeting.

Control Share Act

   The Oregon Control Share Act generally provides that a person who acquires
control shares cannot vote the shares unless voting rights are approved by both
a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares and
a majority of all votes other than votes of "interested shareholders" entitled
to be cast by holders of voting shares. Delaware law does not contain an
equivalent to the Control Share Act.

                     PROPOSAL NO. 2 FOR NETIQ STOCKHOLDERS:

             APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

   NetIQ stockholders are being asked to approve an amendment to NetIQ's
certificate of incorporation.

   NetIQ's authorized capital stock includes 100,000,000 shares of common
stock. At January 16, 2001, there were outstanding:

  . 39,584,175 shares of common stock;

  . options to purchase an aggregate of 6,898,014 shares of common stock; and

  . 2,350,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under employee
    stock purchase plans.

   In addition, based on shares outstanding on January 16, 2001, up to
approximately 12.7 million shares of NetIQ common stock will be issued to
shareholders of WebTrends in connection with the merger, and a further
approximately 2.3 million shares of NetIQ common stock will be reserved for
issuance in connection with WebTrends' employee stock compensation
arrangements.

   NetIQ's board of directors wants to have available additional authorized
shares of NetIQ common stock for future stock splits, stock dividends,
acquisitions employee benefit plans, financings or other corporate purposes. It
thus requests that the NetIQ stockholders approve the certificate of
incorporation amendment proposal for a total number of 250,000,000 authorized
shares of NetIQ common stock upon effectiveness of the amendment of the NetIQ
certificate of incorporation. Other than as required by the merger agreement or
in connection with its employee benefit plans, NetIQ has no present plan to
issue any additional NetIQ shares.

   NetIQ's board of directors would have the sole discretion to issue the
additional shares of NetIQ common stock from time to time for any corporate
purpose without further action by NetIQ stockholders, except as the Nasdaq
National Market rules may require, and without first offering the shares to
NetIQ stockholders. There are no preemptive rights available to NetIQ
stockholders in connection with the issuance of NetIQ common stock. The
issuance of additional NetIQ shares could have a dilutive effect on NetIQ's per
share earnings and on each NetIQ stockholder's voting power in NetIQ, unless
the NetIQ stockholder were to purchase additional shares to maintain the same
level of ownership.

   NetIQ board of directors does not propose the increase in authorized NetIQ
common stock because it believes that NetIQ needs additional takeover defenses.
The additional authorized, but unissued, NetIQ common stock, however, could be
viewed as deterring a takeover of NetIQ. Certain provisions of the NetIQ
certificate of incorporation, the NetIQ bylaws and Delaware law may also be
seen to have an anti-takeover effect by delaying, deterring or preventing a
tender offer or takeover attempt, including an offer or attempt that might
result in a premium over the current market price for the NetIQ shares and that
a NetIQ shareholder might favor.

   If approved, the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of incorporation
would become effective immediately before completion of the merger.

   NetIQ's board of directors unanimously recommends that the NetIQ
stockholders vote FOR the proposal to amend NetIQ's certificate of
incorporation.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   The validity of the shares of NetIQ common stock offered by this joint proxy
statement/prospectus will be passed upon for NetIQ by Davis Polk & Wardwell,
Menlo Park, California, counsel for NetIQ. Perkins Coie LLP, Portland, Oregon,
is counsel to WebTrends. It is a condition to the completion of the merger that
WebTrends and NetIQ each receive opinions from their counsel to the effect
that, among other things, the merger will be a reorganization for federal
income tax purposes. See "Proposal No. 1: The Merger--Material U.S. Federal
Income Tax Consequences."

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement
schedule incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference
from NetIQ's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2000, have
been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their
reports, which are incorporated by reference herein, and have been so
incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

   The financial statements of WebTrends as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, have
been incorporated by reference herein and in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent
public accountants, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of
said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the financial
statements of Mission Critical Software, Inc. at June 30, 1998 and 1999, and
for the period from July 19, 1996 (date of inception) to June 30, 1997, and the
years ended June 30, 1998 and 1999, as set forth in their report, which is
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The
financial statements of Mission Critical Software, Inc. are incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in reliance on their report,
given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

   The financial statements of Ganymede Software, Inc. as of March 31, 1999 and
1998, and for each of the years then ended incorporated in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to pages F49-F63 of NetIQ Corporation's
Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 dated April 3, 2000, have been so incorporated in
reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants,
given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                             STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, NetIQ stockholders may present proper
proposals for inclusion in NetIQ's proxy statement and for consideration at the
next annual meeting of its stockholders by submitting such proposals to NetIQ
in a timely manner. In order to be so included for the 2001 annual meeting,
stockholder proposals must have been received by NetIQ no later than June 12,
2001, and must have otherwise complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-8.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   NetIQ and WebTrends file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. Copies of their reports, proxy
statements and other information may be inspected and copied at the public
reference facilities maintained by the SEC:

  Judiciary Plaza           Citicorp Center             Seven World Trade
  Room 1024                 500 West Madison            Center
  450 Fifth Street, N.W.    Street                      13th Floor
  Washington, D.C. 20549    Suite 1400                  New York, New York
                            Chicago, Illinois           10048

   Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding each of WebTrends and NetIQ. The address of the SEC
website is www.sec.gov.

   These materials may also be inspected at the offices of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.

   NetIQ filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC
the NetIQ common stock to be issued to WebTrends shareholders in the merger.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement
and constitutes a prospectus of NetIQ in addition to being a proxy statement of
NetIQ and WebTrends for each company's special meeting. As permitted by SEC
rules, this joint proxy statement/prospectus does not contain all the
information that you can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to
that statement.

   The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. This means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with
the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this
document, except for any information superseded by information in this
document. This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents set forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC. These
documents contain important information about our companies and their financial
performance.

   NetIQ SEC Filings (File No. 000-26757)   Period
   --------------------------------------   ------

   Annual Report on Form 10-K               Fiscal year ended June 30, 2000
   Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q           Quarters ended September 30, 2000, and
                                            December 31, 2000
                                            Filed on January 17, 2001, and July 19,
   Current Reports on Form 8-K              2000
   Description of NetIQ Common Stock from
   Registration Statement on Form 8-A       Filed on July 19, 1999

   NetIQ's SEC Filings (File No. 333-
   33178)
   ----------------------------------

   Mission Critical Software, Inc.'s        Filed on March 23, 2000
   Audited Financial Statements for Fiscal
   Years Ended June 30, 1997, 1998 and
   1999 and Unaudited Condensed Financial
   Statements for Three and Six Months
   Ended December 31, 1998 and 1999 and
   Ganymede Software Inc.'s Audited
   Financial Statements for Fiscal Years
   Ended March 31, 1999 and 1998 and
   Unaudited Financial Statements as of
   and for the Nine Months Ended December
   31, 1999 and 1998 from Registration
   Statement on Form S-4.

   WebTrends' SEC Filings (File No. 000-
   25215)                                   Period
   -------------------------------------    ------

   Annual Report on Form 10-K               Fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
   Current Reports on Form 8-K              Filed on January 19, 2001
   Description of WebTrends Common Stock
   from Registration Statement on Form 8-A  Filed on December 28, 1998

   We are also incorporating by reference additional documents that we file
with the SEC between the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the
date of the meetings.

   NetIQ has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to NetIQ, and WebTrends has
supplied all information relating to WebTrends.

   You may already have been sent some of the documents incorporated by
reference, but you can obtain any of them from us or the SEC. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from us without charge, excluding all
exhibits, unless we have specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Stockholders may obtain these documents
incorporated by reference by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
the appropriate party at the following address:

                               NetIQ Corporation
                            3553 North First Street
                               San Jose, CA 95134
                              Tel: (408) 856-3000

                             WebTrends Corporation
                       851 S.W. Sixth Avenue, Suite 1200
                               Portland, OR 97204
                              Tel: (503) 294-7025

   If you would like to request documents from us, please do so by March 15,
2001, to receive them before the special meetings. We shall send the documents
by first-class mail within one business day of receiving your request.

   You can also get more information by visiting NetIQ's web site at
www.netiq.com and WebTrends' web site at www.webtrends.com. Web site materials
are not part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the NetIQ share
issuance proposal and the WebTrends merger agreement proposal. We have not
authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from what
is contained in this document. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated
February 23, 2001. You should not assume that the information in it is accurate
as of any date other than that date, and neither its mailing to shareholders
nor the issuance of NetIQ common stock in the merger shall create any
implication to the contrary.

   This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an
offer to purchase, the NetIQ common stock or the solicitation of a proxy, in
any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to
make the offer, solicitation of an offer or proxy solicitation in that
jurisdiction. Neither the delivery of this joint proxy statement/prospectus nor
any distribution of securities means, under any circumstances, that there has
been no change in the information set forth or incorporated in this document by
reference or in its affairs since the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The information contained in this document with respect
to WebTrends and its subsidiaries was provided by WebTrends. The information
contained in this document with respect to NetIQ was provided by NetIQ.

                                                                         ANNEX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  dated as of

                                January 16, 2001

                                     among

                             WEBTRENDS CORPORATION

                               NETIQ CORPORATION

                                      and

                         NORTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                              /1/

                                                                              Page
                                                                              ----

                                   ARTICLE 1

                                  Definitions

Section 1.01. Definitions...................................................   1

                                   ARTICLE 2

                                   The Merger

Section 2.01. The Merger....................................................   5
Section 2.02. Conversion of Shares..........................................   5
Section 2.03. Surrender and Payment.........................................   5
Section 2.04. Stock Options.................................................   6
Section 2.05. Employee Stock Purchase Plan..................................   7
Section 2.06. Adjustments...................................................   7
Section 2.07. Fractional Shares.............................................   7
Section 2.08. Withholding Rights............................................   7
Section 2.09. Lost Certificates.............................................   8
Section 2.10. Tax Consequences..............................................   8

                                   ARTICLE 3

                           The Surviving Corporation

Section 3.01. Articles of Incorporation.....................................   8
Section 3.02. Bylaws........................................................   8
Section 3.03. Directors and Officers........................................   8
Section 3.04. Additional Actions............................................   8

                                   ARTICLE 4

                 Representations and Warranties of the Company

Section 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power.................................   8
Section 4.02. Corporate Authorization.......................................   9
Section 4.03. Governmental Authorization....................................   9
Section 4.04. Non-contravention.............................................   9
Section 4.05. Capitalization................................................   9
Section 4.06. Subsidiaries..................................................  10
Section 4.07. SEC Filings...................................................  10
Section 4.08. Financial Statements..........................................  11
Section 4.09. Disclosure Documents..........................................  11
Section 4.10. Agreements, Contracts and Commitments.........................  11
Section 4.11. Absence of Certain Changes....................................  13
Section 4.12. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities...........................  14
Section 4.13. Compliance with Laws and Court Orders.........................  14
Section 4.14. Litigation....................................................  14
Section 4.15. Finders' Fees.................................................  14
Section 4.16. Opinion of Financial Advisor..................................  14

- --------
/1/ The  is not a part of this Agreement.

                                       i

                         --(Continued)

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

Section 4.17. Taxes......................................................  14
Section 4.18. Employee Benefit Plans.....................................  15
Section 4.19. Environmental Matters......................................  17
Section 4.20. Company Intellectual Property..............................  17
Section 4.21. Tax Treatment..............................................  19
Section 4.22. Antitakeover Statutes and Rights Agreement.................  19

                                   ARTICLE 5

                    Representations and Warranties of Parent

Section 5.01. Corporate Existence and Power..............................  19
Section 5.02. Corporate Authorization....................................  19
Section 5.03. Governmental Authorization.................................  19
Section 5.04. Non-contravention..........................................  20
Section 5.05. Capitalization.............................................  20
Section 5.06. Subsidiaries...............................................  20
Section 5.07. SEC Filings................................................  21
Section 5.08. Financial Statements.......................................  21
Section 5.09. Disclosure Documents.......................................  21
Section 5.10. Absence of Certain Changes.................................  22
Section 5.11. Compliance with Laws and Court Orders......................  23
Section 5.12. Litigation.................................................  23
Section 5.13. Finders' Fees..............................................  23
Section 5.14. Opinion of Financial Advisor...............................  23
Section 5.15. Tax Treatment..............................................  23
Section 5.16. Ownership of Company Equity................................  23
Section 5.17. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities........................  23
Section 5.18. Environmental Matters......................................  24
Section 5.19. Parent Intellectual Property...............................  24
Section 5.20. Agreements, Contracts and Commitments......................  25

                                   ARTICLE 6

                            Covenants of the Company

Section 6.01. Conduct of the Company.....................................  26
Section 6.02. Shareholder Meeting; Proxy Material........................  26
Section 6.03. No Solicitation............................................  27
Section 6.04. Required Consents..........................................  28

                                   ARTICLE 7

                              Covenants of Parent

Section 7.01. Conduct of Parent..........................................  28
Section 7.02. Obligations of Merger Subsidiary...........................  29
Section 7.03. Director and Officer Liability.............................  29
Section 7.04. Registration Statement; Stockholder Meeting; Proxy
 Material................................................................  29
Section 7.05. Nasdaq Stock Market Listing................................  29
Section 7.06. Board of Director Membership...............................  29
Section 7.07. Employee Benefits..........................................  30
Section 7.08. Consultation on Certain Matters............................  30

                                       ii

                         --(Continued)

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

                                   ARTICLE 8

                      Covenants of Parent and the Company

Section 8.01. Reasonable Efforts.........................................  30
Section 8.02. Certain Filings............................................  30
Section 8.03. Public Announcements.......................................  30
Section 8.04. Further Assurances.........................................  31
Section 8.05. Access to Information......................................  31
Section 8.06. Notices of Certain Events..................................  31
Section 8.07. Confidentiality............................................  31
Section 8.08. Tax-free Reorganization; Purchase Accounting...............  32
Section 8.09. Affiliates.................................................  32
Section 8.10. 401(k) Plan................................................  32
Section 8.11. Section 16.................................................  32

                                   ARTICLE 9

                            Conditions to the Merger

Section 9.01. Conditions to Obligations of Each Party....................  32
Section 9.02. Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger
              Subsidiary.................................................  33
Section 9.03. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company...............  33

                                   ARTICLE 10

                                  Termination

Section 10.01  Termination...............................................  34
Section 10.02  Effect of Termination.....................................  35

                                   ARTICLE 11

                                 Miscellaneous

Section 11.01  Notices...................................................  35
Section 11.02  Survival of Representations and Warranties................  36
Section 11.03  Amendments; No Waivers....................................  36
Section 11.04  Expenses..................................................  36
Section 11.05  Successors and Assigns....................................  37
Section 11.06  Governing Law.............................................  37
Section 11.07  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL......................................  37
Section 11.08  Counterparts; Effectiveness...............................  37
Section 11.09  Entire Agreement..........................................  37
Section 11.10  Captions..................................................  37
Section 11.11  Severability..............................................  37
Section 11.12  Specific Performance......................................  37

                                      iii

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of January 16, 2001 among WebTrends
Corporation, an Oregon corporation ("Company"), NetIQ Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), and North Acquisition Corporation, an Oregon
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Subsidiary").

                                    RECITALS

   A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance with the Oregon Business Corporation Act ("Oregon Law"), Parent and
Company will enter into a business combination transaction pursuant to which
Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into Company (the "Merger").

   B. The Board of Directors of Parent (i) has determined that the Merger is
consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Parent
and fair to, advisable and in the best interests of, Parent and its
stockholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) has determined to
recommend that the stockholders of Parent vote to approve the issuance of
shares of Parent Stock (as defined below) to the shareholders of Company
pursuant to the terms of the Merger.

   C. The Board of Directors of Company (i) has determined that the Merger is
consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of
Company and fair to, advisable and in the best interests of, Company and its
shareholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) has determined to
recommend the approval of this Agreement and the Merger by the shareholders of
Company.

   D. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and
inducement to Parent's and Company's willingness to enter into this Agreement,
certain affiliates of Company shall enter into a Voting Agreement in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Voting Agreement").

   E. Parent, Company and Merger Subsidiary desire to make certain
representations and warranties and other agreements in connection with the
Merger.

   F. The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

   NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and
representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

                                  Definitions

   Section 1.01. Definitions. (a) The following terms, as used herein, have the
following meanings:

   "Acquisition Proposal" means, other than the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, any offer or proposal for, any indication of interest in, or
any submission of inquiries from any Third Party relating to (A) any
acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of 20% or more of the consolidated
assets of Company and Company Subsidiaries or over 20% of any class of equity
or voting securities of Company or any Company Subsidiaries whose assets,
individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the consolidated
assets of Company, (B) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or
exchange offer that, if consummated, would

                                      A-1

result in such Third Party's beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of
equity or voting securities of Company or any Company Subsidiaries whose
assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the
consolidated assets of Company or (C) a merger, consolidation, share exchange,
business combination, sale of substantially all the assets, reorganization,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction
involving Company or any Company Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in
the aggregate, constitute more than 20% of the consolidated assets of Company.

   "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such
Person.

   "Business Day" means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks in California are authorized or required by law to
close.

   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

   "Company Balance Sheet" means the consolidated balance sheets of Company as
of December 31, 1999 and the footnotes thereto set forth in the Company 10-K .

   "Company Balance Sheet Date" means December 31, 1999.

   "Company Stock" means the common stock, no par value, of Company.

   "Company 10-K" means Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1999.

   "Delaware Law" means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

   "Environmental Laws" means any federal, state, local or foreign law
(including, without limitation, any enforceable judicial or administrative
interpretation thereof), treaty, judicial decision, regulation, rule, judgment,
order, decree, injunction, permit or governmental restriction or requirement or
any agreement with any governmental authority, relating to human health and
safety, the environment or to pollutants, contaminants, wastes or chemicals or
any toxic, radioactive, ignitable, corrosive, reactive or otherwise hazardous
substances, wastes or materials.

   "Environmental Permits" means all permits, licenses, franchises,
certificates, approvals and other similar authorizations of governmental
authorities relating to or required by Environmental Laws and affecting, or
relating in any way to, the business of Company or any Company Subsidiary as
currently conducted.

   "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

   "ERISA Affiliate" of any entity means any other entity that, together with
such entity, would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the
Code.

   "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied.

   "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended.

   "Knowledge" of any Person that is not an individual means the knowledge of
such Person's officers after reasonable inquiry.

   "Lien" means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien,
pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance or other adverse claim of any
kind in respect of such property or asset other than restrictions on transfer
imposed by federal or state securities laws. For purposes of this Agreement, a
Person shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any property or asset that it
has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or

                                      A-2

lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title
retention agreement relating to such property or asset.

   "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to any Person, a material
adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), business, assets or
results of operations of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, it
being understood that a decline in stock price shall not constitute, in and of
itself, a Material Adverse Effect.

   "1933 Act" means the Securities Act of 1993.

   "1934 Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

   "Officer" of any Person means any executive officer of such Person within
the meaning of Rule 3b-7 under the 1934 Act.

   "Parent Balance Sheet" means the consolidated balance sheets of Parent as of
June 30, 2000 and the footnotes therein set forth in the Parent 10-K.

   "Parent Balance Sheet Date" means June 30, 2000.

   "Parent Stock" means the common stock, $0.001 par value, of Parent.

   "Parent 10-K" means Parent's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2000.

   "Person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

   "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

   "Shareholder" means a holder of record of Company common stock immediately
prior to the Effective Time.

   "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any entity of which
securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a
majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar
functions are at any time directly or indirectly owned by such Person.

   "Third Party" means any Person as defined in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act,
other than Parent or any of its Affiliates.

   Any reference in this Agreement to a statute shall be to such statute, as
amended from time to time, and to the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

                                      A-3

   (b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite
such term:

   Term                                                                  Section
   ----                                                                  -------

   368 Reorganization..................................................     4.21
   Adjusted Option.....................................................     2.04
   Certificates........................................................     2.03
   Closing.............................................................     2.01
   Closing Date........................................................     2.01
   Company............................................................. Preamble
   Company Employee....................................................     7.07
   Company Intellectual Property.......................................     4.20
   Company Insider.....................................................     8.11
   Company Proxy Statement.............................................     4.09
   Company Registered Intellectual Property............................     4.20
   Company SEC Documents...............................................     4.07
   Company Securities..................................................     4.05
   Company Stockholder Meeting.........................................     6.02
   Company Stock Option................................................     2.04
   Company Stock Option Plan...........................................     2.04
   Company Subsidiaries................................................     4.06
   Company Subsidiaries Securities.....................................     4.06
   Confidentiality Agreement...........................................     6.03
   Effective Time......................................................     2.01
   Employee Plans......................................................     4.18
   End Date............................................................    10.01
   Exchange Agent......................................................     2.03
   Fixed Exchange Ratio................................................     2.02
   Indemnified Person..................................................     7.03
   Intellectual Property...............................................     4.20
   Merger.............................................................. Recitals
   Merger Consideration................................................     2.02
   Merger Subsidiary................................................... Preamble
   Multiemployer Plan..................................................     4.18
   Oregon Law.......................................................... Recitals
   Parent ............................................................. Preamble
   Parent Benefit Plans................................................     7.07
   Parent Intellectual Property........................................     5.19
   Parent Proxy Statement .............................................     5.09
   Parent Registered Intellectual Property.............................     5.19
   Parent SEC Documents................................................     5.07
   Parent Stockholder Meeting..........................................     7.04
   Payment Event.......................................................    11.04
   Registration Statement..............................................     5.09
   Registered Intellectual Property....................................     4.20
   Superior Proposal...................................................     6.03
   Surviving Corporation...............................................     2.01
   Taxes...............................................................     4.17
   Taxing Authority....................................................     4.17
   Voting Agreement.................................................... Recitals

                                      A-4

                                   ARTICLE 2

                                   The Merger

   Section 2.01. The Merger. (a) At the Effective Time (as defined below),
Merger Subsidiary shall be merged with and into Company in accordance with
Oregon Law, whereupon the separate existence of Merger Subsidiary shall cease,
and Company shall be the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").

   (b) Subject to the provision of this Agreement, Company and Merger
Subsidiary will file the articles of merger with the Oregon Secretary of State
and make all other filings or recordings required by Oregon Law in connection
with the Merger as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date (as herein
defined). The Merger shall become effective at such time (the "Effective Time")
as the articles of merger is duly filed with the Oregon Secretary of State (or
at such later time as may be specified in the articles of merger). The closing
of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the office of Davis Polk &
Wardwell, 1600 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California, at a time and date to be
specified by the parties, which shall be no later than the second business date
after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 9, or
at such other time, date and location as the parties hereto agree in writing
(the "Closing Date").

   (c) At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in
this Agreement and applicable provisions of Oregon Law. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall possess all the rights, powers, privileges and
franchises and be subject to all of the obligations, liabilities, restrictions
and disabilities of Company and Merger Subsidiary.

   Section 2.02. Conversion of Shares. At the Effective Time, (a) except as
otherwise provided in Section 2.02(b), each share of Company Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to
receive 0.48 shares of Parent Stock (the "Fixed Exchange Ratio" and together
with the cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Stock as specified below,
the "Merger Consideration");

   (b) each share of Company Stock held by Company as treasury stock or owned
by Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled, and no
payment shall be made with respect thereto; and

   (c) each share of common stock of Merger Subsidiary outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one share of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and
privileges as the shares so converted and shall constitute the only outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

   Section 2.03. Surrender and Payment. (a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent
shall appoint an agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the purpose of exchanging
certificates representing shares of Company Stock (the "Certificates") for the
Merger Consideration. Parent will make available to the Exchange Agent, as
needed, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the shares of Company
Stock and any dividends or distributions to which holder of Company Stock may
be entitled pursuant to Section 2.03(f). Promptly after the Effective Time (and
in any event no later than five Business Days after receipt by Parent of a
complete list from Company of the names and addresses of its shareholders of
record), Parent will send, or will cause the Exchange Agent to send, to each
holder of shares of Company Stock at the Effective Time a letter of transmittal
and instructions (which shall specify that the delivery shall be effected, and
risk of loss and title shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent) for use in such exchange.

   (b) Each holder of shares of Company Stock that have been converted into the
right to receive the Merger Consideration will receive, upon surrender to the
Exchange Agent of a Certificate, together with a properly completed and validly
executed letter of transmittal in accordance with the instructions thereto, the
Merger Consideration in respect of Company Stock represented by such
Certificate. Until so surrendered, each such Certificate shall represent from
and after the Effective Time for all corporate purposes, subject to Section

                                      A-5

2.03(f) as to the payment of dividends or other distributions, the ownership of
the number of full shares of Parent Stock into which such shares of Company
Stock shall have been so converted and the right to receive such Merger
Consideration and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section
2.03(f).

   (c) If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be issued to a Person
other than the Person in whose name the Certificate is registered, it shall be
a condition to such issuance that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed and guaranteed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer
and that the Person requesting such issuance shall pay to the Exchange Agent
any transfer or other Taxes required as a result of such payment to a Person
other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the
satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not
payable.

   (d) After the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of
transfers of shares of Company Stock. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be canceled
and exchanged for the Merger Consideration provided for, and in accordance with
the procedures set forth, in this Article.

   (e) Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to the Exchange
Agent pursuant to Section 2.03(a) that remains unclaimed by the holders of
shares of Company Stock six months after the Effective Time shall be returned
to Parent, upon demand, and any such holder who has not exchanged them for the
Merger Consideration in accordance with this Section prior to that time shall
thereafter look only to Parent for payment of the Merger Consideration, and any
dividends and distributions with respect thereto, in respect of such shares
without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall not
be liable to any holder of shares of Company Stock for any amounts paid to a
public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar
laws. Any amounts remaining unclaimed by holders of shares of Company Stock
immediately prior to such time when the amounts would otherwise escheat to or
become property of any governmental authority shall become, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, the property of Parent free and clear of any
claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

   (f) No dividends or other distributions with respect to securities of Parent
constituting part of the Merger Consideration with a record date after the
Effective Time, and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares as provided in
Section 2.07, shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificates
until such Certificates are surrendered as provided in this Section. Following
such surrender, there shall be paid, without interest, to the Person in whose
name the securities of Parent have been registered, (i) at the time of such
surrender, the amount of any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares to which
such Person is entitled pursuant to Section 2.07 and the amount of all
dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time
previously paid or payable on the date of such surrender with respect to such
securities, and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends
or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time and prior to
surrender and with a payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect
to such securities.

   Section 2.04. Stock Options. (a) The terms of each outstanding option (a
"Company Stock Option") to purchase shares of Company Stock under any employee
stock option or compensation plan or arrangement of the Company (a "Company
Stock Option Plan"), whether or not exercisable or vested, shall be adjusted as
necessary to provide that, at the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be deemed to
constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were
applicable under such Company Stock Option, the same number of shares of Parent
Stock as the holder of such Company Stock Option would have been entitled to
receive pursuant to the Merger had such holder exercised such Company Stock
Option in full immediately prior to the Effective Time, at a price per share of
Parent Stock equal to (A) the aggregate exercise price for the shares of
Company Stock otherwise purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock Option
divided by (B) the aggregate number of shares of Parent Stock deemed
purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock Option (each, as so adjusted, an
"Adjusted Option"), provided that any fractional share of Parent Stock
resulting from an aggregation of all the shares of a holder subject to Company
Stock Option shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share, and provided
further that,

                                      A-6

for any Company Stock Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies by reason
of its qualification under any of Sections 422 through 424 of the Code, the
option price, the number of shares purchasable pursuant to such option and the
terms and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in order to
comply with Section 424 of the Code.

   (b) Prior to the Effective Time, Company shall take any actions that are
necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.04.

   (c) Parent shall take such actions as are necessary for the assumption of
the Company Stock Options pursuant to this Section 2.04, including the
reservation, issuance and listing of Parent Stock as is necessary to effectuate
the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.04. Parent shall prepare and
file with the SEC a registration statement on an appropriate form, or a post-
effective amendment to a registration statement previously filed under the 1933
Act, with respect to the shares of Parent Stock subject to the Adjusted Option
and, where applicable, shall have such registration statement declared
effective as soon as is reasonably practicable following the Effective Time and
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement covering such
Adjusted Option (and to maintain the current status of the prospectus contained
therein) for so long as such Adjusted Option remains outstanding.

   Section 2.05. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Prior to the Effective Time,
outstanding purchase rights under the Company ESPP shall be exercised in
accordance with Section 21.3 of the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
"Company ESPP") and each share of Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to
such exercise shall by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part
of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration with respect to the number of shares of Company Common Stock that
were issuable upon exercise of such purchase rights under the Company ESPP
immediately prior to the Effective Time and any dividends or distributions to
which such holder may be entitled pursuant to Section 2.03(f) without issuance
of certificates representing issued and outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock to Company ESPP participants. Parent agrees that as soon as practicable
after the Effective Time it shall cause certificates representing shares of
Parent Stock, together with any cash portion of the Merger Consideration and
such dividends or distributions required by Section 2.03(f), to be delivered to
such holders in satisfaction of such holders rights under this Section 2.05
with no further action required by such holders. Company agrees that it shall
terminate the Company ESPP immediately following the aforesaid purchase of
shares of Company Common Stock thereunder. Parent further agrees that it shall
use its best efforts to ensure that all Company employees or Parent employees
who were Company employees immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
eligible to participate in the Parent 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of
the first offering period thereunder following the Effective Time.

   Section 2.06. Adjustments. The Fixed Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to
reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for Parent Common Stock or Company Common
Stock), extraordinary cash dividend, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with
respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock occurring or having a
record date on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

   Section 2.07. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Parent Stock shall
be issued in the Merger. All fractional shares of Parent Stock that a holder of
shares of Company Stock would otherwise be entitled to receive as a result of
the Merger shall be aggregated and if a fractional share results from such
aggregation, such holder shall be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof, an
amount in cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) without interest determined
by multiplying the average closing sale price of a share of Parent Stock on the
Nasdaq National Market on the five (5) trading day immediately preceding the
Effective Time by the fraction of a share of Parent Stock to which such holder
would otherwise have been entitled.

   Section 2.08. Withholding Rights. Each of the Surviving Corporation and
Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Article such

                                      A-7

amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of
such payment under any provision of federal, state, local or foreign tax law.
If the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, so withholds
amounts, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Stock or Company Stock
Option, as the case may be, in respect of which the Surviving Corporation or
Parent, as the case may be, made such deduction and withholding.

   Section 2.09. Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such
reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct, as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the
Exchange Agent will issue, in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate, the Merger Consideration and any dividends or distributions
pursuant to Section 2.03(f) to be paid in respect of the shares of Company
Stock represented by such Certificate, as contemplated by this Article.

   Section 2.10. Tax Consequences. It is intended that the Merger shall
constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
and that this Agreement shall constitute a "plan of reorganization" for the
purposes of the Code.

                                   ARTICLE 3

                           The Surviving Corporation

   Section 3.01. Articles of Incorporation. At the Effective Time, (i) the
Third Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation as in
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be amended so as to
contain the provisions, and only the provisions, contained immediately prior
thereto in the Articles of Incorporation of Merger Subsidiary, except for
Article I thereof which shall continue to read "The name of the corporation is
WebTrends Corporation".

   Section 3.02. Bylaws. The bylaws of Merger Subsidiary in effect at the
Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until amended
in accordance with applicable law.

   Section 3.03. Directors and Officers. From and after the Effective Time,
until successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with
applicable law, (i) the directors of Merger Subsidiary at the Effective Time
shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation and (ii) the officers of
Merger Subsidiary at the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation.

   Section 3.04. Additional Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall consider or be advised that any further deeds,
assignments or assurances in law or any other acts are necessary or desirable
to (a) vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving
Corporation its right, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights,
properties or assets of Company, or (b) otherwise carry out the provisions of
this Agreement, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are
authorized to take, and will take, any and all such lawful actions.

                                   ARTICLE 4

                 Representations and Warranties of the Company

   Company represents and warrants to Parent, subject to such exceptions as are
specifically disclosed in the disclosure letter supplied by Company to Parent
dated as of the date hereof, which disclosure shall provide an exception to or
otherwise qualify the representations or warranties of Company contained in the
section of this Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure and the
other representations and warranties herein to the extent such disclosure shall
reasonably appear to be applicable to such other representations or warranties
that:

   Section 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power. Company is a corporation duly
incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of Oregon and has
all corporate powers and all governmental licenses,

                                      A-8

authorizations, permits, consents and approvals required to carry on its
business as now conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals the absence of which would not have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Company is duly qualified
to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except
for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Company
has heretofore delivered to Parent true and complete copies of the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of Company as currently in effect and no amendments
have been made to such documents since the date of such delivery.

   Section 4.02. Corporate Authorization. (a) The execution, delivery and
performance by Company of this Agreement and the consummation by Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby are within Company's corporate powers and,
except for the required approval of Company's shareholders in connection with
the consummation of the Merger, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Company. The affirmative vote of the holders of
at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Stock is the only vote
of the holders of any of Company's capital stock necessary in connection with
the consummation of the Merger. Assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and, if applicable, Merger Subsidiary,
this Agreement constitute valid and binding agreements of Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms.

   (b) At a meeting duly called and held, Company's Board of Directors has (i)
unanimously determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby are fair to and in the best interests of Company's shareholders, (ii)
unanimously approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and (iii) unanimously resolved (subject to Section 6.03(b))
to recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement by its shareholders.

   Section 4.03. Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by Company of this Agreement and the consummation by Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or
filing with, any governmental body, agency, official or authority, domestic,
foreign or supranational, other than (i) the filing of the articles of merger
with respect to the Merger with the Oregon Secretary of State and appropriate
documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which Company is
qualified to do business, (ii) compliance with any applicable requirements of
the HSR Act, (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act,
the 1934 Act, and any other applicable securities laws, whether state or
foreign, (iv) any actions or filings the absence of which would not be
reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Company or the Surviving Corporation or materially to impair
the ability of Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   Section 4.04. Non-contravention. The execution and delivery by Company of
this Agreement do not and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will
not (i) contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of any
provision of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Company, (ii) assuming
compliance with the matters referred to in Section 4.03, contravene, conflict
with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any applicable law,
statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction, order, or decree,
(iii) require any consent or other action by any Person under, constitute a
default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both,
would constitute a default, under, or cause or permit the termination,
cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the
loss of any benefit to which Company or Company Subsidiaries are entitled under
any provision of any agreement or other instrument binding upon Company or
Company Subsidiaries or any license, franchise, permit, certificate, approval
or other similar authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the assets
or business of Company and Company Subsidiaries or (iv) result in the creation
or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Company or Company Subsidiaries,
except for such contraventions, conflicts and violations referred to in clause
(ii).

   Section 4.05. Capitalization. (a) The authorized capital stock of Company
consists of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value per share of which
there were 26,425,505 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2000,
and 15,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no par value per share of which no
shares

                                      A-9

are issued or outstanding. As of December 31, 2000 5,788,384 shares were
reserved for issuance under the Company Stock Option Plans, of which 1,421,356
shares were issued and outstanding pursuant to exercised options, 4,783,059
shares were subject to outstanding options (of which options to purchase
555,401 shares were exercisable) and 1,076,709 shares were available for future
grant. As of December 31, 2000, there were reserved for issuance under the
Company ESPP 1,465,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 61,540 shares were
issued pursuant to exercised options, and 1,403,460 shares were available for
future issuance. All outstanding shares of capital stock of Company have been,
and all shares that may be issued pursuant to the 1997 Stock Incentive
Compensation Plan, the Amended and Restated 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and the
1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended, will be, when issued in
accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. No outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are
subject to lapsing rights of repurchase, vesting or similar provisions. Other
than vesting of stock options over time based on continuing service with
Company, there are no securities of Company that shall become vested or
exercisable based on performance or other contingencies. No Company Subsidiary
owns any shares of Company Stock.

   (b) Except as set forth in this Section 4.05 and for changes since December
31, 2000 resulting from the exercise of employee stock options outstanding on
such date, or issuances under the Company ESPP, there are no outstanding (i)
shares of capital stock or voting securities of Company, (ii) securities of
Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting
securities of Company or (iii) options or other rights to acquire from Company,
or other obligation of Company to issue, any capital stock, voting securities
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting
securities of Company (the items in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) being referred
to collectively as the "Company Securities"). There are no outstanding
obligations of Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any of Company Securities.

   Section 4.06. Subsidiaries. (a) Schedule 4.06 lists all Subsidiaries of
Company and their jurisdictions of incorporation ("Company Subsidiaries").
Company Subsidiaries are duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of their jurisdictions of incorporation, have all
corporate powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals required to carry on their respective businesses as now
conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and
approvals the absence of which would not have, individually and in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Company Subsidiaries are duly
qualified to do business as foreign corporations and are in good standing as
foreign corporations in each jurisdiction where such qualification is
necessary, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified
would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Company.

   (b) All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other voting securities or
ownership interests in, Company Subsidiaries, is owned by Company, directly or
indirectly, free and clear of any Lien and free of any other limitation or
restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise
dispose of such capital stock or other voting securities or ownership
interests). There are no outstanding (i) securities of Company or Company
Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in Company Subsidiaries or (ii)
options or other rights to acquire from Company or Company Subsidiaries, or
other obligation of Company or Company Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock
or other voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in, Company Subsidiaries (the items in
clauses (i) and (ii) being referred to collectively as the "Company
Subsidiaries Securities"). There are no outstanding obligations of Company or
Company Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of Company
Subsidiaries Securities.

   Section 4.07. SEC Filings. (a) Company has timely filed all forms, reports,
schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed by it since
February 18, 1999 under the 1933 Act or 1934 Act (the "Company SEC Documents").
Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of Company SEC
Documents.

                                      A-10

   (b) As of its filing date, each Company SEC Document complied as to form in
all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the
1934 Act, as the case may be.

   (c) As of its filing date (or, if amended or superceded by a filing prior
to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), each Company SEC Document
filed pursuant to the 1934 Act did not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

   (d) Each Company SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended
or supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, as of the date
such registration statement or amendment became effective, did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.

   (e) The Company Subsidiaries are not required to file any forms, reports or
other documents with the SEC.

   Section 4.08. Financial Statements. The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Company
included in the Company SEC Documents (i) complied as to form in all material
respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto, (ii) were prepared in conformity with GAAP (except as may be
indicated in the notes thereto), and (iii) fairly present the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its consolidated Company Subsidiaries as
of the dates thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended (subject to normal year-end adjustments in
the case of any unaudited interim financial statements).

   Section 4.09. Disclosure Documents. (a) The proxy or information statement
of Company to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Merger (the
"Company Proxy Statement") and any amendments or supplements thereto will,
when filed, comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the 1934 Act. At the time the Company Proxy Statement or any
amendment or supplement thereto is first mailed to shareholders of Company,
and at the time such shareholders vote on adoption of this Agreement, the
Company Proxy Statement, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, will not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 4.09(a) will not
apply to statements or omissions included in the Company Proxy Statement based
upon information furnished to Company by Parent or Merger Subsidiary
specifically for use therein.

   (b) None of the information provided by Company for inclusion in the
Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or in the Parent
Proxy Statement, at the time the Registration Statement or any amendment or
supplement becomes effective or at the time the Parent Proxy Statement is
first mailed to Parent's stockholders, and at the time such stockholders vote
upon the issuance of shares of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger and
at the Effective Time, will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein not misleading.

   Section 4.10 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments. Neither Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is a party to or is bound by:

   (a) any employment or consulting agreement, contract or commitment with any
officer or director or higher level employee or member of Company's Board of
Directors, other than those that are terminable by Company or any Company
Subsidiary on no more than thirty (30) days' notice without liability or
financial obligation to Company.

   (b) any agreement or plan, including, without limitation, any stock option
plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the
benefits of which will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will
be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated
on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                                     A-11

   (c) any agreement of indemnification or any guaranty other than (i) any
agreement of indemnification entered into in connection with the sale or
license of software products in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) any
indemnification obligation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to its
officers or directors;

   (d) any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant limiting
in any respect the right of Company or any Company Subsidiary to engage in any
line of business or to compete with any person or granting any exclusive
distribution rights;

   (e) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force relating to the
disposition or acquisition by Company or any Company Subsidiary after the date
of this Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary course of
business or pursuant to which Company has any material ownership interest in
any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business enterprise other
than Company Subsidiaries;

   (f) any dealer, distributor, joint marketing or development agreement
currently in force under which Company or any Company Subsidiary has continuing
material obligations to jointly market any product, technology or service and
which may not be canceled without penalty upon notice of ninety (90) days or
less and, in the case of dealer, distributor or joint marketing agreements,
which involve payments by or to the Company of $500,000 or more, or any
material agreement pursuant to which Company or any Company Subsidiary has
continuing material obligations to jointly develop any intellectual property
that will not be owned, in whole or in part, by Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (g) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to provide
source code to any third party for any product or technology other than source
code escrow agreements or other similar arrangements entered into in the normal
course of business;

   (h) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to license any
third party to manufacture or reproduce any Company product, service or
technology or any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to sell
or distribute any Company products, including any parts or components thereof,
service or technology except agreements with distributors or sales
representative in the normal course of business cancelable without penalty upon
notice of ninety (90) days or less and substantially in the form previously
provided to Parent;

   (i) any material mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit
agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of
money or extension of credit;

   (j) any settlement agreement entered into prior to the date of this
Agreement; or

   (k) any other agreement, contract or commitment that includes receipts or
expenditures of $1,000,000 or more individually.

   Neither Company nor any Company Subsidiaries, nor to Company's knowledge any
other party to a Company Contract (as defined below), is in breach, violation
or default under, and neither Company nor any Company Subsidiaries has received
written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the
material terms or conditions of any of the agreements, contracts or commitments
to which Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound
that are required to be disclosed as exceptions to this Section 4.10 (any such
agreement, contract or commitment, a "Company Contract") in such a manner as
would permit any other party to cancel or terminate any such Company Contract,
or would permit any other party to seek material damages or other remedies (for
any or all of such breaches, violations or defaults, in the aggregate.)

   Each Company Contract: (i) is valid and binding on the Company or its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be and, to the knowledge of the Company, on the
other parties thereto, and is in full force and effect, and (ii) upon
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall continue
in full force and effect without penalty or other adverse consequence. To the
knowledge of the Company, no other party to any Company Contract is in material
breach thereof or material default thereunder.

                                      A-12

   Section 4.11. Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2000, the
business of Company and Company Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary
course consistent with past practices and there has not been:

   (a) any event, occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company;

   (b) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of Company or Company
Subsidiaries, or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by Company or
any Company Subsidiaries of any outstanding shares of capital stock or other
securities of, or other ownership interests in, Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (c) any amendment of any material term of any outstanding security of
Company or Company Subsidiaries;

   (d) any incurrence, assumption or guarantee by Company or Company
Subsidiaries of any indebtedness for borrowed money other than in the ordinary
course of business and in amounts and on terms consistent with past practices;

   (e) any creation or other incurrence by Company or Company Subsidiaries of
any Lien on any material asset other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;

   (f) any making of any material loan, advance or capital contributions to or
investment in any Person other than loans, advances or capital contributions to
or investments in any Company Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;

   (g) any damage, destruction or other casualty loss (whether or not covered
by insurance) affecting the business or assets of Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (h) any transaction or commitment made, or any contract or agreement entered
into, by Company or Company Subsidiaries relating to its assets or business
(including the acquisition or disposition of any assets) or any relinquishment
by Company or Company Subsidiaries of any contract or other right, in either
case, material to Company and Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other
than transactions and commitments in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices and those contemplated by this Agreement;

   (i) any change in any method of accounting, method of tax accounting or
accounting principles or practice by Company or Company Subsidiaries, except
for any such change required by reason of a concurrent change in GAAP or
Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act;

   (j) any (i) grant of any severance or termination pay to (or amendment to
any existing arrangement with) any director, officer or employee of Company or
Company Subsidiaries, (ii) increase in benefits payable under any existing
severance or termination pay policies or employment agreements, (iii) entering
into any employment, deferred compensation or other similar agreement (or any
amendment to any such existing agreement) with any director, officer or
employee of Company or Company Subsidiaries, (iv) establishment, adoption or
amendment (except as required by applicable law) of any collective bargaining,
bonus, profit-sharing, thrift, pension, retirement, deferred compensation,
compensation, stock option, restricted stock or other benefit plan or
arrangement covering any director, officer or employee of Company or any
Company Subsidiary or (v) increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits
payable to any director, officer or employee of Company or Company
Subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice;

   (k) any material Tax election made or changed, any annual tax accounting
period changed, any method of tax accounting adopted or changed, any material
amended Tax Returns or claims for material Tax refunds filed, any material
closing agreement entered into, any material Tax claim, audit or assessment
settled, or any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction
in Tax liability surrendered; or

                                      A-13

   (l) any revaluation by Company or Company Subsidiaries of any of its assets,
including, without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory
or writing off notes or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course
of business.

   Section 4.12. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities. There are no liabilities
or obligations of Company or any Company Subsidiary of any kind whatsoever,
whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise,
of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes
to consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, other
than:

   (a) liabilities or obligations disclosed and provided for in the Company
Balance Sheet or in the notes thereto or in the Company SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, and

   (b) liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices since the Company Balance Sheet Date that are
immaterial in the aggregate.

   Section 4.13. Compliance with Laws and Court Orders. Company and Company
Subsidiaries are and have been in compliance with, and to the knowledge of
Company, are not under investigation with respect to and have not been
threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation of, any
applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction,
order or decree, except for failures to comply or violations that have not had
and could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Company.

   Section 4.14. Litigation. Except as set forth in Company SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding
(or to the knowledge of the Company any basis therefor) pending against, or, to
the knowledge of Company, threatened against, Company, Company Subsidiaries,
any present or former officer, director or employee of Company or Company
Subsidiaries or any Person for whom Company or Company Subsidiaries may be
liable or any of their respective properties before any court or arbitrator or
before or by any governmental body, agency or official, domestic, foreign or
supranational, that, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with the
plaintiff's demands, could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company or that in any manner
challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated hereby.

   Section 4.15. Finders' Fees. Except for Dain Rauscher Wessels, a copy of
whose engagement agreement dated January 8, 2001 has been provided to Parent,
there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary that has
been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Company or Company
Subsidiaries who might be entitled to any fee or commission from Company or any
of its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   Section 4.16. Opinion of Financial Advisor. Company has received the opinion
of Dain Rauscher Wessels, financial advisor to Company, to the effect that, as
of the date of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair to Company's
shareholders from a financial point of view.

   Section 4.17. Taxes. (a) All material Tax Returns required by applicable law
to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or on behalf of, Company or Company
Subsidiaries have been filed when due in accordance with all applicable laws,
and all such material Tax Returns were (at the time they were filed), or will
be at the time of filing, true and complete in all material respects.

   (b) Company and Company Subsidiaries has paid (or has had paid on its
behalf) or has withheld and remitted to the appropriate Taxing Authority all
material Taxes due and payable prior to the date hereof, or, where payment is
not yet due, has established (or has had established on its behalf and for its
sole benefit and recourse) in accordance with GAAP an adequate accrual for all
material Taxes through the end of the last period for which Company and Company
Subsidiaries ordinarily record items on their respective books.

                                      A-14

   (c) There is no claim, audit, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, or
any basis therefore, now pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened
against or with respect to Company or Company Subsidiaries in respect of any
Tax or Tax asset.

   (d) Schedule 4.17(d) contains a list of all jurisdictions in which Company
or Company Subsidiaries currently files Tax Returns.

   (e) Company and Company Subsidiaries as of the Effective Time will have
withheld with respect to its employees all Taxes required to be withheld from
such employees' salaries, wages and other compensation, except such Taxes which
are not material to Company.

   (f) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries have executed any unexpired
waiver of any statute of limitations on or extending the period for the
assessment or collection of any Tax.

   (g) No material adjustments relating to any Tax Returns filed by Company or
Company Subsidiaries has been proposed in writing formally or informally by any
Taxing Authority to Company or Company Subsidiaries or any representative
thereof.

   (h) There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company or
any Company Subsidiary is a party as of the date of this Agreement, including
but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement, concerning any employee or
former employee of Company or Company Subsidiaries that, individually or
collectively, would reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any
amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of
the Code. There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangements to which
Company is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any individual for
excise taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code.

   (i) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries has filed any consent agreement
under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(2) of the
Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in Section
341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by Company or Company Subsidiaries.

   (j) "Tax" means (i) any tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or
charge of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, withholding on
amounts paid to or by any Person), together with any interest, penalty,
addition to tax or additional similar amount imposed by any governmental
authority (a "Taxing Authority") responsible for the imposition of any such tax
(domestic or foreign), and any liability for any of the foregoing as
transferee, (ii) in the case of Company or Company Subsidiaries, liability for
the payment of any amount of the type described in clause (i) as a result of
being or having been before the Closing Date a member of an affiliated,
consolidated, combined or unitary group, or a party to any agreement or
arrangement, as a result of which liability of Company or Company Subsidiaries
to a Taxing Authority is determined or taken into account with reference to the
activities of any other Person, and (iii) liability of Company or Company
Subsidiaries for the payment of any amount as a result of being party to any
Tax sharing agreement or with respect to the payment of any amount imposed on
any person of the type described in (i) or (ii) as a result of any existing
express or implied agreement or arrangement (including, but not limited to, an
indemnification agreement or arrangement). "Tax Return" shall mean any report,
return, document, declaration or other information or filing required to be
supplied to any Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes, including information
returns, any documents with respect to or accompanying payments of estimated
Taxes, or with respect to or accompanying requests for the extension of time in
which to file any such report, return, document, declaration or other
information.

   Section 4.18. Employee Benefit Plans. (a) Schedule 4.18 contains a correct
and complete list identifying each material "employee benefit plan", as defined
in Section 3(3) of ERISA, each employment, severance or similar contract, plan,
arrangement or policy and each other plan or arrangement (written or oral)
providing for compensation, bonuses, profit-sharing, stock option or other
stock related rights or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation,
vacation benefits, insurance (including any self-insured arrangements),

                                      A-15

health or medical benefits, employee assistance program, disability or sick
leave benefits, workers' compensation, supplemental unemployment benefits,
severance benefits and post-employment or retirement benefits (including
compensation, pension, health, medical or life insurance benefits) which is
maintained, administered or contributed to by Company or any ERISA Affiliate
and covers any employee or former employee of Company or any Company
Subsidiary, or with respect to which Company or any Company Subsidiary has any
liability. Copies of such plans (and, if applicable, related trust or funding
agreements or insurance policies) and all amendments thereto and written
interpretations thereof have been furnished to Parent together with the most
recent annual report (Form 5500 including, if applicable, Schedule B thereto)
and tax return (Form 990) prepared in connection with any such plan or trust.
Such plans are referred to collectively herein as the "Employee Plans".

   (b) Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate nor any predecessor thereof
sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or has in the past six years sponsored,
maintained or contributed to, any employee plan subject to Title IV of ERISA.

   (c) Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate nor any predecessor thereof
contributes to, or has in the past six years contributed to, any multiemployer
plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA (a "Multiemployer Plan").

   (d) Each Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section
401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter, or has
pending or has time remaining in which to file, an application for such
determination from the Internal Revenue Service, and Company is not aware of
any reason why any such determination letter should be revoked. Company has
made available to Parent copies of the most recent Internal Revenue Service
determination letters with respect to each such Employee Plan. Each Employee
Plan has been maintained in material compliance with its terms and with the
requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, orders, rules and regulations,
including but not limited to ERISA and the Code, which are applicable to such
Employee Plan. No material events have occurred with respect to any Employee
Plan that could result in payment or assessment by or against Company of any
material excise taxes under Sections 4972, 4975, 4976, 4977, 4979, 4980B,
4980D, 4980E or 5000 of the Code.

   (e) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will
not (either alone or together with any other event) entitle any Director,
Officer, employee, agent, representative, or independent contractor of Company
or any Company Subsidiary to severance pay, any bonus, retirement, job security
or similar benefit or accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any
payment of funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or
benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other material
obligation pursuant to, any Employee Plan.

   (f) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries has any liability in respect of
post-retirement health, medical or life insurance benefits for retired, former
or current employees of Company or Company Subsidiaries except as required to
avoid excise tax under Section 4980B of the Code.

   (g) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or announcement
(whether or not written) by Company or any of its Affiliates relating to, or
change in employee participation or coverage under, an Employee Plan which
would increase materially the expense of maintaining such Employee Plan above
the level of the expense incurred in respect thereof for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999.

   (h) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries is a party to or subject to, or
is currently negotiating in connection with entering into, any collective
bargaining agreement or other contract or understanding with a labor union or
organization.

   (i) All contributions and payments accrued under each Employee Plan,
determined in accordance with prior funding and accrual practices, as adjusted
to include proportional accruals for the period ending as of the date hereof,
have been discharged and paid on or prior to the date hereof except to the
extent reflected as a liability on the Balance Sheet.

                                      A-16

   (j) There is no action, suit, investigation, audit or proceeding pending
against or involving or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened against or
involving, any Employee Plan before any court or arbitrator or any state,
federal or local governmental body, agency or official.

   Section 4.19. Environmental Matters. (a) Except as set forth in Company SEC
Documents prior to the date hereof and except as could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Company:

     (i) no notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation,
  summons or order has been received, no complaint has been filed, no penalty
  has been assessed, and no investigation, action, claim, suit, proceeding or
  review (or, to the knowledge of Company, any basis therefor) is pending or,
  to the knowledge of Company, is threatened by any governmental entity or
  other Person relating to or arising out of any Environmental Law;

     (ii) Company is and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws
  and all Environmental Permits; and

     (iii) there are no liabilities of or relating to Company or Company
  Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute,
  determined, determinable or otherwise arising under or relating to any
  Environmental Law and there are no facts, conditions, situations or set of
  circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in or be the
  basis for any such liability.

   (b) There has been no environmental investigation, study, audit, test,
review or other analysis conducted of which Company has knowledge in relation
to the current or prior business of Company or Company Subsidiaries or any
property or facility now or previously leased by Company or Company
Subsidiaries that has not been delivered to Parent at least five days prior to
the date hereof.

   (c) For purposes of this Section 4.19, the terms "Company" and "Subsidiary"
shall include any entity that is, in whole or in part, a predecessor of Company
or Company Subsidiaries.

   Section 4.20. Company Intellectual Property. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the following definitions:

   "Intellectual Property" shall mean any or all of the following and all
rights in, arising, out of, or associated therewith: (i) all United States,
international and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues,
divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-
in-part thereof; (ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not), invention
disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know how,
technology, technical data and customer lists, and all documentation relating
to any of the foregoing; (iii) all copyrights, copyrights registrations and
applications therefor, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout
the world; (iv) all industrial designs and any registrations and applications
therefor throughout the world; (v) all trade names, logos, common law
trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and
applications therefor throughout the world; (vi) all databases and data
collections and all rights therein throughout the world; (vii) all moral and
economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated, throughout the
world, and (viii) any similar or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing
anywhere in the world.

   "Company Intellectual Property" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is
owned by, or exclusively licensed to, Company or Company Subsidiaries.

   "Registered Intellectual Property" means all United States, international
and foreign: (i) patents and patent applications (including provisional
applications); (ii) registered trademarks, applications to register trademarks,
intent-to-use applications, or other registrations or applications related to
trademarks; (iii) registered copyrights and applications for copyright
registration; and (iv) any other Intellectual Property that is the subject of
an application, certificate, filing, registration or other document issued,
filed with, or recorded by any state, government or other public legal
authority.

                                      A-17

   "Company Registered Intellectual Property" means all of the Registered
Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in the name of, Company or Company
Subsidiaries.

   (a) Section 4.20 of Company Schedules is a complete and accurate list of all
Company Registered Intellectual Property and specifies, where applicable, the
jurisdictions in which each such item of Company Registered Intellectual
Property has been issued or registered.

   (b) No Company Intellectual Property or product or service of Company or
Company Subsidiaries is subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree, order,
judgment, contract, license, agreement, or stipulation restricting in any
manner the use, transfer, or licensing thereof by Company or Company
Subsidiaries, or which may affect the validity, use or enforceability of such
Company Intellectual Property.

   (c) Company owns and has good and exclusive title to, or has license to use
(sufficient for the conduct of its business as currently conducted and as
proposed to be conducted), each item of Company Intellectual Property or other
Intellectual Property used by Company or Company Subsidiaries free and clear of
any lien or encumbrance (excluding licenses and related restrictions); and
Company or Company Subsidiaries is the exclusive owner of all trademarks and
trade names used in connection with the operation or conduct of the business of
Company and Company Subsidiaries, including the sale of any products or the
provision of any services by Company and Company Subsidiaries.

   (d) Company or Company Subsidiaries owns exclusively, and has good title to,
all copyrighted works that are Company or Company Subsidiaries products or
which Company or Company Subsidiaries otherwise expressly purports to own.

   (e) To the extent that any Intellectual Property has been developed or
created by a third party for Company or Company Subsidiaries, Company has a
written agreement with such third party with respect thereto and Company
thereby either (i) has obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive owner of, or
(ii) has obtained a license (sufficient for the conduct of its business as
currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted) to all such third party's
Intellectual Property in such work, material or invention by operation of law
or by valid assignment, to the fullest extent it is legally possible to do so.

   (f) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiary has transferred ownership of, or
granted any exclusive license with respect to, any Intellectual Property that
is or was material Company Intellectual Property, to any third party.

   (g) The operation of the business of Company and Company Subsidiaries as
such business currently is conducted, including Company's and Company
Subsidiaries' design, development, manufacture, marketing and sale of the
products or services of Company and Company Subsidiaries (including products,
currently under development) has not, does not and, to the knowledge of
Company, will not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any
third party or, to its knowledge, constitute unfair competition or trade
practices under the laws of any jurisdiction.

   (h) Neither Company nor Company Subsidiaries has received notice from any
third party that the operation of the business of Company or Company
Subsidiaries or any act, product or service of Company or Company Subsidiaries,
may infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party or
constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any
jurisdiction.

   (i) To the knowledge of Company, no person has or is infringing or
misappropriating any Company Intellectual Property.

   (j) Company and Company Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Company's and Company Subsidiaries' rights in Company's confidential
information and trade secrets that it wishes to protect or any trade secrets or
confidential information of third parties provided to Company or Company
Subsidiaries, and,

                                      A-18

without limiting the foregoing, each of Company and Company Subsidiaries has
and enforces a policy requiring each employee and contractor to execute a
proprietary information/confidentiality agreement substantially in the form
provided to Parent and all current and former employees and contractors of
Company and Company Subsidiaries have executed such an agreement, except where
the failure to do so is not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company.

   Section 4.21. Tax Treatment. Neither Company nor any of its Affiliates has
taken or agreed to take any action, or is aware of any fact or circumstance,
that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368 of the Code (a "368 Reorganization").

   Section 4.22. Antitakeover Statutes and Rights Agreement. Company has taken
all action necessary to exempt the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby from Sections 60.801 through 60.816 of Oregon Law, and,
accordingly, neither such Section nor any other antitakeover or similar statute
or regulation applies or purports to apply to any such transactions.

                                   ARTICLE 5

                    Representations and Warranties of Parent

   Parent represents and warrants to Company subject to the exceptions
specifically in the disclosure letter supplied by Parent to Company dated as of
the date hereof, which disclosure shall provide an exception to or otherwise
qualify the representations or warranties of Parent contained in the section of
this Agreement corresponding by number to such disclosure and the other
representations and warranties herein to the extent such disclosure shall
reasonably appear to be applicable to such other representations or warranties
that:

   Section 5.01. Corporate Existence and Power. Each of Parent and Merger
Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has all
corporate powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted,
except for those licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and approvals the
absence of which would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each
jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except for those
jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Parent has heretofore
delivered to Company true and complete copies of the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of Parent as currently in effect and no amendments
have been made to such documents since the date of such delivery. Since the
date of its incorporation, Merger Subsidiary has not engaged in any activities
other than in connection with or as contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 5.02. Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the
consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated
hereby are within the corporate powers of Parent and Merger Subsidiary and have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. Assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company, this
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each of Parent and
Merger Subsidiary, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary in
accordance with its terms.

   Section 5.03. Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the
consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated
hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental
body, agency, official or authority, domestic, foreign or supranational, other
than (i) the filing of the articles of merger with respect to the Merger with
the Oregon Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which Parent is qualified to do business, (ii)
compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act, (iii) compliance
with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act

                                      A-19

and any other securities laws, whether state or foreign, and (iv) any actions
or filings the absence of which would not be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or
materially to impair the ability of Parent to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 5.04. Non-contravention. The execution and delivery by Parent and
Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the performance of this Agreement by
Parent and Merger Subsidiary will not (i) contravene, conflict with, or result
in any violation or breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation
or bylaws of Parent or Merger Subsidiary, (ii) assuming compliance with the
matters referred to in Section 5.03, contravene, conflict with or result in a
violation or breach of any provision of any law, rule, statute, regulation,
judgment, injunction, order or decree, (iii) require any consent or other
action by any Person under, constitute a default under, or cause or permit the
termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or
obligation or the loss of any benefit to which Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries is entitled under any provision of any agreement or other
instrument binding upon Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any license,
franchise, permit, certificate, approval or other similar authorization
affecting, or relating in any way to, the assets or business of Parent and its
Subsidiaries or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any
asset of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except for such contraventions,
conflicts and violations referred to in clause (ii) and for such failures to
obtain any such consent or other action, defaults, terminations, cancellations,
accelerations, changes, losses or Liens referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv)
that would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or materially to impair the
ability of Parent and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 5.05. Capitalization. (a) The authorized capital stock of Parent
consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share and
5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock par value $.001 per share. As of December
31, 2000, there were outstanding 39,584,175 shares of Common Stock, no
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, stock options to purchase an aggregate
of 6,898,014 shares of Parent Common Stock and 2,350,000 shares of Common Stock
reserved for issuance under Parent's employee stock purchase plans. All
outstanding shares of capital stock of Parent have been, and all shares that
may be issued pursuant to Parent stock options will be, when issued in
accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable.

   (b) Except as set forth in this Section 5.05 and for changes since December
31, 2000 resulting from the exercise of stock options, issuances under Parent's
employee stock purchase plan or the grant of stock based compensation to
directors or employees or from the issuance of stock in connection with a
merger or other acquisition or business combination determined by Parent's
Board of Directors to be in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders,
there are no other outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or voting securities
of Parent, (ii) securities of Parent convertible into or exchangeable for
shares of capital stock or voting securities of Parent or (iii) options or
other rights to acquire from Parent or other obligation of Parent to issue, any
capital stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for capital stock or voting securities of Parent. There are no outstanding
obligations of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any of the securities referred to in clause (i), (ii) or
(iii) above.

   (c) The shares of Parent Stock to be issued as part of the Merger
Consideration have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will have been validly issued and
will be fully paid and nonassessable and the issuance thereof is not subject to
any preemptive or other similar right.

   Section 5.06. Subsidiaries. (a) Schedule 5.06 lists all subsidiaries of
Parent and their jurisdictions of incorporation as of the date hereof ("Parent
Subsidiaries"). Parent Subsidiaries are duly incorporated, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of their jurisdictions of incorporation, have
all corporate powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, permits,
consents and approvals required to carry on their respective businesses as now
conducted, except for those licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and
approvals the absence of which would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on

                                      A-20

Parent. Parent Subsidiaries are duly qualified to do business as foreign
corporations in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except
for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

   (b) All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other voting securities or
ownership interests in, Parent Subsidiaries, is owned by Parent, directly or
indirectly, free and clear of any Lien and free of any other limitation or
restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise
dispose of such capital stock or other voting securities or ownership
interests). There are no outstanding (i) securities of Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in Parent Subsidiaries or (ii)
options or other rights to acquire from Parent or Parent Subsidiaries, or other
obligation of Parent or Parent Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock or
other voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in, Parent Subsidiaries (the items in clauses
(i) and (ii) being referred to collectively as the "Parent Subsidiaries
Securities"). There are no outstanding obligations of Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of Parent
Subsidiaries Securities.

   Section 5.07. SEC Filings. (a) Parent has timely filed with the SEC all
forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents required to be filed
by it since July 29, 1999 under the 1933 Act and 1934 Act (the Documents
referred to in this Section 5.06(a), collectively, the "Parent SEC Documents").
Parent has made available to Company true and complete copies of the Parent SEC
Documents.

   (b) As of its filing date or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to
the date hereof, on the date of such filing, each Parent SEC Document complied
as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
1933 Act and 1934 Act, as the case may be.

   (c) As of its filing date, each Parent SEC Document filed pursuant to the
1934 Act did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

   (d) Each Parent SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended or
supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, as of the date
such registration statement or amendment became effective, did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.

   (e) Other than as included within the Parent SEC Documents, the Parent
Subsidiaries are not required to file any forms, reports or other documents
with the SEC.

   Section 5.08. Financial Statements. The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Parent
included in the Parent SEC Documents (i) complied as to form in all material
respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect
thereto, (ii) were prepared in conformity with GAAP (except as may be indicated
in the notes thereto), and (iii) fairly present the consolidated financial
position of Parent and its consolidated Parent Subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended (subject to normal year-end adjustments in the case of any
unaudited interim financial statements).

   Section 5.09. Disclosure Documents. (a) None of the information provided by
Parent for inclusion in the Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto, at the time the Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto is first mailed to shareholders of Company and at the time
the shareholders vote on adoption of this Agreement and at the Effective Time,
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

   (b) The Registration Statement of Parent to be filed with the SEC with
respect to the offering of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger (the
"Registration Statement") and any amendments or supplements

                                      A-21

thereto and the proxy statement to be mailed to Parent's shareholders (the
"Parent Proxy Statement"), when filed, will comply as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act. At the time
the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes
effective and at the Effective Time, at the time the Parent Proxy Statement is
first mailed to Parent's stockholders, at the time such stockholders vote upon
the issuance of shares of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger and at the
Effective Time, the Registration Statement, as amended or supplemented and the
Parent Proxy Statement, will not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. The
representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.09 will not apply to
statements or omissions in the Registration Statement or any amendment or
supplement thereto or in the Parent Proxy Statement based upon information
furnished to Parent or Merger Subsidiary by Company in writing specifically for
use therein.

   Section 5.10. Absence of Certain Changes. Since the September 30, 2000 and
except as disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents, the business of Parent and its
Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice and there has not been:

   (a) any event, occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts
that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent;

   (b) any change in any method of accounting, method of tax accounting or
accounting principles or practice by Parent or its Subsidiaries, except for any
such change required by reason of a concurrent change in GAAP or Regulation S-X
under the 1934 Act;

   (c) any revaluation by Parent or its Subsidiaries of any of its assets,
including without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory
or writing off notes or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course
of business;

   (d) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other
distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of Parent, or any
repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by Parent or any Parent
Subsidiaries of any outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of
Parent, other than any actions for which the Fixed Exchange Ratio would be
adjusted pursuant to Section 2.06 hereof or any dividend of rights to acquire
securities of Parent that will also be delivered to Company Stockholders as
part of the Merger Consideration;

   (e) any incurrence, assumption or guarantee by Company or Company
Subsidiaries of any material indebtedness for borrowed money other than in the
ordinary course of business and in amounts and on terms consistent with past
practices;

   (f) any creation or other incurrence by Company or Company Subsidiaries of
any Lien on any material asset other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;

   (g) any making of any material loan, advance or capital contributions to or
investment in any Person other than loans, advances or capital contributions or
investments in any Parent Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices;

   (h) any damage, destruction or other casualty loss (whether or not covered
by insurance) affecting the business or assets of Company or Company
Subsidiaries;

   (i) any transaction or commitment made, or any contract or agreement entered
into, by Parent or Parent Subsidiaries relating to its assets or business
(including the acquisition or disposition of any assets) or any relinquishment
by Parent or Parent Subsidiaries of any contract or other right, in either
case, material to Parent and Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than
transactions and commitments in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practices and those contemplated by this Agreement; or

                                      A-22

   (j) any material Tax election made or changed, any annual tax accounting
period changed, any method of tax accounting adopted or changed, any material
amended Tax Returns or claims for material Tax refunds filed, any material
closing agreement entered into, any material Tax claim, audit or assessment
settled, or any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction
in Tax liability surrendered.

   Section 5.11. Compliance with Laws and Court Orders. Parent and Parent
Subsidiaries are and have been in compliance with, and to the knowledge of
Parent, are not under investigation with respect to and have not been
threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation of, any
applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, injunction,
order or decree, except for failures to comply or violations that have not had
and could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

   Section 5.12. Litigation. Except as set forth in Parent SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, there is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding
(or, to the knowledge of Parent, any basis therefor) pending against, or, to
the knowledge of Parent, threatened against, Parent, Parent Subsidiaries, any
present or former officer, director or employee of Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries or any Person for whom Parent or Parent Subsidiaries may be liable
or any of their respective properties before any court or arbitrator or before
or by any governmental body, agency or official, domestic, foreign or
supranational, that, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with the
plaintiff's demands, could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or that in any manner
challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated hereby.

   Section 5.13. Finders' Fees. Except for Credit Suisse First Boston
Corporation, a copy of whose engagement agreement dated November 15, 2000 has
been provided to the Company, and for Wit SoundView Corporation, a copy of
whose engagement letter dated December 22, 2000 has been provided to the
Company, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary
that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries who might be entitled to any fee or commission from Parent or any
of its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   Section 5.14. Opinion of Financial Advisor. Parent has received the opinion
of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, financial advisor to Parent, to the
effect that, as of the date of this Agreement, the Fixed Exchange Ratio is fair
to Parent from a financial point of view.

   Section 5.15. Tax Treatment. Neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates has
taken or agreed to take any action, or is aware of any fact or circumstance,
that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a 368 Reorganization.

   Section 5.16. Ownership of Company Equity. Neither Parent, Merger
Subsidiary, nor any of their Affiliates beneficially owns or has any direct or
indirect right or agreement to acquire any securities or property of Company
other than pursuant to this Agreement. Neither Parent, Merger Subsidiary, nor
any of their Affiliates is a member of any "group" within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act, as amended, with respect to any voting
securities of Company or any of its Affiliates, except pursuant to the Voting
Agreement.

   Section 5.17. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities. There are no liabilities
or obligations of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary of any kind whatsoever,
whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise,
of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet or in the related notes
to consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, other
than:

   (a) liabilities or obligations disclosed and provided for in the Parent
Balance Sheet or in the notes thereto or in the Parent SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, and

   (b) liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practices since the Parent Balance Sheet Date that are
immaterial in the aggregate.

                                      A-23

   Section 5.18. Environmental Matters. Except as set forth in Parent SEC
Documents prior to the date hereof and except as could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on Parent:

     (i) no notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation,
  summons or order has been received, no complaint has been filed, no penalty
  has been assessed, and no investigation, action, claim, suit, proceeding or
  review (or, to the knowledge of Parent, any basis therefor) is pending or,
  to the knowledge of Parent, is threatened by any governmental entity or
  other Person relating to or arising out of any Environmental Law;

     (ii) Parent is and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws
  and all Environmental Permits; and

     (iii) there are no liabilities of or relating to Parent or Parent
  Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute,
  determined, determinable or otherwise arising under or relating to any
  Environmental Law and there are no facts, conditions, situations or set of
  circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in or be the
  basis for any such liability.

   (b) There has been no environmental investigation, study, audit, test,
review or other analysis conducted of which Parent has knowledge in relation to
the current or prior business of Parent or Parent Subsidiaries or any property
or facility now or previously leased by Parent or Parent Subsidiaries that has
not been delivered to Parent at least five days prior to the date hereof.

   (c) For purposes of this Section 5.18, the terms "Parent" and "Subsidiary"
shall include any entity that is, in whole or in part, a predecessor of Parent
or Parent Subsidiaries.

   Section 5.19. Parent Intellectual Property. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the following definitions:

   "Parent Intellectual Property" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is
owned by, or exclusively licensed to, Parent or Parent Subsidiaries.

   (a) No Parent Intellectual Property or product or service of Parent or
Parent Subsidiaries is subject to any proceeding or outstanding decree, order
or judgment restricting in any manner the use, transfer, or licensing thereof
by Parent or Parent Subsidiaries, or which may affect the validity, use or
enforceability of such Parent Intellectual Property.

   (b) Parent owns and has good and exclusive title to, or has license to use
(sufficient for the conduct of its business as currently conducted and as
proposed to be conducted), each item of Parent Intellectual Property or other
Intellectual Property used by Parent or Parent Subsidiaries free and clear of
any lien or encumbrance (excluding licenses and related restrictions); and
Parent or Parent Subsidiaries is the exclusive owner of all trademarks and
trade names used in connection with the operation or conduct of the business of
Parent and Parent Subsidiaries, including the sale of any products or the
provision of any services by Parent and Parent Subsidiaries.

   (c) Parent or Parent Subsidiaries owns exclusively, and has good title to,
all copyrighted works that are Parent or Parent Subsidiaries products or which
Parent or Parent Subsidiaries otherwise expressly purports to own.

   (d) The operation of the business of Parent and Parent Subsidiaries as such
business currently is conducted, including Parent's and Parent Subsidiaries'
design, development, manufacture, marketing and sale of the products or
services of Parent and Parent Subsidiaries (including products, currently under
development) has not, does not and to the knowledge of Parent will not infringe
or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party or, to its
knowledge, constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of
any jurisdiction.

   (e) Neither Parent nor Parent Subsidiaries has received notice from any
third party that the operation of the business of Parent or Parent Subsidiaries
or any act, product or service of Parent or Parent Subsidiaries, may

                                      A-24

infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party or
constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any
jurisdiction.

   (f) Parent and Parent Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect
Parent's and Parent Subsidiaries= rights in Parent's confidential information
and trade secrets that it wishes to protect or any trade secrets or
confidential information of third parties provided to Parent or Parent
Subsidiaries, and, without limiting the foregoing, each of Parent and Parent
Subsidiaries has and enforces a policy requiring each employee and contractor
to execute a proprietary information/confidentiality agreement substantially in
the form provided to Company and all current and former employees and
contractors of Parent and Parent Subsidiaries have executed such an agreement,
except where the failure to do so is not reasonably expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Parent.

   Section 5.20. Agreements, Contracts and Commitments. Neither Parent nor any
Parent Subsidiary is a party to or is bound by:

   (a) any employment or consulting agreement, contract or commitment with any
officer or member of Parent 's Board of Directors, other than those that are
terminable by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary on no more than thirty (30) days'
notice without liability or financial obligation to Parent other than as
disclosed in the Parent SEC Documents.

   (b) any agreement or plan, including, without limitation, any stock option
plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits
of which will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be
accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on
the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

   (c) any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant limiting
in any respect the right of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary to engage in any
line of business or to compete with any person or granting any exclusive
distribution rights;

   (d) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force relating to the
disposition or acquisition by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary after the date of
this Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary course of
business or pursuant to which Parent has any material ownership interest in any
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business enterprise other than
Parent Subsidiaries;

   (e) any (x) dealer, distributor, joint marketing or development agreement
currently in force under which Parent or any Parent Subsidiary has continuing
material obligations to jointly market any product, technology or service and
which may not be canceled without penalty upon notice of ninety (90) days or
less, or (y) material agreement pursuant to which Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary has continuing material obligations to jointly develop any
intellectual property that will not be owned, in whole or in part, by Parent or
Parent Subsidiaries, in any case specified in clauses (x) or (y) above with
payments made by or to the Parent of $500,000 or more;

   (f) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to provide
source code to any third party for any product or technology other than source
code escrow agreements or other similar arrangements entered into in the normal
course of business;

   (g) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to license any
third party to manufacture or reproduce any Parent product, service or
technology or any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to sell
or distribute any Parent products, including any parts or components thereof,
service or technology except agreements (x) with distributors or sales
representative in the normal course of business cancelable without penalty upon
notice of ninety (90) days or less and substantially in the form previously
provided to Company or (y) with payments made by or to the Parent of less than
$500,000;

                                      A-25

   (h) any material mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit
agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of
money or extension of credit;

   (i) any other agreement, contract or commitment that includes receipts or
expenditures of $2,000,000 or more individually.

   Neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiaries, nor to Parent's knowledge any
other party to a Parent Contract (as defined below), is in breach, violation or
default under, and neither Parent nor any Parent Subsidiaries has received
written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the
material terms or conditions of any of the agreements, contracts or commitments
to which Parent or any Parent Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound
that are required to be disclosed as exceptions to this Section 5.20 (any such
agreement, contract or commitment, a "Parent Contract") in such a manner as
would permit any other party to cancel or terminate any such Parent Contract,
or would permit any other party to seek material damages or other remedies (for
any or all of such breaches, violations or defaults, in the aggregate.)

   Each Parent Contract: (i) is valid and binding on the Parent or its
Subsidiaries, as the case may be and, to the knowledge of the Parent, on the
other parties thereto, and is in full force and effect, and (ii) upon
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall continue
in full force and effect without penalty or other adverse consequence. To the
knowledge of the Parent, no other party to any Parent Contract is in material
breach thereof or material default thereunder.

                                   ARTICLE 6

                            Covenants of the Company

   The Company agrees that:

   Section 6.01. Conduct of the Company. From the date hereof until the
Effective Time, Company and Company Subsidiaries shall conduct their business
in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and shall use their
commercially-reasonable efforts to preserve intact their business organizations
and relationships with third parties and to keep available the services of
their present officers and employees. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, from the date hereof until the Effective Time:

   (a) Company will not permit, adopt or propose any change to its articles of
incorporation or bylaws;

   (b) Company will not, and will not permit any Company Subsidiaries to, merge
or consolidate with any other Person or acquire a material amount of stock or
assets of any other Person;

   (c) Company will not, and will not permit any Company Subsidiaries to, sell,
lease, license, transfer or otherwise dispose of any material subsidiary or any
material amount of assets, securities or property, tangible or intangible,
except (i) pursuant to existing contracts or commitments and (ii) in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice;

   (d) Company will not, and will not permit any Company Subsidiaries to, (i)
take any action that would make any representation and warranty of Company
hereunder inaccurate in any respect at, or as of any time prior to, the
Effective Time or (ii) omit to take any action necessary to prevent any such
representation or warranty from being inaccurate in any respect at any such
time; and

   (e) Company will not, and will not permit any Company Subsidiaries to, agree
or commit to do any of the foregoing.

   Section 6.02. Shareholder Meeting; Proxy Material. Promptly after the date
hereof, in accordance with Oregon Law and its Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws, Company shall cause a meeting of its shareholders (the "Company
Shareholder Meeting") to be duly called and held as soon as reasonably
practicable for the

                                      A-26

purpose of voting on the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the
Merger. Subject to Section 6.03(b), the Board of Directors of Company shall
recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger by Company's
shareholders. In connection with such meeting, Company will (i) promptly
prepare and file with the SEC, use its best efforts to have cleared by the SEC
and thereafter mail to its shareholders as promptly as practicable the Company
Proxy Statement and all other proxy materials for such meeting, (ii) subject to
Section 6.03(b), use its best efforts to obtain the necessary approvals by its
shareholders of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and
(iii) otherwise comply with all legal requirements applicable to such meeting.

   Section 6.03. No Solicitation. (a) Neither Company nor any Company
Subsidiaries shall, nor shall Company or any Company Subsidiary authorize or
permit any of its or their officers, directors, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants, consultants or other agents or advisors to, directly or
indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or take any action to encourage the
submission of any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into or participate in any
discussions or negotiations with, furnish any non-public information relating
to Company or Company Subsidiaries or afford access to the business,
properties, assets, books or records of Company or Company Subsidiaries to,
otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, or
encourage any effort by any Third Party that is seeking to make, or has made,
an Acquisition Proposal or (iii) grant any waiver or release under any
standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of equity securities
of Company or Company Subsidiaries.

   (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors of Company,
directly or indirectly through advisors, agents or other intermediaries, may
(i) engage in negotiations or discussions with any Third Party that, subject to
Company's compliance with Section 6.03(a), has made a Superior Proposal or,
(ii) furnish to such Third Party that has made a Superior Proposal nonpublic
information relating to Company or Company Subsidiaries pursuant to a
confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to Company than those
contained in the Confidentiality Agreement dated as of December 13, 2000
between Company and Parent (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), (iii) following
receipt of such Superior Proposal, take and disclose to its shareholders a
position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) under the 1934 Act or otherwise
recommend the Superior Proposal and make disclosure to them, (iv) following
receipt of such Superior Proposal, fail to make, withdraw, or modify in a
manner adverse to Parent its recommendation to its shareholders referred to in
Section 6.02 hereof and/or (v) take any non-appealable, final action ordered to
be taken by Company by any court of competent jurisdiction, but in each case
referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) only if the Board of
Directors of Company determines in good faith by a majority vote after
consultation with outside legal counsel to Company, that it must take such
action to comply with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.

   (c) The Board of Directors of Company shall not take any of the actions
referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding subsection unless
Company shall have delivered to Parent a prior written notice advising Parent
that it intends to take such action, and Company shall continue to advise
Parent after taking such action. In addition, Company shall notify Parent
promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) after receipt by Company (or any
of its advisors) of any unsolicited inquiry or Acquisition Proposal, of any
indication that a Third Party is considering making an Acquisition Proposal or
of any request for information relating to Company or Company Subsidiaries or
for access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of Company or
Company Subsidiaries by any Third Party that may be considering making, or has
made, an Acquisition Proposal. Company shall provide such notice orally and in
writing and shall identify the Third Party making, and the terms and conditions
of, any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. Company shall keep
Parent fully informed, on a current basis, of the status and material details
of any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. In addition to the
foregoing, Company shall (i) provide Parent with at least forty-eight (48)
hours prior notice (or such lesser notice as provided to the members of
Company's Board of Directors but in no event less than eight hours) of any
meeting of Company's Board of Directors at which Company's Board of Directors
is reasonably expected to consider a Superior Proposal and (ii) provide Parent
with at least three (3) business days prior written notice of a meeting of
Company's Board of Directors at which Company's Board of Directors is
reasonably expected to recommend a Superior Proposal to its shareholders and
together with such notice a description of the terms and conditions relating to
such Superior Proposal. Company shall, and shall cause Company Subsidiaries and
the advisors, employees and other agents

                                      A-27

of Company and any Company Subsidiaries to, cease immediately and cause to be
terminated any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if
any, with any Third Party conducted prior to the date hereof with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal and shall use its reasonable best efforts, consistent
with its rights under confidentiality agreements with such Parties, to cause
any such Party (or its agents or advisors) in possession of confidential
information about Company that was furnished by or on behalf of Company to
return or destroy all such information.

   "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide, unsolicited written Acquisition
Proposal for any of the following transactions (i) a merger, consolidation,
business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
transactions involving Company pursuant to which the shareholders of Company
immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 51% of the equity
interest in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction; (ii) a sale
or other disposition by Company of assets representing in excess of 51% of the
fair market value of Company's business immediately prior to such sale; or
(iii) the acquisition by any person or group, directly or indirectly, of
beneficial ownership or right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares
representing in excess of 51% of the voting power of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock of Company, in each case on terms that the Board of
Directors of Company determines in good faith by a majority vote, on the basis
of the advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and
taking into account all the terms and conditions of the Acquisition Proposal,
including any break-up fees, expense reimbursement provisions and timing and
conditions to consummation, are more favorable and provide greater value to
Company's shareholders than as provided hereunder and for which financing, to
the extent required, is then fully committed or reasonably determined to be
available by the Board of Directors of Company.

   Section 6.04. Required Consents. Company shall obtain each of the consents
required in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby identified in Schedule 6.04 to this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 7

                              Covenants of Parent

   Parent agrees that:

   Section 7.01. Conduct of Parent. Parent agrees that, from the date hereof
until the Effective Time, Parent and its Subsidiaries shall conduct their
business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and shall use
their best efforts to preserve intact their business organizations and
relationships with third parties and to keep available the services of their
present officers and employees. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, from the date hereof until the Effective Time:

   (a) Parent will not adopt or propose any change in its articles of
incorporation or bylaws; and

   (b) Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i)
take any action that would make any representation and warranty of Parent
hereunder, other than the representations and warranties set forth in Section
5.10 (e)-(j) and Section 5.20, inaccurate in any respect at, or as of any time
prior to, the Effective Time; (ii) omit to take any action necessary to prevent
any such representation or warranty, other than the representations and
warranties set forth in Section 5.10(e)-(j) and Section 5.20, from being
inaccurate in any respect at any such time; or (iii) enter into any agreement
with respect to any acquisition of or investment in any company, business,
product or technology that would require approval by Parent's stockholders,
other than an agreement regarding the merger, consolidation, or sale of
substantially all of the assets of Parent in which Parent's stockholders
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction would hold less than
a majority of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such
transaction; and

   (c) Parent will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, agree
or commit to do any of the foregoing.

                                      A-28

   Section 7.02. Obligations of Merger Subsidiary. Parent will take all action
necessary to cause Merger Subsidiary to perform its obligations under this
Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.

   Section 7.03. Director and Officer Liability. Parent shall cause the
Surviving Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation hereby agrees, to do the
following:

   (a) For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to indemnify and hold harmless the present and former officers and
directors of Company (each an "Indemnified Person") in respect of acts or
omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time to the fullest extent
permitted by Oregon Law or any other applicable laws or provided under
Company's articles of incorporation and bylaws in effect on the date hereof,
provided that such indemnification shall be subject to any limitation imposed
from time to time under applicable law.

   (b) For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to provide, if available, officers' and directors' liability
insurance in respect of acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time
covering each such Indemnified Person currently covered by Company's officers'
and directors' liability insurance policy on terms with respect to coverage and
amount no less favorable than those of such policy in effect on the date
hereof, provided that, in satisfying its obligation under this Section 7.03(b),
the Surviving Corporation shall not be obligated to pay annual premiums in
excess of $1,000,000.

   (c) If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns
(i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger,
or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and
assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary,
proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or
the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 7.03.

   (d) The rights of each Indemnified Person under this Section 7.03 shall be
in addition to any rights such Person may have under the articles of
incorporation or bylaws of Company or Company Subsidiaries, or under Oregon Law
or any other applicable laws or under any agreement of any Indemnified Person
with Company or Company Subsidiaries. These rights shall survive consummation
of the Merger and are intended to benefit, and shall be enforceable by, each
Indemnified Person.

   Section 7.04. Registration Statement; Stockholder Meeting; Proxy
Material. Parent shall promptly prepare and file the Registration Statement
under the 1933 Act and the Parent Proxy Statement under the 1934 Act with the
SEC and shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be
declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable. Parent shall promptly
take any action required to be taken under foreign or state securities or Blue
Sky laws in connection with the issuance of Parent Stock in the Merger. Parent
shall cause a meeting of its stockholders (the "Parent Stockholder Meeting") to
be duly called and held as soon as reasonably practicable for the purpose of
voting on the approval of the issuance of Parent Stock in connection with the
Merger. The Board of Directors of Parent shall recommend approval of the
issuance of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger by Parent's
stockholders. In connection with such meeting, the Company will (a) use its
best efforts to have cleared by the SEC and thereafter mail to its stockholders
as promptly as practicable the Parent Proxy Statement and all other proxy
materials for such meeting, (b) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the
necessary approvals by its stockholders of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and (c) otherwise comply with all legal requirements applicable
to such meeting.

   Section 7.05. Nasdaq Stock Market Listing. Parent shall use its best efforts
to cause the shares of Parent Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger
to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market.

   Section 7.06. Board of Director Membership. The Board of Directors of Parent
shall take action to have Elijahu Shapira elected as a director on the Board of
Directors of Parent.

                                      A-29

   Section 7.07. Employee Benefits. On and after the Effective Time, Parent
hereby agrees to do the following, and to cause its Subsidiaries and the
Surviving Corporation, as applicable, to do the following:

   (a) Parent shall provide, or cause its Subsidiaries and the Surviving
Corporation to provide employee benefits (other than equity-based benefits) to
each person who is employed by Parent, its Subsidiaries or the Surviving
Corporation on or after the Effective Time and who was employed with Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time ("Company Employee") that are
substantially comparable in the aggregate to the employee benefits provided to
similarly-situated active employees of Parent, its Subsidiaries and the
Surviving Corporation ("Parent Benefit Plans").

   (b) Parent shall cause each Company Employee's service with Company to be
recognized as service for purposes of eligibility and vesting (but not benefit
accrual) in each Parent Benefit Plan that is extended to the Company Employee
on or after the Closing Date; provided, however, that such crediting of service
shall not operate to duplicate the payment or funding of any benefit under such
Parent Benefit Plan.

   (c) Parent shall cause the Parent Benefit Plans to waive any preexisting
condition exclusion or waiting period limitation that was likewise waived or
otherwise satisfied as to each Company Employee under the terms of any
corresponding Employee Plan immediately prior to the Effective Time.

   Section 7.08. Consultation on Certain Matters. Parent agrees that prior to
entering into an agreement with respect to any material transaction described
in Section 7.01(b)(iii) prior to the Effective Time, Parent will consult with
management of Company regarding such transaction (regardless of whether Parent
Stockholder approval would be required).

                                   ARTICLE 8

                      Covenants of Parent and the Company

   The parties hereto agree that:

   Section 8.01. Reasonable Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, Company and Parent will use their commercially reasonable
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be
done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and
regulations to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each of Parent and Company
agrees to make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant
to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly
as practicable and in any event within ten business days of the date hereof and
to supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and documentary
material that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act and to use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable
waiting periods under the HSR Act as soon as practicable.

   Section 8.02. Certain Filings. Company and Parent shall cooperate with one
another (i) in connection with the preparation of the Company Proxy Statement,
the Parent Proxy Statement and the Registration Statement, (ii) in determining
whether any action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body,
agency, official, or authority is required, or any actions, consents, approvals
or waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any material contracts,
in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and (iii) in taking such actions or making any such filings,
furnishing information required in connection therewith or with the Company
Proxy Statement, the Parent Proxy Statement or the Registration Statement and
seeking timely to obtain any such actions, consents, approvals or waivers.

   Section 8.03. Public Announcements. (a) Parent and Company will receive the
prior written consent from the other before issuing any press release or making
any public statement with respect to this Agreement,

                                      A-30

the Merger or an Acquisition Proposal and, except as may be required by
applicable law or any stock exchange rule, will not issue any such press
release or make any such public statement prior to obtaining such written
consent; provided, however, that no such consultation or agreement shall be
required if, prior to the date of such release or public statement, either
party shall have withheld, withdrawn, amended or modified its unanimous
recommendation in favor of the Merger.

   (b) The parties will prepare a joint announcement for release upon
announcement of the Merger.

   Section 8.04. Further Assurances. At and after the Effective Time, the
officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation will be authorized to
execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of Company or Merger Subsidiary,
any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the
name and on behalf of Company or Merger Subsidiary, any other actions and
things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving
Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the
rights, properties or assets of Company acquired or to be acquired by the
Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.

   Section 8.05. Access to Information. From the date hereof until the
Effective Time and subject to applicable law, Company and Parent shall (i) give
to the other party, its counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other
authorized representatives reasonable access to the offices, properties, books
and records of such party, (ii) furnish to the other party, its counsel,
financial advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives such
financial and operating data and other information as such Persons may
reasonably request and (iii) instruct its employees, counsel, financial
advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives to cooperate with the
other party in its investigation. Any investigation pursuant to this Section
shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the
conduct of the business of the other party. No information or knowledge
obtained in any investigation pursuant to this Section shall affect or be
deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by any party hereunder or
the conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger.

   Section 8.06. Notices of Certain Events. Each of Company and Parent shall
promptly notify the other of:

   (a) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the
consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

   (b) any notice or other communication from any governmental or regulatory
agency or authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; and

   (c) any actions, suits, claims, investigations or proceedings commenced or,
to its knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise
affecting Company or any Company Subsidiary or Parent or Parent Subsidiary
that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to
have been disclosed pursuant to this Agreement, as the case may be, or that
relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   (d) the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event, which occurrence or
failure to occur would be reasonably likely to cause (i) any representation or
warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at any time
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, or (ii) any material
failure of Parent and Merger Subsidiary or Company, as the case may be, or of
any officer, director, employee or agent thereof, to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, the delivery of any notice pursuant
to this section will not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

   Section 8.07. Confidentiality. Prior to the Effective Time and after any
termination of this Agreement, each of Parent and Company will hold, and will
use its best efforts to cause its officers, directors, employees,

                                      A-31

accountants, counsel, consultants, advisors and agents to hold, in confidence,
unless compelled to disclose by judicial or administrative process or by other
requirements of law, all confidential documents and information concerning the
other party furnished to it or its Affiliates in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except to the extent that such
information can be shown to have been (i) previously known on a nonconfidential
basis by such party, (ii) in the public domain through no fault of such party
or (iii) later lawfully acquired by such party from sources other than the
other party, provided that each of Parent and Company may disclose such
information to its officers, directors, employees, accountants, counsel,
consultants, advisors and agents in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement so long as such party informs such Persons of
the confidential nature of such information and directs them to treat it
confidentially. Each of Parent and Company shall satisfy its obligation to hold
any such information in confidence if it exercises the same care with respect
to such information as it would take to preserve the confidentiality of its own
similar information. If this Agreement is terminated, each of Parent and
Company will, and will use its best efforts to cause its officers, directors,
employees, accountants, counsel, consultants, advisors and agents to, destroy
or deliver to the other party, upon request, all documents and other materials,
and all copies thereof, that it or its Affiliates obtained, or that were
obtained on their behalf, from the other party in connection with this
Agreement and that are subject to such confidence.

   Section 8.08. Tax-free Reorganization; Purchase Accounting. (a) Prior to the
Effective Time, each party shall use its best efforts to cause the Merger to
qualify as a 368 Reorganization, and will not take any action reasonably likely
to cause the Merger not so to qualify.

   (b) Each party has agreed that the transaction be accounted for as a
purchase under GAAP.

   Section 8.09. Affiliates. Within 30 days following the date of this
Agreement, Company shall deliver to Parent a letter identifying all known
Persons who may be deemed affiliates of Company under Rule 145 of the 1933 Act.
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain a written agreement
from each Person who may be so deemed as soon as practicable and, in any event,
at least 30 days prior to the Effective Time, substantially in the form of
Exhibit B hereto.

   Section 8.10. 401(k) Plan. Company agrees to terminate or amend its 401(k)
Plan, in accordance with reasonable directions from Parent, effective
immediately prior to the Effective Time. If Company's 401(k) Plan is
terminated, Parent agrees to take, or cause to be taken, such actions as are
necessary to permit participants in Company's 401(k) Plans to roll over their
accounts under such plans, after the Effective Time (and after completion of
the termination of Company's 401(k) Plan), into a qualified plan or plans
maintained by Parent.

   Section 8.11. Section 16. Prior to the Effective Time, the Board of
Directors of Parent, or an appropriate committee of non-employee directors
thereof, shall adopt a resolution consistent with the interpretative guidance
of the SEC so that (i) the assumption of Company Stock Options held by Company
Insiders (as defined below) pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) the receipt by
Company Insiders of Parent Stock in exchange for Company Stock pursuant to the
Merger, shall in each case be an exempt transaction for purposes of Section 16
of the 1934 Act by any officer or director of Company who may become a covered
person of Parent for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act (a "Company
Insider").

                                   ARTICLE 9

                            Conditions to the Merger

   Section 9.01. Conditions to Obligations of Each Party. The obligations of
Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the Merger are subject to
the satisfaction of the following conditions:

   (a) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the shareholders
of Company in accordance with Oregon Law and the issuance of Parent Common
Stock in connection with the Merger shall have been approved by the
stockholders of Parent in accordance with Delaware Law;

   (b) any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act relating to the Merger
shall have expired or been terminated;

                                      A-32

   (c) no provision of any applicable law or regulation and no judgment,
injunction, order or decree shall prohibit the consummation of the Merger;

   (d) there shall not have been instituted or pending any action or proceeding
(or any investigation or other inquiry that might result in such action or
proceeding) by any government or governmental authority or agency, domestic,
foreign or supranational, before any court or governmental authority or agency,
domestic, foreign or supranational, (i) challenging or seeking to make illegal,
to delay materially or otherwise directly or indirectly to restrain or prohibit
the consummation of the Merger, seeking to obtain material damages or otherwise
directly or indirectly relating to the transactions contemplated by the Merger
or (ii) seeking to restrain or prohibit Parent's ownership or operation (or
that of its respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates) of all or any material
portion of the business or assets of Company and Company Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to compel
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to dispose of or hold separate
all or any material portion of the business or assets of Company Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, or of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

   (e) the Registration Statement shall have been declared effective and no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be
in effect and no proceedings for such purpose shall be pending before or
threatened by the SEC;

   (f) Parent and Company shall have each received written opinions of their
respective counsel, Davis Polk & Wardwell and Perkins Coie LLP in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to each of them, that the Merger will be
treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization qualifying under
the provision of Section 368(a) of the Code and that each of Parent, Merger
Subsidiary and Company will be a party to the reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code. The Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall
execute and deliver to Davis Polk & Wardwell and Perkins Coie LLP certificates
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibits C-1 and C-2,
respectively, at such time or times as reasonably requested by them in
connection with the delivery of their opinions provided herein; and

   (g) all actions by or in respect of, or filings with, any governmental body,
agency, official or authority, domestic, foreign or supranational, required to
permit the consummation of the Merger shall have been taken, made or obtained.

   Section 9.02. Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger
Subsidiary. The obligations of Parent and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following further conditions:

   (a) (i) Company shall have performed in all material respects all of its
obligations hereunder required to be performed by it at or prior to the
Effective Time, (ii) the representations and warranties of Company contained in
this Agreement and in any certificate or other writing delivered by Company
pursuant hereto shall be true (disregarding each exception therein for
materiality and Material Adverse Effect) at and as of the Effective Time as if
made at and as of such time except for (A) changes contemplated by this
Agreement, (B) those representations and warranties, that address matters only
as of a particular date (which shall remain true and current as of such date)
and (C) such exceptions in each case as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Company; (iii) no Material Adverse Effect with respect to Company has
occurred and (iv) Parent shall have received a certificate signed by the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Company to the foregoing
effect;

   (b) Each of Elijahu Shapira and W. Glen Boyd shall have entered into
employment agreements in form attached hereto as Exhibit D, and such agreements
shall be in full force and effect.

   Section 9.03. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations
of Company to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the
following further conditions:

   (a) (i) Parent shall have performed in all material respects all of its
obligations hereunder required to be performed by it at or prior to the
Effective Time, (ii) the representations and warranties of Parent contained in

                                      A-33

this Agreement and in any certificate or other writing delivered by Parent
pursuant hereto shall be true (disregarding each exception therein for
materiality and Material Adverse Effect) at and as of the Effective Time as if
made at and as of such time except for (A) changes contemplated by this
Agreement, (B) those representations and warranties that address matters only
as of a particular date (which shall remain true and correct as of such date)
and (C) such exceptions in each case as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on Parent (iii) no Material Adverse Effect with respect to Parent has
occurred and (iv) Company shall have received a certificate signed by the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Parent to the foregoing
effect;

   (b) The shares of Parent Stock to be issued in the Merger shall have been
listed on the Nasdaq National Market.

                                   ARTICLE 10

                                  Termination

   Section 10.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger
may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or
after approval of the Merger by the shareholders of Company or approval of the
issuance of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
Parent:

   (a) by mutual written agreement of Company and Parent;

   (b) by either Company or Parent, if:

     (i) the Merger has not been consummated on or before June 30, 2001 (the
  "End Date"), provided that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
  to this Section 10.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose
  breach of any provision of this Agreement results in the failure of the
  Merger to be consummated by such time;

     (ii) there shall be any law or regulation that makes consummation of the
  Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or any judgment, injunction, order
  or decree of any court or governmental body having competent jurisdiction
  enjoining Company or Parent from consummating the Merger is entered and
  such judgment, injunction, judgment or order shall have become final and
  nonappealable;

     (iii) this Agreement shall not have been approved and adopted in
  accordance with Oregon Law by Company's shareholders at the Company
  Shareholder Meeting (or any adjournment thereof); or

     (iv) the issuance of Parent Stock in connection with the Merger shall
  not have been approved by Parent's stockholders in accordance with Delaware
  Law at the Parent Stockholder Meeting (or any adjournment thereof);

   (c) by Parent, if:

     (i) a breach of or failure to perform any representation, warranty,
  covenant or agreement on the part of Company set forth in this Agreement
  shall have occurred that would cause the condition set forth in Section
  9.02(a) not to be satisfied, and such condition is incapable of being
  satisfied by the End Date;

     (ii) Company shall have willfully and materially breached its
  obligations under Sections 6.02 and 6.03; or

     (iii) as permitted by Section 6.03(b)(iv), the Board of Directors of
  Company shall have failed to make or withdrawn, or modified in a manner
  adverse to Parent, its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the
  Merger, or shall have failed to call the Company Shareholder Meeting in
  accordance with Section 6.02;

                                      A-34

   (d) by Company, if a breach of or failure to perform any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Parent or Merger Subsidiary set
forth in this Agreement shall have occurred that would cause the condition set
forth in Section 9.03(a) not to be satisfied, and such condition is incapable
of being satisfied by the End Date.

The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.01
(other than pursuant to Section 10.01(a)) shall give notice of such termination
to the other party.

   Section 10.02. Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 10.01, and except as provided in Section 11.04, this
Agreement shall become void and of no effect without liability of any party (or
any stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or
representative of such party) to the other party hereto, provided that, if such
termination shall result from the willful (i) failure of either party to
fulfill a condition to the performance of the obligations of the other party or
(ii) failure of either party to perform a covenant hereof, such party shall be
fully liable for any and all liabilities and damages incurred or suffered by
the other party as a result of such failure. The provisions of this Section
10.02 and Sections 8.07, 11.04, 11.06, 11.07 and 11.08 shall survive any
termination hereof pursuant to Section 10.01.

                                   ARTICLE 11

                                 Miscellaneous

   Section 11.01. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to
any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile transmission) and
shall be given,

   if to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, to:

      Chief Financial Officer
      NetIQ Corporation
      3553 North First Street
      San Jose, CA 95134
      Fax: (408) 330-0959

      with a copy to:

      William M. Kelly, Esq.
      Davis Polk & Wardwell
      1600 El Camino Real
      Menlo Park, CA 94025
      Fax: (650) 752-2111

      if to Company, to:

      WebTrends Corporation
      851 SW Sixth Avenue
      Suite 1200
      Portland, OR 97204
      Fax: (503) 294-7130

      with a copy to:

      Roy W. Tucker, Esq.
      Perkins Coie LLP
      1211 SW Fifth Avenue, Suite 1500
      Portland OR 97204-3715
      Fax: (503) 727-2222

                                      A-35

or such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify
for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices,
requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of
receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5 p.m., and such day is a
business day, in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or
communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the next
succeeding business day in the place of receipt.

   Section 11.02. Survival of Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties and agreements contained herein and in any
certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall not survive the
Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement, except for the agreements
that by their terms survive the Effective Time and as provided for in Section
10.02 with respect to termination.

   Section 11.03. Amendments; No Waivers. (a) Any provision of this Agreement
may be amended or waived prior to the Effective Time if, but only if, such
amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment,
by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party
against whom the waiver is to be effective, provided that, after the adoption
of this Agreement by the shareholders of Company and without their further
approval, no such amendment or waiver shall reduce the amount or change the
kind of consideration to be received in exchange for any shares of capital
stock of Company.

   (b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein
provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies
provided by law.

   Section 11.04. Expenses. (a) Except as otherwise provided in this Section,
all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid
by the party incurring such cost or expense; provided, however, that Parent and
Company shall share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys' and
accountants' fees and expenses, incurred (i) in relation to the printing and
filing of the Proxy Statement (including any preliminary materials related
thereto) and the Registration Statement (including financial statements and
exhibits) and any amendments or supplements thereto or (ii) for the pre-merger
notification and report forms under the HSR Act (including such forms, if any,
as may be required to be filed by any Company Shareholders).

   (b) If a Payment Event (as hereinafter defined) occurs, Company shall pay
Parent (by wire transfer of immediately available funds), if, pursuant to (x)
below, simultaneously with the occurrence of such Payment Event or, if pursuant
to (y) below, within two Business Days following such Payment Event, a fee of
$41.0 million. If a Payment Event occurs, payment of the foregoing fee shall be
the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent against Company in connection with this
Agreement.

   "Payment Event" means the termination of this Agreement pursuant to (x)
Sections 10.01(b)(i) or 10.01(b)(iii) if, prior to any such termination, a
Third Party shall have publicly announced an Acquisition Proposal or (y)
Sections 10.01(c)(ii) or 10.01(c)(iii) if, prior to any such termination, a
Third Party shall have made an Acquisition Proposal and, in any such case
specified in clause (x) or (y), within 12 months following any such
termination: (i) Company merges with or into, or is acquired, directly or
indirectly, by merger or otherwise by, a Third Party, in any such case where
the securities of the surviving or resulting entity issued in respect of the
stock of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction
represent less than 50% of the outstanding securities of the surviving or
resulting entity immediately after such transaction; (ii) a Third Party,
directly or indirectly, acquires more than 50% of the total assets of Company
and Company its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) a Third Party, directly
or indirectly, acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Company
Stock; or (iv) Company adopts or implements a plan of liquidation,
recapitalization or share repurchase relating to more than 50% of the
outstanding shares of Company Stock or an extraordinary dividend relating to
more than 50% of such outstanding shares or 50% of the assets of Company and
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

                                      A-36

   (c) Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 11.04
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
that, without these agreements, Parent and Merger Subsidiary would not enter
into this Agreement. Accordingly, if Company fails promptly to pay any amount
due to Parent pursuant to this Section 11.04, it shall also pay any costs and
expenses incurred by Parent or Merger Subsidiary in connection with a legal
action to enforce this Agreement that results in a judgment against Company for
such amount.

   Section 11.05. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns, provided that no party may assign, delegate
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
without the consent of each other party hereto, except that Parent or Merger
Subsidiary may transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time in part, to
one or more of their wholly-owned subsidiaries, the right to enter into the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, but any such transfer or
assignment will not relieve Parent or Merger Subsidiary of its obligations
hereunder.

   Section 11.06. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

   Section 11.07. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION,
PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

   Section 11.08. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same
effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have
received counterparts hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Except
as provided in Section 7.03, no provision of this Agreement is intended to
confer any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder
upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns.

   Section 11.09. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and
written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement.

   Section 11.10 Captions. The captions herein are included for convenience of
reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation
hereof.

   Section 11.11 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction
of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other
authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby
is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a
determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible in an acceptable manner so that the transactions contemplated hereby
be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

   Section 11.12 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement
or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof,
in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

                                      A-37

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first
above written.

                                          WEBTRENDS CORPORATION

                                                   /s/ Ching-Fa Hwang
                                          By:__________________________________
                                          Name: Ching-Fa Hwang
                                          Title: President and Chief Executive
                                           Officer

                                          NETIQ CORPORATION

                                                   /s/ Elijahu Shapira
                                          By:__________________________________
                                          Name: Elijahu Shapira
                                          Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                          NORTH ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                                    /s/ James A. Barth
                                          By:_________________________________
                                          Name: James A. Barth
                                          Title: President

                                      A-38

                                                                         ANNEX B

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

   AGREEMENT, dated as of January 16, 2001 between NetIQ Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("Buyer"), and Elijahu Shapira, W. Glen Boyd (each, a
"Founder") and Michael Burmeister-Brown ("Brown").  Each of the Founders and
Brown are referred to individually herein as a "Shareholder" and together as
the "Shareholders".

   WHEREAS, in order to induce Buyer and North Acquisition Corporation, an
Oregon corporation, to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
the date hereof (the "Merger Agreement"), with WebTrends Corporation, an Oregon
corporation (the "Company"), Buyer has requested Shareholders, and each
Shareholder has agreed, to enter into this Agreement with respect to all shares
of common stock, no par value per share, of the Company that Shareholder
beneficially now owns or may hereafter acquire prior to the termination of this
Agreement (the "Shares").

   NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

                        Grant of Proxy; Voting Agreement

   Section 1.01. Voting Agreement. Each Shareholder hereby agrees to vote all
Shares that Shareholder is entitled to vote at the time of any vote to approve
and adopt the Merger Agreement, the Merger and all agreements related to the
Merger and any actions related thereto (the "Company Approval Matters") at any
meeting of the shareholders of the Company, and at any adjournment thereof, at
which such Merger Agreement and other related agreements (or any amended
version thereof), or such other actions, are submitted for the consideration
and vote of the shareholders of the Company. Each Shareholder hereby agrees
that it will vote any Shares in such manner as Buyer may direct with respect to
all other proposals submitted to the Company's Shareholders that relates to the
Company Approval Matters. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict any Shareholder
from acting in such Shareholder's capacity as a director or officer of the
Company (it being understood that this Agreement shall apply to Shareholder
solely in Shareholder's capacity as a Shareholder of the Company) or voting in
such Shareholder's sole discretion on any matter other than those matters
referred to in this Section 1.01.

   Section 1.02. Irrevocable Proxy. Each Shareholder hereby revokes any and all
previous proxies granted with respect to the Shares. By entering into this
Agreement, each Shareholder hereby grants a proxy appointing Buyer as the
Shareholder's attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full power of substitution, for
and in the Shareholder's name, to vote, express consent, or otherwise to
utilize such voting power with respect to the Shares, solely for the purposes
and in the circumstances described in the first two sentences of Section 1.01
above. The proxy granted by each Shareholder pursuant to this Article 1 is
irrevocable and is granted in consideration of Buyer entering into this
Agreement and the Merger Agreement and incurring certain related fees and
expenses, provided, however, that the proxy granted by this Article 1 shall be
automatically revoked to the extent necessary to comply with paragraph (f) of
Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933 or the rules of the Nasdaq Stock
Market in connection with Permitted Sales, as set forth below, but only with
respect to Shares sold in such Permitted Sales. The proxy granted by each
Shareholder shall be revoked upon termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms.

                                      B-1

                                   ARTICLE 2

                Representations and Warranties of Shareholders

   Each Shareholder severally represents and warrants to Buyer, solely with
respect to such Shareholder, that:

   Section 2.01. Authorization. If a Shareholder is married and the Shares set
forth on the signature page hereto opposite such Shareholder's name constitute
community property under applicable laws, this Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by, and constitutes the valid and binding
agreement of, such Shareholder's spouse. If this Agreement is being executed
in a representative or fiduciary capacity, the Person signing this Agreement
has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement.

   Section 2.02. Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by
each Shareholder of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) violate any applicable law, rule,
regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree, (ii) require any consent or
other action by any Person under any agreement or other instrument binding on
Shareholder or (iii) result in the imposition of any Lien on the shares
beneficially owned by such Shareholder.

   Section 2.03. Ownership of Shares. Each Shareholder is the record and
beneficial owner of the Shares, free and clear of any Lien and any other
limitation or restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote or
otherwise dispose of the Shares). None of the Shares is subject to any voting
trust or other agreement or arrangement with respect to the voting of such
Shares.

   Section 2.04. Total Shares. Except for the Shares set forth on the
signature page hereto, each Shareholder does not beneficially own any (i)
shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company, (ii) securities
of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or
voting securities of the Company or (iii) options or other rights to acquire
from the Company any capital stock, voting securities or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities of the
Company. The shares of common stock of the Company owned or held of record as
of the date hereof by trusts or foundations created by Shareholder shall be
deemed not beneficially owned by Shareholder and may be excluded from the
Shares set forth on the signature page hereto.

   Section 2.05. Finder's Fees. No investment banker, broker, finder or other
intermediary is entitled to a fee or commission from Buyer or the Company in
respect of this Agreement based upon any arrangement or agreement made by or
on behalf of any Shareholder.

                                   ARTICLE 3

                    Representations and Warranties of Buyer

   Buyer represents and warrants to each Shareholder:

   Section 3.01. Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the consummation by Buyer of the
transactions contemplated hereby are within the corporate powers of Buyer and
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement
constitutes a valid and binding Agreement of Buyer.

   Section 3.02. Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by
Buyer of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not (i) violate any applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment, injunction, order or decree or (ii) require any consent or other
action by any Person under any provision of any agreement or other instrument
binding on Buyer.

                                      B-2

                                   ARTICLE 4

                            Covenants of Shareholder

   Shareholder hereby covenants and agrees that:

   Section 4.01. No Proxies for or Encumbrances on Shares. Except pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, each Shareholder shall not, without the prior
written consent of Buyer, directly or indirectly, (i) grant any proxies or
enter into any voting trust or other agreement or arrangement with respect to
the voting of any Shares or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, encumber or otherwise
dispose of, or enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or
understanding with respect to the direct or indirect sale, assignment,
transfer, encumbrance or other disposition of, any Shares during the term of
this Agreement, provided, however, that from and after the date 48 hours after
the filing of the initial Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by
Buyer in connection with the Merger through and until the closing of the
Merger, (i) each Founder may sell up to 300,000 Shares and (ii) Brown may sell
up to 64,000 shares, provided further all sales made pursuant to the foregoing
proviso ("Permitted Sales") be made in compliance with and in reliance upon
Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Shares may be transferred (i) by a Shareholder to a family member or a trust
for the benefit of such Shareholder or such Shareholder's family member or
(ii) pursuant to such Shareholder's will or the laws of interstate succession,
provided the recipients of the Shares agree in writing with Buyer to be bound
by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

   Section 4.02. Appraisal Rights. Each Shareholder agrees not to exercise any
rights (including, without limitation, under Section 60.587 of Oregon Law) to
demand appraisal of any Shares which may arise with respect to the Merger.

   Section 4.03. Other Offers. Each Shareholder hereby agrees to be bound by
the restrictions set forth in Section 6.03 of the Merger Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 5

                                 Miscellaneous

   Section 5.01. Additional Documents. Buyer and each Shareholder will each
execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all further
documents and instruments necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws
and regulations, to carry out the intent of this Agreement.

   Section 5.02. Amendments; Termination. Any provision of this Agreement may
be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing
and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or
in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be
effective. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of the Effective
Time and the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms.

   Section 5.03. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns; provided that no party may assign, delegate
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
without the consent of the other parties hereto, except that Buyer may transfer
or assign its rights and obligations to any wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer.
The Shareholders shall not be required to assign their obligations hereunder to
transferees in Permitted Sales (nor shall such transferees be obligated to
assume such obligations).

   Section 5.04. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance
with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

   Section 5.05. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same
effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have
received counterparts hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto.

                                      B-3

   Section 5.06. Severability. If any term, provision or covenant of this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be
invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions and
covenants of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in
no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

   Section 5.07. Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement is
not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be
entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof in addition to any other
remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

   Section 5.08. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Merger Agreement.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed as of the day and year first above written.

                                          NETIQ CORPORATION

                                                     /s/ Ching-Fa Hwang
                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Name: Ching-Fa Hwang
                                          Title: President and Chief Executive
                                           Officer

                                      B-4

                                          ELIJAHU SHAPIRA

                                          /s/ Elijahu Shapira
                                          -------------------------------------

   Class of Stock                                                   Shares Owned
   --------------                                                   ------------

   Common..........................................................  3,680,500

                                      B-5

                                                      W. GLEN BOYD

                                                   /s/ W. Glen Boyd
                                          -------------------------------------

   Class of Stock                                                   Shares Owned
   --------------                                                   ------------

   Common..........................................................  3,680,500

                                      B-6

                                          MICHAEL BURMEISTER-BROWN

                                          /s/ Michael Burmeister-Brown
                                          -------------------------------------

   Class of Stock                                                   Shares Owned
   --------------                                                   ------------

   Common..........................................................   536,054

                                      B-7

                                                                         ANNEX C

             [LETTERHEAD OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION]

January 16, 2001

Board of Directors
NetIQ Corporation
3553 North First Street
San Jose, CA 95134

Members of the Board:

   You have asked us to advise you with respect to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to NetIQ Corporation ("NetIQ") of the Exchange Ratio
(as defined below) set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
January 16, 2001 (the "Agreement"), among NetIQ, North Acquisition Corporation,
a wholly owned subsidiary of NetIQ ("Merger Sub"), and WebTrends Corporation
("WebTrends"). The Agreement provides for, among other things, the merger of
Merger Sub with and into WebTrends (the "Merger") pursuant to which the
surviving corporation of such merger will become a wholly subsidiary of NetIQ
and each outstanding share of the common stock, no par value, of WebTrends
("WebTrends Common Stock") will be converted into the right to receive 0.48
(the "Exchange Ratio") of a share of the common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of NetIQ (the "NetIQ Common Stock").

   In arriving at our opinion, we have reviewed the Agreement and certain
related documents, and certain publicly available business and financial
information relating to NetIQ and WebTrends. We have also reviewed certain
other information relating to NetIQ and WebTrends, including financial
forecasts, provided to or discussed with us by NetIQ and WebTrends, and have
met with the managements of NetIQ and WebTrends to discuss the businesses and
prospects of NetIQ and WebTrends, including the ability to integrate the
businesses of NetIQ and WebTrends. We have also considered certain financial
and stock market data of NetIQ and WebTrends, and we have compared those data
with similar data for other publicly held companies in businesses similar to
NetIQ and WebTrends, and we have considered, to the extent publicly available,
the financial terms of certain other business combinations and other
transactions which have recently been effected or announced. We also considered
such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and
financial, economic and market criteria which we deemed relevant.

   In connection with our review, we have not assumed any responsibility for
independent verification of any of the foregoing information and have relied on
such information being complete and accurate in all material respects. With
respect to the financial forecasts that we have reviewed, the managements of
NetIQ and WebTrends have reviewed publicly available financial forecasts for
NetIQ and WebTrends, respectively, and have advised us, and we have assumed,
that such publicly available forecasts represent reasonable estimates and
judgments as to the future financial performance of NetIQ and WebTrends,
respectively. In addition, we have relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment of the managements of NetIQ and WebTrends as to
WebTrends's existing technology and products, the validity of, and risks
associated with, WebTrends's future technology and products, and the ability to
integrate the businesses of NetIQ and WebTrends. You have also informed us, and
we have assumed, that the Merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization
for federal income tax purposes. We have not been requested to make, and have
not made, an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of NetIQ or WebTrends, nor have we been furnished
with any such evaluations or appraisals. Our opinion is necessarily based upon
information available to us, and financial, economic, market and other
conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on the date hereof. We are not
expressing any opinion as to what the value of the NetIQ Common Stock actually
will be when issued pursuant to the Merger or the prices at which shares of
NetIQ Common Stock will trade at any time.

                                      C-1

Board of Directors
NetIQ Corporation
January 16, 2001
Page 2

   We have acted as financial advisor to NetIQ in connection with the Merger
and will receive a fee for our services, a significant portion of which is
contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. We will also receive a fee upon
delivery of this opinion. We have in the past provided financial and investment
banking services to NetIQ for which we have received compensation. In the
ordinary course of business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may
actively trade the securities of NetIQ and WebTrends for their own accounts and
for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or
short positions in such securities.

   It is understood that this letter is for the information of the Board of
Directors of NetIQ in connection with its evaluation of the Merger and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder
should vote or act on any matter relating to the Merger.

   Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the
date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a financial point of view, to
NetIQ.

Very truly yours,

CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION

By:    /s/ David A. Popowitz
    _________________________________
           David A. Popowitz
           Managing Director

                                      C-2

                                                                         ANNEX D

                     [LETTERHEAD OF DAIN RAUSCHER WESSELS,
                   A DIVISION OF DAIN RAUSCHER INCORPORATED]

January 16, 2001

The Board of Directors
WebTrends Corporation
851 SW 6th Avenue
Portland, OR 97204-3813

Members of the Board:

   You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of the common stock of WebTrends Corporation, an Oregon
corporation (the "Company"), of the exchange ratio set forth in the proposed
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement"), by and among NetIQ Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (the "Acquiror"), North Acquisition Corp., an Oregon
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquiror ("Merger Sub"), and the
Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, Merger Sub will merge (the "Merger") into
the Company. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings used in the
Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

   Pursuant to the Agreement, each outstanding share of common stock of the
Company (the "Company Common Stock") is proposed to be converted into 0.48
shares (the "Exchange Ratio") of common stock of the Acquiror (the "Acquiror
Common Stock"). Options of the Company will be converted into options of the
Acquiror based on the Exchange Ratio. The transaction is intended to qualify as
a tax-free reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code and to be accounted for as a purchase for financial
accounting purposes. The terms and conditions of the Merger and the Exchange
Ratio are set forth more fully in the Agreement.

   Dain Rauscher Wessels, a division of Dain Rauscher Incorporated ("Dain
Rauscher Wessels"), as part of its investment banking services, is regularly
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, corporate restructurings, underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.

   We are acting as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the
Merger, and we will receive a fee for our services, a portion of which is
contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. We will also receive a fee for
providing this opinion. The opinion fee is not contingent upon the consummation
of the Merger. In addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain
liabilities arising out of our engagement. In the ordinary course of business,
Dain Rauscher Wessels may act as a market maker and broker in the publicly
traded securities of the Company and receives customary compensation in
connection therewith, and also actively trades securities of the Company for
its own account and the accounts of its customers, and, accordingly, may hold a
long or short position in such securities. Similarly, in the ordinary course of
business, Dain Rauscher Wessels may also act as a market maker and broker in
the publicly traded securities of the Acquiror and receives customary
compensation in connection therewith, and also actively trades securities of
the Acquiror for its own account and the accounts of its customers, and,
accordingly, may hold a long or short position in such securities.

   In connection with our review of the Merger, and in arriving at our opinion,
we have: (i) reviewed the financial terms of the draft Agreement dated January
14, 2001; (ii) reviewed and analyzed certain publicly available financial and
other data with respect to the Company and Acquiror and certain other
historical relevant operating data relating to the Company and Acquiror made
available to us from published sources and from the internal records of the
Company and Acquiror; (iii) conducted discussions with members of the senior

                                      D-1

The Board of Directors
WebTrends Corporation
January 16, 2001
Page 2

management of the Company with respect to the business prospects and financial
outlook of the Company and the combined company; (iv) conducted discussions
with members of the senior management of the Acquiror with respect to the
business prospects and financial outlook of the Acquiror and the combined
company; (v) received and reviewed financial forecasts prepared by the
Company's management and the Acquiror's management on the potential future
performance of the Company and the Acquiror, respectively, each on a stand
alone basis; (vi) reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the
Company Common Stock and the Acquiror Common Stock; (vii) compared the premium
implied by the Exchange Ratio with the premiums paid in selected precedent
transactions; (viii) compared each company's relative contribution to various
income statement parameters with their pro-forma ownership in the combined
company; (ix) considered the projected pro forma effect of the Merger on
Acquiror's earnings per share; and (xi) reviewed the financial terms, to the
extent publicly available, of selected precedent transactions. The Company did
not provide us with forecasted financial information beyond December 31, 2001
and, as a result of the limited forecast, we were unable to employ a discounted
cash flow analysis.

   With respect to the data and discussions relating to the business prospects
and financial outlook of the Company and the Acquiror, upon advice of the
Company and Acquiror we have assumed that such data has been reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of the Company and Acquiror as to the future
financial performance of the Company and the Acquiror, and that the Company and
the Acquiror will perform substantially in accordance with such financial data
and estimates. We express no opinion as to such financial data and estimates or
the assumptions on which they were based.

   In rendering our opinion, we have assumed and relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of the financial, legal, tax, operating and other information
provided to us by the Company and the Acquiror (including, without limitation,
the financial statements and related notes thereto of the Company and the
Acquiror), and have not assumed responsibility for independently verifying and
have not independently verified such information. We have not assumed any
responsibility to perform, and have not performed, an independent evaluation or
appraisal of any of the respective assets or liabilities of the Company or the
Acquiror, and we have not been furnished with any such valuations or
appraisals. In addition, we have not assumed any obligation to conduct, and
have not conducted, any physical inspection of the property or facilities of
the Company or the Acquiror. Our opinion relates to the Company as a going
concern and, accordingly, we express no opinion based on its liquidation value.
Additionally, we have not been asked and did not consider the possible effects
of any litigation or other legal claims.

   We have assumed that the Merger will be accounted for by the Acquiror as a
purchase transaction under generally accepted accounting principles and will
qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In
addition, in arriving at our opinion, we have assumed that, in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals for the Merger, no restrictions,
including any divestiture requirements, will be imposed that would have a
material effect on the contemplated benefits of the Merger.

   Our opinion speaks only as of the date hereof, is based on the conditions as
they exist and information which we have been supplied as of the date hereof,
and is without regard to any market, economic, financial, legal or other
circumstances or event of any kind or nature which may exist or occur after
such date.

   Our advisory services and the opinion expressed herein are provided for the
information and assistance of the Board of Directors of the Company in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder
should vote with respect

                                      D-2

The Board of Directors
WebTrends Corporation
January 16, 2001
Page 3

to the Merger. This opinion shall not be otherwise published or used, nor shall
any public references to us be made, without our prior written consent, except
for publication in any proxy statement related to the Merger.

   Our opinion does not address the merits of the underlying decision by the
Company to engage in the Merger or the relative merits of the Merger compared
to any alternative business strategy or transaction in which the Company might
engage.

   Our opinion addresses solely the fairness of the Exchange Ratio to the
holders of Company Common Stock in the Merger. Our opinion does not in any way
address other Merger terms or arrangements, including, without limitation, the
financial or other terms of any stock option agreement, employment or non-
competition agreement. We are not expressing any opinion herein as to the
prices at which Company Common Stock or Acquiror Common Stock have traded or
may trade following the announcement or consummation of the Merger.

   Based on our experience as investment bankers and subject to the foregoing,
including the various assumptions and limitations set forth herein, it is our
opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Company Common Stock.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Dain Rauscher Wessels,
                                          a division of Dain Rauscher
                                           Incorporated

                                      D-3

                                                                         ANNEX E

                            CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

                                       OF

                   THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                       OF

                               NETIQ CORPORATION

                     Pursuant to Section 242 of the General
                    Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

                                       *****

   NetIQ Corporation, a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the
"Corporation"), does hereby certify as follows:

   FIRST: Article IV of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, as
amended to date, is hereby amended to read in its entirety as set forth below:

     "Article IV. This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of
  stock to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock. The
  total number of shares of Common Stock which the Corporation is authorized
  to issue is 250,000,000, $0.001 par value, and the total number of shares
  of Preferred Stock the Corporation is authorized to issue is 5,000,000,
  $0.001 par value. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in
  one or more series pursuant to a resolution or resolutions providing for
  such issue duly adopted by the Board of Directors (authority to do so being
  hereby expressly vested in the Board). The Board of Directors is further
  authorized to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and
  restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of
  Preferred Stock and to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred
  Stock and the designation of any such series of Preferred Stock. The Board
  of Directors, within the limits and restrictions stated in any resolution
  or resolutions of the Board of Directors originally fixing the number of
  shares constituting any series, may increase or decrease (but not below the
  number of shares in any such series then outstanding), the number of shares
  of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series."

   SECOND: The foregoing amendment was duly adopted in accordance with Section
242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NetIQ Corporation has caused this Certificate to be duly
executed in its corporate name this     day of        .

                                          NETIQ CORPORATION

                                          By:
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Name: Ching-Fa Hwang
                                             Title: President

                                      E-1

                                                                 1837-S4-01

                                    PART II

                     INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

Item 20. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

   Indemnification. Section 145 of the Delaware Law permits a corporation to
indemnify any of its directors, officers, employees or agents who was or is a
party, or is threatened to be made a party to any third party proceeding by
reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or
firm, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding, if such person acted in good
faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in and not opposed
to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had no reason to believe that such person's conduct was
unlawful. In a derivative action, i.e., one by or in the right of a
corporation, the corporation is permitted to indemnify any of its directors,
officers, employees or agents against expenses (including attorneys' fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense
or settlement of an action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a
manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made if
such person shall have been adjudged liable to the corporation, unless and only
to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought shall
determine upon application that such person is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such expenses despite the adjudication of liability. The NetIQ
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for indemnification of
directors, officers, employees or agents for any liability incurred in their
official capacity to the fullest extent permissible under Delaware Law.

   Insurance. The directors and officers of NetIQ are insured under a customary
policy of directors' and officers' liability insurance.

   Merger Agreement Provisions Relating to WebTrends Directors and
Officers. The merger agreement provides that, for six years after the effective
time of the merger, NetIQ will indemnify and hold harmless each person who was
a director or officer of WebTrends at or prior to the date of the merger
agreement from their acts or omissions in those capacities occurring at or
prior to the effective time to the same extent these persons are indemnified
and held harmless under the WebTrends' articles of incorporation and bylaws or
under Oregon law in effect of date of the merger agreement. In addition, NetIQ
has agreed to provide, for the same six-year period, an insurance and
indemnification policy that grants WebTrends' officers and directors in office
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger coverage no less
favorable than WebTrends' policy in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, provided, however, that in satisfying such obligation NetIQ shall
not be obligated to pay annual premiums in excess of $1.0 million. NetIQ has
agreed to make arrangements for the assumption of these obligations in the
event of a subsequent merger or sale of NetIQ or WebTrends.

                                      II-1

Item 21. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

   (a) List of Exhibits

 Exhibit
 Number                                Description
 ------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------

  2(a)+  Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 16, 2001 among NetIQ,
         WebTrends and North Acquisition Corporation (included as Annex A to
         the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained in this Registration
         Statement).

  2(b)+  Voting Agreement dated as of January 16, 2001 between NetIQ and
         Elijahu Shapira, W. Glen Boyd and Michael Burmeister-Brown (included
         as Annex B to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained in this
         Registration Statement)

  3(a)+  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NetIQ.

  3(b)+  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of NetIQ
         (included as Annex E to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained
         in this Registration Statement)

  3(c)+  Restated Bylaws of NetIQ.

  4(a)+  Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to
         exhibit 4.1 of NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

  4(b)+  Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 14, 1997 by and among
         NetIQ and certain NetIQ stockholders identified therein (incorporated
         by reference to exhibit 4.2 of NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form
         S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

  5+     Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell regarding the validity of the
         securities being registered.

  8(a)   Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell regarding certain federal income tax
         consequences relating to the merger.

  8(b)   Opinion of Perkins Coie LLP regarding certain federal income tax
         consequences relating to the merger.

 10.1+   Form of Indemnification Agreement between NetIQ and each of its
         directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.2+   Form of Change of Control Severance Agreements between NetIQ and each
         of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of
         the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1,
         declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.3A+  Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.3B+  Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated Stock
         Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number
         filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.3C+  Form of Director Option Agreement under the 1995 Amended and Restated
         Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.4A+  1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.4B+  Form of Subscription Agreement under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
         Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number
         filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

                                      II-2

 Exhibit
 Number                                Description
 ------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 10.5A*+ BasicScript License Agreement, dated August 27, 1996, between NetIQ
         and Henneberry Hill Technologies Corporation doing business as Summit
         Software Company (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.5B+  Amendment, dated May 21, 1999, to the BasicScript License Agreement
         between NetIQ and Henneberry Hill Technologies Corporation doing
         business as Summit Software Company (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.6*+  Software Distribution Agreement, dated June 23, 1998, between NetIQ
         and Tech Data Product Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
         the exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration
         Statement on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.7+   Agreement of Sublease, dated July 31, 1998, between NetIQ and AMP
         Incorporated (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.8+   Confidential Settlement Agreement, dated March 10, 1999, by and
         between Compuware Corporation, NetIQ Corporation, and the individuals
         named therein (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.9+   Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 24, 2000, between NetIQ and
         TMG North First Associates, L.P. (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q filed November 14, 2000).

 10.10*+ License, Development and Marketing Agreement, dated September 25,
         2000, between NetIQ and Microsoft Corporation (incorporated by
         reference to the exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2000).

 10.11+  Employment Agreement, dated January 16, 2001, by and between NetIQ,
         WebTrends, and Elijahu Shapira.

 21+     Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 23(a)   Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.

 23(b)   Consent of KPMG LLP.

 23(c)   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

 23(d)   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

 23(e)+  Consent of Davis Polk & Wardwell (included in the opinion filed as
         Exhibit 5 to this Registration Statement).

 23(f)   Consent of Davis Polk & Wardwell (included in the opinion filed as
         Exhibit 8(a) to this Registration Statement).

 23(g)   Consent of Perkins Coie LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit
         8(b) to this Registration Statement).

 24+     Power of Attorney

 99(a)   Form of NetIQ Proxy Card.

 99(b)+  Form of WebTrends Proxy Card.

                                      II-3

 Exhibit
 Number                      Description
 ------- --------------------------------------------------

 99(c)+  Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.

 99(d)+  Consent of Dain Rauscher Wessels

 99(e)   Consent of Elijahu Shapira

- --------
*  Subject to Confidential Treatment.

+  Previously filed.

   (b) The opinions of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation and Dain Rauscher
Wessels are included as Annex C and Annex D, respectively, to the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus contained in this Registration Statement.

Item 22. Undertakings.

   (a) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:

     (1) That prior to any public reoffering of the securities registered
  hereunder through use of a prospectus which is a part of this registration
  statement, by any person or party who is deemed to be an underwriter within
  the meaning of Rule 145(c), such reoffering prospectus will contain the
  information called for by the applicable registration form with respect to
  reofferings by persons who may be deemed underwriters, in addition to the
  information called for by the other items of the applicable form.

     (2) That every prospectus (i) that is filed pursuant to paragraph (1)
  immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to meet the requirements of
  Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 and is used in connection
  with an offering of securities subject to Rule 415, will be filed as a part
  of an amendment to the registration statement and will not be used until
  such amendment is effective, and that, for purposes of determining any
  liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective
  amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to
  the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that
  time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     (3) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
  Act of 1933, each filing of the Registrant's annual report pursuant to
  Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where
  applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report
  pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is
  incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to
  be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein,
  and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the
  initial bona fide offering thereof.

     (4) To respond to requests for information that is incorporated by
  reference into the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus pursuant to Item 4,
  10(b), 11 or 13 of this form, within one business day of receipt of such
  request, and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or
  other equally prompt means. This includes information contained in
  documents filed subsequent to the effective date of the registration
  statement through the date of responding to the request.

     (5) To supply by means of a post-effective amendment all information
  concerning a transaction, and the company being acquired involved therein,
  that was not the subject of and included in the registration statement when
  it became effective.

   (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in
the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether
such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and
will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

                                      II-4

                                   SIGNATURES

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant
has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Jose, State of
California, on February 22, 2001.

                                          NetIQ Corporation
                                          (Registrant)

                                                             *
                                          By: _________________________________
                                                 Ching-Fa Hwang, President
                                                and Chief Executive Officer

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

              Signature                          Title                   Date
              ---------                          -----                   ----

                  *                    President, Chief Executive  February 22, 2001
______________________________________  Officer and Director
            Ching-Fa Hwang              (Principal Executive
                                        Officer)

                  *                    Senior Vice President,      February 22, 2001
______________________________________  Finance, Chief Financial
            James A. Barth              Officer and Secretary
                                        (Principal Financial and
                                        Accounting Officer)

                  *                    Senior Vice President,      February 22, 2001
______________________________________  Chief Technology Officer
         Thomas P. Bernhardt            and Director

                  *                    Director                    February 22, 2001
______________________________________
           Alan W. Kaufman

                  *                    Director                    February 22, 2001
______________________________________
          Michael J. Maples

                  *                    Director                    February 22, 2001
______________________________________
           Scott D. Sandell

                  *                    Director                    February 22, 2001
______________________________________

    Ying-Hon Wong

*By:       /s/ James A. Barth
  ------------------------------
         Attorney-in-Fact

*  An asterisk denotes execution by James A. Barth as Attorney-in-Fact.

                                      II-5

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

 Exhibit
 Number                                Description
 ------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------

  2(a)+  Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 16, 2001 among NetIQ,
         WebTrends and North Acquisition Corporation (included as Annex A to
         the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained in this Registration
         Statement).

  2(b)+  Voting Agreement dated as of January 16, 2001 between NetIQ and
         Elijahu Shapira, W. Glen Boyd and Michael Burmeister-Brown (included
         as Annex B to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained in this
         Registration Statement)

  3(a)+  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NetIQ.

  3(b)+  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of NetIQ
         (included as Annex E to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained
         in this Registration Statement)

  3(c)+  Restated Bylaws of NetIQ.

  4(a)+  Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to
         exhibit 4.1 of NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

  4(b)+  Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 14, 1997 by and among
         NetIQ and certain NetIQ stockholders identified therein (incorporated
         by reference to exhibit 4.2 of NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form
         S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

  5+     Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell regarding the validity of the
         securities being registered.

  8(a)   Opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell regarding certain federal income tax
         consequences relating to the merger.

  8(b)   Opinion of Perkins Coie LLP regarding certain federal income tax
         consequences relating to the merger.

 10.1+   Form of Indemnification Agreement between NetIQ and each of its
         directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.2+   Form of Change of Control Severance Agreements between NetIQ and each
         of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of
         the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1,
         declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.3A+  Amended and Restated 1995 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.3B+  Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated Stock
         Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number
         filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.3C+  Form of Director Option Agreement under the 1995 Amended and Restated
         Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.4A+  1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.4B+  Form of Subscription Agreement under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase
         Plan (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number
         filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 Exhibit
 Number                                Description
 ------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------

 10.5A*+ BasicScript License Agreement, dated August 27, 1996, between NetIQ
         and Henneberry Hill Technologies Corporation doing business as Summit
         Software Company (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.5B+  Amendment, dated May 21, 1999, to the BasicScript License Agreement
         between NetIQ and Henneberry Hill Technologies Corporation doing
         business as Summit Software Company (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.6*+  Software Distribution Agreement, dated June 23, 1998, between NetIQ
         and Tech Data Product Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
         the exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration
         Statement on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 10.7+   Agreement of Sublease, dated July 31, 1998, between NetIQ and AMP
         Incorporated (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.8+   Confidential Settlement Agreement, dated March 10, 1999, by and
         between Compuware Corporation, NetIQ Corporation, and the individuals
         named therein (incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same
         number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement on Form S-1, declared
         effective July 29, 1999).

 10.9+   Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 24, 2000, between NetIQ and
         TMG North First Associates, L.P. (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Quarterly Report on Form
         10-Q filed November 14, 2000).

 10.10*+ License, Development and Marketing Agreement, dated September 25,
         2000, between NetIQ and Microsoft Corporation (incorporated by
         reference to the exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2000).

 10.11+  Employment Agreement, dated January 16, 2001, by and between NetIQ,
         WebTrends, and Elijahu Shapira.

 21+     Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the
         exhibit of the same number filed with NetIQ's Registration Statement
         on Form S-1, declared effective July 29, 1999).

 23(a)   Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.

 23(b)   Consent of KPMG LLP.

 23(c)   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

 23(d)   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

 23(e)+  Consent of Davis Polk & Wardwell (included in the opinion filed as
         Exhibit 5 to this Registration Statement).

 23(f)   Consent of Davis Polk & Wardwell (included in the opinion filed as
         Exhibit 8(a) to this Registration Statement).

 23(g)   Consent of Perkins Coie LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit
         8(b) to this Registration Statement).

 Exhibit
 Number                      Description
 ------- --------------------------------------------------

 24+     Power of Attorney

 99(a)   Form of NetIQ Proxy Card.

 99(b)+  Form of WebTrends Proxy Card.

 99(c)+  Consent of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.

 99(d)+  Consent of Dain Rauscher Wessels

 99(e)   Consent of Elijahu Shapira

- --------
*  Subject to Confidential Treatment

+  Previously filed

EX-8.(A)

0002.txt

OPINION OF DAVIS POLK & WARDWELL

                                                           Exhibit 8(a)

                     [LETTERHEAD OF DAVIS POLK & WARDWELL]

                                                         February 22, 2001

Re:  Qualification of the Merger of North Acquisition Corporation with
     and into WebTrends Corporation as a Tax-Free Reorganization

NetIQ Corporation
3553 North First Street
San Jose, California 95134

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as counsel for NetIQ Corporation ("Parent"), a Delaware
corporation, in connection with (i) the Merger, as defined and described in the
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 16, 2001 (the "Merger
Agreement") among Parent, North Acquisition Corporation ("Merger Subsidiary"),
an Oregon corporation and a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and
WebTrends Corporation ("Company"), an Oregon corporation and (ii) the
preparation and filing of the related Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the
"Registration Statement"), which includes the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (the
"Proxy Statement/Prospectus"), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act") and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     In connection with this opinion, we have examined the Merger Agreement
(including the attachments thereto) and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. For
purposes of this opinion, we have assumed (i) the validity and accuracy of the
documents that we have examined, (ii) that the Merger would be consummated in
the manner described in Merger Agreement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, and
(iii) that the representations made by Parent (together with Merger Subsidiary)
and Company in the certificates dated as of the date hereof are, and will be,
accurate and complete.  The opinions expressed herein are based upon existing
statutory, regulatory and judicial authority, any of which may be changed at any
time with retroactive effect.  In addition, our opinions are based solely on the
documents that we have examined, the additional information that we have
obtained, and the statements contained in the certificates from Parent and
Company referred to above, which we have assumed will be true as of the
effective time of the Merger. Our opinions cannot be relied upon if any of the
facts pertinent to the Federal income tax treatment of the

NetIQ Corporation                      2                       February 22, 2001

Merger stated in such documents or in such additional information is, or later
becomes, inaccurate, if any of the statements contained in the certificates from
Parent or Company referred to above are, or later become, inaccurate, or if
there are any changes in the relevant law between now and the effective time of
the merger.

     Based upon the foregoing, in our opinion, the Merger will be treated for
Federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code and Parent, Company and Merger Subsidiary will each be a
party to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.

     The preceding are all of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the Merger.  However, our opinion does not address U.S. federal income tax
consequences which may vary with, or are contingent upon, a shareholder's
individual circumstances.  In addition, our opinion does not address any non-
income tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences of the Merger.

     In accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(23) of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act, we hereby consent to the discussion of this opinion in
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to
the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and to the reference to our firm under the
headings "PROPOSAL NO. 1: THE MERGER-Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences," "THE MERGER AGREEMENT-Principal Conditions to Completion of the
Merger" and "LEGAL MATTERS" in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus. In giving such
consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose
consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder.

                                            Very truly yours,

                                            /s/ Davis Polk & Wardwell

EX-8.(B)

0003.txt

OPINION OF PERKINS COIE LLP

                                                                    EXHIBIT 8(b)

                       [LETTERHEAD OF PERKINS COIE LLP]

                               February 22, 2001

WebTrends Corporation
851 SW Sixth Avenue, Suite 1200
Portland, OR  97204

     Re:  Acquisition by NetIQ Corporation.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as counsel to WebTrends Corporation, an Oregon corporation
("WebTrends"), in connection with the preparation and execution of the Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of January 16, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement") by and
among WebTrends, NetIQ Corporation, a Delaware Corporation ("NetIQ"), and North
Acquisition Corporation, an Oregon Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
NetIQ ("Merger Subsidiary").  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger
Subsidiary will merge with and into WebTrends (the "Merger"), and WebTrends will
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of NetIQ.  Unless otherwise indicated,
capitalized terms used herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Merger
Agreement.

     You have requested our opinion regarding certain United States federal
income tax consequences of the Merger.  In delivering this opinion, we have
reviewed the Merger Agreement, the Registration Statement on Form S-4
(Registration Number 333-54746) filed by NetIQ with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), on February 1, 2001, as amended, (which contains a prospectus
and proxy statement of WebTrends and NetIQ) (the "Registration Statement"), in
connection with the registration under the Securities Act of shares of NetIQ's
common stock to be issued to the stockholders of WebTrends upon consummation of
the Merger, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate.
Further, we have, with your permission, relied upon (without any independent
investigation), and assumed as correct at all relevant times, (i) the
statements, covenants, representations and warranties contained in the Merger
Agreement (including Exhibits), and (ii) the representation letters from
NetIQ and Merger Subsidiary, and WebTrends (the "Tax Representation Letters").
We have also assumed (without independent investigation) the following:

WebTrends Corporation
February 22, 2001
Page 2

     1.   The authenticity of original documents submitted to us, the conformity
to the originals of documents submitted to us as copies, and the due and valid
execution and delivery of all such documents where due execution and delivery
are a prerequisite to the effectiveness thereof;

     2.   The performance of all covenants contained in the Merger Agreement and
the Tax Representation Letters without waiver or breach of any material
provision thereof;

     3.   The accuracy of any representation or statement "to the best
knowledge" or similarly qualified without such qualification; and

     4.   The reporting of the Merger as a reorganization, within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), by
WebTrends and NetIQ in their respective federal income tax returns.

     Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the limitations, qualifications,
assumptions and caveats set forth herein, if the Merger is consummated in
accordance with the Merger Agreement (and without any waiver, breach or
amendment of any of the provisions thereof) and the statements set forth in the
Registration Statement and the Tax Representation Letters are true and correct
as of the effective time of the Merger, then for federal income tax purposes we
are of the opinion that:

     (i)  The Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
          Section 368(a) of the Code; and

     (ii) Each of NetIQ, Merger Subsidiary and WebTrends will be a party to the
          reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     This opinion represents our best judgment regarding the application of
federal income tax laws under the Code, existing judicial decisions,
administrative regulations and published rulings and procedures.  Our opinion is
not binding upon the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and there is no
assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not successfully assert a
contrary position.  Furthermore, no assurance can be given that future
legislative, judicial or administrative changes, on either a prospective or
retroactive basis, would not adversely affect the accuracy of the conclusions
stated herein.  We undertake no responsibility to advise you of any new
developments in the application or interpretation of the federal income tax
laws.

WebTrends Corporation
February 22, 2001
Page 3

Furthermore, in the event any one of the statements, representations, warranties
or assumptions upon which we have relied to issue this opinion is incorrect, our
opinion might be adversely affected and may not be relied upon. This opinion
addresses only the matters described above, and does not address any other
federal state, local or foreign tax consequences that may result from the Merger
or any other transaction undertaken in connection with the Merger.

     We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement under the captions "LEGAL MATTERS" and "Material U.S.
federal income tax consequences" in the Registration Statement.  In giving such
consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose
consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act nor do we admit that
we are experts with respect to any part of such Registration Statement within
the meaning of the term "expert" as used in the Securities Act.

                                            Very truly yours,

                                            /s/ PERKINS COIE LLP

EX-23.(A)

0004.txt

CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

                                                                   Exhibit 23(a)

                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

   We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Amendment No.1 to
Registration Statement No. 333-54746 of NetIQ Corporation on Form S-4 of our
reports dated July 17, 2000, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
NetIQ Corporation for the year ended June 30, 2000 and to the reference to us
under the heading "Experts" in the Prospectus, which is part of this
Registration Statement.

/s/ DELIOTTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

February 21, 2001

EX-23.(B)

0005.txt

CONSENT OF KPMG LLP

                                                                   Exhibit 23(b)

                         Independent Auditors' Consent

The Board of Directors
WebTrends Corporation:

   We consent to the incorporation by reference in the joint proxy
statement/prospectus of WebTrends Corporation of our report dated January 19,
2001, relating to the balance sheets of WebTrends Corporation as of December
31, 1999 and 2000, and the related statements of operations, shareholders'
equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ending
December 31, 2000, which report appears in the annual report on Form 10-K of
WebTrends Corporation and to the reference to our firm under the heading
"Experts" in the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

/s/ KPMG LLP

Portland, Oregon

February 21, 2001

EX-23.(C)

0006.txt

CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP

                                                                   Exhibit 23(c)

               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

   We consent to the reference to our firm under the caption "Experts" and to
the use of our report dated July 7, 1999, except for Note 14 as to which the
date is August 4, 1999, with respect to the financial statements of Mission
Critical Software, Inc. incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement
(Form S-4) and related Prospectus of NetIQ Corporation for the registration of
its common stock.

                                          /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Austin, Texas

February 21, 2001

EX-23.(D)

0007.txt

CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

                                                                   Exhibit 23(d)

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

   We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration
Statement on Form S-4 of NetIQ Corporation of our report dated May 12, 1999,
except as to Note 10, which is as of March 9, 2000, relating to the financial
statements of Ganymede Software, Inc., which appears in Amendment No. 1 to the
NetIQ Form S-4 dated April 3, 2000. We also consent to the reference to us
under the heading "Experts" in this Registration Statement.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Raleigh, North Carolina

February 21, 2001

EX-99.(A)

0008.txt

FORM OF NETIQ PROXY CARD

                                                                   EXHIBIT 99(a)

                                     PROXY

                               NetIQ Corporation

                   PROXY FOR SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

          THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The undersigned stockholder of NetIQ Corporation, a Delaware corporation,
hereby acknowledges receipt of the Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders
dated February 26, 2001, and the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby appoints Ching-Fa Hwang
and James A. Barth and each of them proxies and attorneys-in-fact, with full
power to each of substitution, on behalf and in the name of the undersigned, to
represent the undersigned at the Special Meeting of Stockholders of NetIQ
Corporation to be held on ________, March __, 2001 at 10:00 a.m., local time at
3553 North First Street, San Jose, California, and any adjournment(s) thereof,
and to vote all shares of Common Stock which the undersigned would be entitled
to vote if then and there personally present, on the matters set forth on the
reverse side.

- ---------------                                                ---------------
  SEE REVERSE    CONTINUED AND TO BE SIGNED ON THE OTHER SIDE    SEE REVERSE
      SIDE                                                           SIDE
- ---------------                                                ---------------

Vote by Telephone                                                Vote by Internet
- -----------------                                                ----------------

It's fast, convenient, and immediate!                            It's fast, convenient, and your vote is
Call Toll-Free on a Touch-Tone Phone                             immediately confirmed and posted.
1-877-PRX-VOTE  (1-877-779-8683).

Follow these four easy steps:                                    Follow these four easy steps:

1.  Read the accompanying Proxy                                  1.  Read the accompanying Joint Proxy
    Statement/Prospectus and Proxy Card.                             Statement/Prospectus and Proxy Card.

2.  Call the toll free number:                                   2.  Go to the Website
    1-877-PRX-VOTE (1-877-779-8683).                                 http://www.eproxyvote.com/ntiq

3.  Enter your 14-digit Voter Control Number                     3.  Enter your 14-digit Voter Control Number
    located on your Proxy Card above your name.                      located on your Proxy Card above your name.

4.  Follow the recorded instructions.                            4.  Follow the instructions provided.

Your vote is important!                                          Your vote is important!
Call 1-877-PRX-VOTE anytime                                      Go to http://www.eproxyvote.com/ntiq anytime!
                                                                       ------------------------------

Do not return your Proxy Card if you are voting by Telephone or Internet

                                  DETACH HERE

- ---  Please mark
 X   votes as in
- ---  this example.                                        This proxy will be voted as directed or, if no direction is
                                                          indicated, will be voted for each of the proposals listed
The Board of Directors proposes and recommends a          above, and as said proxies deem advisable on such other
vote "FOR" each of the following proposals:               matters as may come before the meeting.

1.  To approve the issuance of shares of NetIQ
    common stock in the merger of North Acquisition        MARK HERE FOR ADDRESS CHANGE AND NOTE AT LEFT         /_/
    Corporation with and into WebTrends as contemplated
    by the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
    January 16, 2001.                                      Please sign your name exactly as it appears on the proxy
                                                           card.  For joint accounts, each owner should sign.  When
      FOR        AGAINST     ABSTAIN                       signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or
      /_/          /_/         /_/                         guardian, etc., please give your full title.

2.  To approve an amendment to NetIQ's certificate
    of incorporation to increase the authorized
    number of shares of common stock from 100,000,000
    to 250,000,000.

      FOR        AGAINST     ABSTAIN
      /_/          /_/         /_/

Signature:  _________________________  Date: _______      Signature: ______________________________  Date: _______

EX-99.(E)

0009.txt

CONSENT OF ELIJAHU SHAPIRA

                                                                   EXHIBIT 99(e)

                          CONSENT OF ELIJAHU SHAPIRA

I hereby consent to being named as a person who will become a director of NetIQ
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("NetIQ"), in connection with the completion
of the merger (the "Merger") contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of January 16, 2001, among NetIQ, WebTrends Corporation, an Oregon
corporation, and North Acquisition Corporation, an Oregon corporation, described
in and attached to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by NetIQ
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Merger (the
"Registration Statement"), and to the filing of this consent as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement.

Signature      /s/ Elijahu Shapira
               -------------------
               Elijahu Shapira

Date: February 21, 2001

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----