URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/920909/000095013101502168/0000950131-01-502168.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KhuRwxwiJIr9aR6NRK6lx/78mwgyByNy1gnXLXrVQ04YC+imONLG5fEfivxpY1S2
 dOiJSJRxQ/w3EPu3UlkSUA==

0000950131-01-502168.txt : 20020620

0000950131-01-502168.hdr.sgml : 20020620

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950131-01-502168
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	PREM14A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20010810
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010705
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20020620

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVERT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000920909
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				841028716
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		PREM14A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23952
		FILM NUMBER:		01675416

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 REMINGTON
		CITY:			FORT COLLINS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80524
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9704847722

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 REMINGTON
		CITY:			FT COLLINS
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80524

PRES14A

dpres14a.txt

SPECIAL NOTICE AND PROXY

                                  SCHEDULE 14A
                    INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT

                            SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
          Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities
                              Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant [X]

Filed by a party other than the Registrant [_]

Check the appropriate box:

[X] Preliminary Proxy Statement           [_]Confidential, for Use of the
                                             Commission Only (as permitted by
                                             Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

[_] Definitive Proxy Statement

[_] Definitive Additional Materials

[_] Soliciting Material Pursuant to (S) 240.14a-12

                                  AVERT, INC.
                (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

                                 NOT APPLICABLE
      (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

No fee required. Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1)
and 0-11.

  (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: Common
      Stock

  (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: 3,266,705

  (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed
      pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11: $22.00

  (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: $71,867,510

  (5) Total fee paid: $14,373.50

[X]Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule
   0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid
   previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number,
   or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.

  (1) Amount previously paid: Not Applicable

  (2) Form, schedule or registration statement no.: Not Applicable

  (3) Filing party: Not Applicable

  (4) Date filed: Not Applicable

                                  AVERT, INC.
                                 301 REMINGTON
                          FORT COLLINS, COLORADO 80524

                                                                   July 18, 2001

Dear Shareholder:

   You are cordially invited to attend a Special Meeting of Shareholders of
Avert, Inc. ("Avert") to be held at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303
East 17th Avenue, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado on August 10, 2001 at 9:00 a.m.
local time.

   At the Special Meeting you will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal to approve a merger agreement whereby Avert will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. ("ADP"). In the merger, you will
be entitled to receive $22.00 in cash for each share of Avert's common stock
you own immediately prior to the merger.

   The board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement. The board of directors believes that the terms and provisions of the
merger agreement and the proposed merger are fair to and in the best interests
of Avert's shareholders. Therefore, the board of directors recommends that you
vote in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby. In reaching its decision, the board of directors
considered, among other things, the written opinion of Lehman Brothers Inc.,
the board of directors' financial advisor, that, as of June 15, 2001, the
$22.00 per share cash consideration to be offered to Avert's shareholders was
fair to Avert's shareholders from a financial point of view.

   The attached notice of special meeting and proxy statement explain the
proposed merger and provide specific information concerning the special
meeting. Please read these materials carefully. Do not send any certificates
representing Avert common stock at this time. If the merger is consummated,
instructions will be mailed to you.

   The proposed merger is an important decision for Avert and its shareholders.
It cannot occur unless, among other things, the merger agreement is approved by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of
Avert common stock. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, I
urge you to sign, date and promptly return the enclosed proxy card to ensure
that your shares will be voted at the special meeting. Failure to return an
executed proxy card will constitute, in effect, a vote against approval of the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          /s/ Dean A. Suposs
                                          Chairman and President

   This proxy statement and proxy are being mailed to Avert's shareholders
beginning on or about July 18, 2001.

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

                                  AVERT, INC.
                                 301 REMINGTON
                          FORT COLLINS, COLORADO 80524

                                                                   July 18, 2001

To Our Shareholders:

   Notice is hereby given that a Special Meeting of the Shareholders of Avert,
Inc. ("Avert") will be held at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303 East
17th Avenue, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado on August 10, 2001, at 9:00 a.m.
local time, for the following purposes:

     1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the Agreement and
  Plan of Merger dated as of June 15, 2001, among Avert, Automatic Data
  Processing, Inc. ("ADP") and ADP Colorado, Inc. ("ADP Colorado"), and the
  related Plan of Merger, pursuant to which (a) ADP Colorado will be merged
  with and into Avert, with Avert as the surviving corporation, and (b)
  shareholders of Avert (other than ADP or any of its subsidiaries and
  shareholders of Avert who dissent and seek payment of the fair value of
  their shares) will be entitled to receive $22.00 in cash, without interest,
  for each share of common stock of Avert.

     2. To consider and vote upon such other matters as may properly come
  before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

   Only shareholders of record on July 17, 2001 are entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the special meeting. Any shareholder may examine a list of Avert's
shareholders of record, for any purpose related to the special meeting, during
ordinary business hours at the offices of Avert, 301 Remington, Fort Collins,
Colorado 80524.

   Shareholders of Avert who have given notice of their intent to assert their
dissenters' rights prior to the Special Meeting and who do not vote in favor of
the agreement and plan of merger will have the right to dissent and to obtain
payment of the fair value of their shares if the merger is completed and they
comply with the procedures set forth in Colorado law explained in the
accompanying proxy statement and attached as Annex C to the accompanying proxy
statement.

   The merger is described in the accompanying proxy statement, which you are
urged to read carefully. Copies of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and the
Plan of Merger are attached as Annex A and Annex B, respectively, to the
accompanying proxy statement.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors

                                          /s/ Dean A. Suposs

                                          Dean A. Suposs
                                          Chairman and President

                     YOU SHOULD NOT SEND STOCK CERTIFICATES
                              WITH YOUR PROXY CARD

                               

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER.....................................   3
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS..................   6
SUMMARY....................................................................   7
  Parties to the Merger....................................................   7
  Recommendation of Avert's Board Of Directors.............................   8
  Factors Considered by the Board of Directors.............................   8
  Fairness Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the Board of Directors......   8
  Effects of the Merger; Merger Consideration..............................   8
  The Special Meeting......................................................   9
  Record Date, Voting at the Special Meeting...............................   9
  Dissenters' Rights.......................................................   9
  Share Ownership of Management and Directors..............................   9
  Executives' Agreements with ADP..........................................   9
  Interests of the Executives in the Merger................................  10
  Conditions to the Merger.................................................  10
  Termination of the Merger Agreement......................................  10
  Payment of Fees and Expenses.............................................  11
  Material Federal Income Tax Consequences.................................  11
  Accounting Treatment.....................................................  11
  Financing of the Merger..................................................  12
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SPECIAL MEETING.................................  13
  Time, Place and Date.....................................................  13
  Purpose of the Special Meeting...........................................  13
  Record Date; Voting at the Special Meeting; Quorum.......................  13
  Required Vote............................................................  14
  Action to be Taken at the Special Meeting................................  14
  Proxy Solicitation.......................................................  14
THE MERGER.................................................................  16
  Background of the Merger.................................................  16
  Reasons for the Merger...................................................  18
  Fairness Opinion of Financial Advisor to the Board.......................  19
  Interests of the Executives and Certain Other Persons in the Merger......  23
  Certain Effects of the Merger............................................  24
  Stock Exchange Listing; Federal Securities Law Consequences..............  24
  Conduct of the Business of Avert if the Merger is not Consummated........  24
  Accounting Treatment.....................................................  24
  Financing for the Merger.................................................  24
  Regulatory Matters.......................................................  25
  Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences..................................  25
  Dissenters' Rights.......................................................  26
CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.................................  28
  Effective Time...........................................................  28
  The Merger; Merger Consideration.........................................  28
  Payment of Merger Consideration..........................................  29
  Treatment of Stock Plans.................................................  29
  Representations and Warranties...........................................  29
  Agreements and Obligations of the Parties Pending the Effective Time.....  31
  Acquisition Proposals....................................................  31
  Directors' and Officers' Indemnification.................................  32

                                       i

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

  Conditions to the Merger.................................................  32
  Termination..............................................................  33
  Fees and Expenses........................................................  34
EXECUTIVES' AGREEMENTS WITH ADP............................................  34
  Employment Agreements....................................................  34
PARTIES TO THE MERGER......................................................  36
  Avert....................................................................  36
  ADP......................................................................  36
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.............  38
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS......................................................  39
OTHER BUSINESS.............................................................  39
AVAILABLE INFORMATION......................................................  39
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS.....................................................  40

ANNEXES
 Annex A Agreement and Plan of Merger
 Annex B Plan of Merger
 Annex C Dissenters' Rights Statute
 Annex D Fairness Opinion of Financial Advisor

                                       ii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:  WHAT IS THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION?

A:  ADP will acquire Avert by causing the merger of ADP Colorado into Avert,
    with Avert as the surviving corporation. After the merger, Avert's shares
    will not be publicly traded.

Q:  WHO ARE ADP AND ADP COLORADO?

A:  ADP is a Delaware corporation that is one of the largest providers of
    computerized transaction processing, data communication, and information
    services in the world. ADP Colorado is owned by ADP. It was recently formed
    by ADP for the purpose of acquiring Avert pursuant to the proposed merger.

Q:  WHAT WILL I RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A:  Shareholders of Avert, other than ADP and its subsidiaries and shareholders
    of Avert who dissent and seek payment of the fair value of their shares,
    will be entitled to receive $22.00 in cash, without interest, for each
    share of Avert common stock owned by them. The $22.00 per share merger
    price represents a 25.7% premium over the closing price of Avert's shares
    on June 15, 2001, the trading day prior to the announcement of the merger,
    and a 34.6% premium over the average closing price of the shares for the 60
    trading days prior to the announcement.

Q:  WHY IS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDING THAT I VOTE FOR THE MERGER
    AGREEMENT?

A:  In the opinion of the board of directors, the terms and provisions of the
    merger agreement and the proposed merger are fair to and in the best
    interests of Avert's shareholders. The board of directors has accordingly
    unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement and declared it
    advisable. To review the background and reasons for the merger in greater
    detail, see pages   through  .

Q:  HOW DID THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS MAKE SURE THE PRICE PER SHARE I WILL RECEIVE
    IN THE PROPOSED MERGER IS FAIR TO ME?

A:  The board of directors retained legal and financial advisors to assist it
    in the negotiations, and received an opinion from its financial advisor
    that as of June 15, 2001, the date of the opinion, the $22.00 per share you
    are offered in the proposed merger is fair to you from a financial point of
    view.

Q:  WHAT ARE THE DISADVANTAGES TO ME OF MERGING AVERT WITH ADP COLORADO?

A:  Following the proposed merger, the current holders of Avert's common stock,
    other than ADP and its subsidiaries and certain employees of Avert with
    stock options that will become exercisable for common stock of ADP, will no
    longer have the opportunity to benefit from any earnings or growth of
    Avert.

Q:  WHEN DO YOU EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

A:  On or about August 10, 2001.

Q:  WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES TO ME OF MERGING AVERT WITH ADP COLORADO?

A:  Shareholders will receive a premium over the market price of Avert, and
    will not face the risks associated with the implementation of Avert's post-
    year 2001 strategy.

Q:  WHAT POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST DOES THE BOARD HAVE IN RECOMMENDING
    APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT?

A:  Dean A. Suposs, one of the three members of the Avert board of directors,
    has a potential conflict of interest in recommending approval of the merger
    agreement because his options, currently exercisable for Avert's common
    stock, will convert into options that are exercisable for ADP's common
    stock and he will be employed by Avert following the merger. To review the
    factors considered by the board of directors in approving the merger
    agreement, see pages   to  .

Q:  WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE PLAN OF MERGER?

A:  The holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of Avert's common stock
    must vote to approve the merger agreement. Mr. Suposs has agreed to vote in
    favor of the merger and the Agreement and Plan of Merger, pursuant to an
    agreement with ADP. As of July 17, 2001, the record date for shareholders
    entitled to vote at the special meeting of shareholders, Mr. Suposs owned
    approximately 3.27% of Avert's outstanding common stock.

Q:  WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A:  After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
    document, please complete, sign and mail your signed proxy card in the
    enclosed return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares may be
    represented at the special meeting.

Q:  WHAT DO I DO IF I WANT TO CHANGE MY VOTE?

A:  Send in a later-dated, signed proxy card to Avert's Secretary before the
    special meeting or attend the special meeting in person and vote.

Q:  IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
    SHARES FOR ME?

A:  Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how
    to vote. Your broker will contact you regarding the procedures necessary
    for him or her to vote your shares. Please tell your broker how you would
    like him or her to vote your shares. If you do not tell your broker how to
    vote, your shares will not be voted by your broker, which will have the
    effect of a vote against the proposed merger.

Q:  WHEN AND WHERE IS THE SPECIAL MEETING?

A:  The special meeting will be held on August 10, 2001 at 9:00 a.m. local
    time, at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303 East 17th Avenue, Suite
    1100, Denver, Colorado.

Q:  WHAT IS THE EFFECT IF I DO NOT VOTE?

A:  If you do not submit a proxy card or vote in person at the special meeting
    or if you abstain from voting, it will have the effect of a vote against
    the merger and the merger agreement.

Q:  WHO CAN VOTE AT THE SPECIAL MEETING?

A:  Holders of Avert common stock at the close of business on July 17, 2001 may
    vote at the special meeting.

Q:  DO I HAVE DISSENTERS' RIGHTS?

A:  Under Colorado law, you are entitled to dissenters' rights. If you do not
    vote in favor of the merger and you properly elect to exercise your
    dissenters' rights, as described under "The Merger --Dissenters' Rights"
    and in Annex C, you may receive payment of the "fair value" of your Avert
    common stock. The fair value could be equal to, less than or more than
    $22.00 per share.

Q:  HOW DO I GET PAID FOR MY AVERT COMMON STOCK?

A:  If the merger is approved and consummated, you will be mailed instructions,
    which will explain how to exchange your share certificates for the merger
    consideration. Do not send in your stock certificates now.

Q:  WHAT ARE THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE MERGER?

A:  Your receipt of cash in the merger will be taxable to you and you will
    recognize a gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the
    adjusted tax basis of your shares and the amount of cash you receive in the
    merger as you would for any open market or other sale of your shares for
    cash.

                               ----------------

                       WHO CAN HELP ANSWER MY QUESTIONS?

        If you have more questions about the merger, you should contact:

                                 Dean A. Suposs
                                 301 Remington
                          Fort Collins, Colorado 80524
                                 (800) 367-5933

                                       or

                                Robert M. Fraina
                             D. F. King & Co., Inc.
                                77 Water Street
                            New York, New York 10005
                                 (212) 493-6941

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   This proxy statement contains or incorporates by reference certain forward-
looking statements and information relating to Avert that are based on the
beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by and information currently
available to Avert. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning
plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and
underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of
historical facts, including statements regarding the completion of the proposed
merger. When used in this document, the words "anticipate," "believe,"
"estimate," "expect," "plan," "intend," "project," "predict," "may," and
"should" and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements reflect the current view of Avert with respect to
future events, including the completion of the proposed merger, and are subject
to numerous risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many factors could cause the
actual results, performance or achievements of Avert to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others:

  .  the failure of Avert shareholders to approve the merger agreement;

  .  a material adverse change in the business operations, financial
     condition or prospects of Avert or its subsidiaries or in ADP's ability
     to close the merger;

  .  failure of Avert or ADP to satisfy other conditions to the merger; and

  .  Avert's ability to continue to attract and retain highly-skilled
     technical and management personnel in an intensely competitive market.

   Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from
those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, planned
or intended. Avert does not intend, or assume any obligation, to update these
forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or
changes in the factors affecting such forward-looking statements.

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement and
may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand
the proposal fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of
the merger, you should read carefully this entire document, including the
Annexes, and the other documents to which this document refers. We have
included page references parenthetically to direct you to a more complete
description of each topic presented in this summary. The Agreement and Plan of
Merger and the Plan of Merger are attached as Annex A and Annex B,
respectively, to this proxy statement. We encourage you to read these documents
as they are the legal documents that govern the merger.

Parties to the Merger (Page  )

Avert
Avert, Inc.
301 Remington, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524
(970) 484-7722

   Avert provides Internet-based customizable, employment screening solutions
to help companies match the right person with the right role. Avert does this
by verification of job applicant background information and ongoing criminal
and drug screening as well as assessment testing. The employee background
reports are obtained through source document retrieval, public record database
searches, Avert databases, and a national network of couriers (engaged on an
independent contractor basis) developed and managed by Avert since its
incorporation. Partners and their network of clinics deliver the drug screening
services. Assessment testing is provided online or in person via an assessment
test from AdvantageIS. Background checking services currently consist of
criminal records, workers' compensation histories, driving records, employment
and personal reference checks, credit histories, social security number
validations, name and address verification, education and credential
verifications and employment application forms.

ADP
Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
One ADP Boulevard
Roseland, New Jersey, 07068
(973) 974-5000

   ADP is one of the largest providers of computerized transaction processing,
data communication and information services in the world. ADP's employer
services offers a comprehensive range of payroll, human resources, benefits
administration, time and attendance, tax filing and reporting, professional
employer organization, compliance management and retirement plan services to
employers in the United States, Canada, Europe and Latin America. ADP's
brokerage services provide securities transaction processing, broker
productivity applications and investor communication services to the financial
services industry. ADP's dealer services provide e-business and integrated
computing solutions for motor vehicle retailers and their manufacturers
worldwide. ADP's claims services offer a broad line of claims information
products to property and casualty insurance companies, claim adjusters, repair
shops and auto parts recycling facilities.

ADP Colorado
ADP Colorado, Inc.
One ADP Boulevard
Roseland, New Jersey, 07068
(973) 974-5000

   ADP Colorado, Inc. is a Colorado corporation that is wholly owned by ADP.
ADP formed ADP Colorado in May, 2001 to be merged with and into Avert.

Recommendation of Avert's Board of Directors

   The board of directors is comprised of Dean A. Suposs, who will continue to
be employed by Avert after the date of the merger, and two independent
directors. The board of directors unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement. The board of directors recommends that you vote to approve the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The board of
directors believes that the merger and the terms and provisions of the merger
agreement, including the $22.00 per share cash purchase price, are fair to and
in the best interests of Avert's shareholders.

Factors Considered by the Board of Directors (see Page  )

   In reaching its decision to approve and recommend approval of the merger
agreement, the board of directors considered a number of factors, including the
following:

  .  the fact that implementation of Avert's business plan may be subject to
     declining usage by large and small technology companies because of the
     impact of the economic downturn, both nationally and internationally, on
     the human resources industry;

  .  the $22.00 per share in cash would represent an 18% premium over the
     closing price of Avert's common stock on the trading day prior to the
     announcement of the merger and a 34.6% premium over the average closing
     price of the shares for the 60 trading days prior to the merger
     announcement;

  .  the volatility of and other factors affecting the stock market in
     general and the market for Avert's stock in particular (including the
     information technology services sector) make it impossible to predict
     with any certainty the future market price for Avert stock;

  .  the written opinion of Avert's financial advisor, Lehman Brothers,
     delivered to the board of directors to the effect that as of the date of
     the opinion (June 15, 2001) the $22.00 per share to be offered to Avert
     shareholders in the merger was fair to such shareholders from a
     financial point of view; and

  .  the likelihood that the conditions to the Merger will be satisfied,
     including compliance with regulatory requirements and the fact that the
     obligations of ADP are not conditioned upon obtaining any financing.

   Additional factors considered by the board of directors are set forth on
Pages   to  .

Fairness Opinion of the Financial Advisor to the Board of Directors (see Page
and Annex D)

   Lehman Brothers delivered to the board of directors a written opinion dated
June 15, 2001 that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the various
considerations, assumptions and limitations stated therein, the $22.00 per
share cash consideration to be offered to the holders of Avert's common stock
in connection with the merger was fair to such shareholders.

Effects of the Merger; Merger Consideration (see Page  )

   Upon consummation of the merger:

  .  ADP Colorado will be merged with and into Avert, with Avert continuing
     as the surviving corporation and becoming a subsidiary of ADP;

  .  Each share of Avert common stock outstanding at the date and time the
     merger becomes effective, other than shares held by ADP and its
     subsidiaries, and shares held by Avert shareholders, if any, who
     properly exercise their dissenters' rights under Colorado law, will be
     converted into the right to receive $22.00 in cash, without interest;

  .  Holders of Avert common stock will no longer have any interest in Avert;

  .  Options held by employees of Avert will fully vest on the effective date
     of the Merger and become exercisable for common stock of ADP based on
     the closing price of ADP shares on the closing date of the merger; and

  .  Avert shares will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market, and there
     will be no public market for the shares.

The Special Meeting (see Page  )

   The special meeting will be held at 9:00 a.m. local time on August 10, 2001,
at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303 East 17th Avenue, Suite 1100,
Denver, Colorado. At the special meeting shareholders will be asked to consider
and vote upon the approval of the merger of ADP Colorado into Avert, after
which Avert would become a subsidiary of ADP, and the merger agreement relating
thereto.

Record Date, Voting at the Special Meeting (Page  )

   You are entitled to vote at the special meeting if you owned Avert shares as
of the close of business on the record date of July 17, 2001. On the record
date, there were 3,266,705 shares of common stock entitled to vote at the
special meeting. Shareholders will have one vote at the special meeting for
each share of common stock they owned on the record date.

   The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
Avert common stock is required to approve the merger agreement.

Dissenters' Rights (Page  )

   Avert is incorporated under Colorado law. Under Colorado law, any Avert
shareholder who does not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement
and who properly exercises his or her dissenters' rights will be entitled to
receive fair value of his or her Avert shares. In order to receive the fair
value for their shares, dissenting Avert shareholders must:

  .  not vote in favor of the merger;

  .  deliver to Avert prior to a vote on the merger a written notice of their
     intent to demand fair value for their shares; and

  .  strictly follow the other requirements of Article 113 of the Colorado
     Business Corporation Act, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex C.

   Any Avert shareholder who wishes to submit a notice of intent to demand
payment of the fair value of his or her Avert shares must deliver, prior to a
vote on the merger at the special meeting, the written notice to Avert, Inc.,
301 Remington, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, Attention: Secretary.

Share Ownership of Management and Directors (Pages   and )

   On the record date, directors and executive officers owned and are entitled
to vote 397,241 (approximately 12.16%) of the outstanding shares of Avert
common stock. Of these shares, 106,889 (approximately 3.27%) were owned by Dean
A. Suposs and his spouse. Mr. Suposs is contractually required by ADP to vote
his shares in favor of the merger agreement and the merger. Each director and
executive officer has expressed an intent to vote his or her shares in favor of
the merger and the merger agreement. As a result of the voting agreement and
those present intentions, the affirmative vote of an additional 1,236,112
shares will be required to satisfy the voting requirement.

Executives' Agreements with ADP (Page  )

   A condition imposed by ADP to the merger, which has been satisfied, is that
Dean A. Suposs and Jerry Thurber enter into termination and release agreements
with Avert. In addition, Mr. Suposs and Mr. Thurber

must accept employment with the surviving corporation on the terms set forth in
an employment letter provided by ADP. Jamie M. Burgat, Avert's Vice President
of Operations, entered into similar agreements.

Interests of the Executives in the Merger (Page  )

   The executives have interests in the merger that are different from, or in
addition to, your interests as shareholders. These include:

  .  options held by the executives that currently are exercisable for Avert
     common stock will be exercisable for ADP common stock post merger;

  .  employment post merger for Mr. Suposs, Mr. Thurber and Ms. Burgat; and

  .  continued indemnification and liability insurance for Avert directors
     and officers.

Conditions to the Merger (Page  )

   The merger will be completed if a number of conditions are met (or, where
permitted, waived), including the following:

  .  The shareholders of Avert adopt the merger agreement;

  .  The relevant waiting period imposed under the antitrust laws expires;

  .  The representations and warranties of each party are true and correct in
     all material respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of
     the closing date, including the representation that there has not been a
     material adverse change in Avert's business since December 31, 2000; and

  .  Each party performs in all material respects all obligations required to
     be performed by it under the merger agreement at or prior to the
     effective time of the merger.

   In addition, ADP has the right to not consummate the merger if:

  .  All material contractual consents required in connection with the merger
     are not obtained;

  .  A law, injunction or order prohibits the transaction;

  .  The holders of 10% or more of Avert's common stock have exercised their
     dissenters' rights under Colorado law;

  .  Litigation is pending against Avert that could reasonably be expected to
     have a material adverse effect on Avert or ADP; and

  .  The termination and release agreements and the employment letters
     executed by each of Dean A. Suposs and Jerry Thurber are no longer in
     effect or either Mr. Suposs or Mr. Thurber has died, become disabled or
     incapacitated or otherwise is unable to perform his duties as an officer
     of the surviving corporation.

   In some instances, a condition to completion of the merger can be waived,
but only if the party entitled to assert that condition agrees to waive it.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (Page  )

   ADP and Avert may mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement at any
time. In addition, either party may terminate the merger agreement if:

  .  The parties do not complete the merger by November 30, 2001;

  .  Avert's shareholders do not adopt the merger agreement;

  .  A law or regulation makes the transaction illegal or any order or
     injunction permanently prohibits the transaction; or

  .  The other party breaches its representations, warranties, agreements or
     obligations under the merger agreement in any material respect and does
     not or cannot cure the breach.

   In addition, Avert may terminate the merger agreement if:

  .  prior to the shareholders' approval of the merger, Avert's board of
     directors approves and Avert enters into an agreement providing for the
     implementation of a proposal that is more favorable to Avert's
     shareholders from a financial point of view than the merger, as
     determined by Avert's board of directors in the manner set forth in the
     merger agreement.

Payment of Fees and Expenses (Page  )

   Whether or not the merger is consummated, and except as provided below, all
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger will be paid by the
party incurring the expenses.

   Avert must pay ADP a termination or "break-up" fee of $3.25 million, plus up
to $1 million to reimburse ADP for its out-of-pocket expenses, if the merger
agreement is terminated by Avert because, before approval by Avert's
shareholders of the merger, Avert's board of directors approves and Avert
enters into an agreement providing for the implementation of a proposal that is
more favorable to Avert's shareholders from a financial point of view than the
merger, as determined by Avert's board of directors in the manner set forth in
the merger agreement.

   In addition, Avert must pay the foregoing break-up fee and expenses if
Avert's shareholders fail to approve the merger agreement and the merger or
Avert breaches its covenants or agreements under the merger agreement in any
material respect and does not or cannot cure the breach; provided, that Avert
shall not be obligated to pay such fee or expenses unless (i) at the time of
the shareholder meeting or on the date that ADP terminates the merger agreement
because of breaches by Avert of its covenants or obligations, Avert has
received a bona fide alternative acquisition proposal or a third party has made
or publicly announced its intention to make a bona fide acquisition proposal,
and (ii) within 18 months after the termination of the merger agreement, Avert
enters into a definitive agreement providing for an alternative acquisition
proposal with any third party or an alternative acquisition proposal is
consummated with any third party.

   Expenses incurred in connection with the filing fee for this proxy
statement, printing and mailing the proxy materials and the filing fee under
the antitrust laws shall be shared equally by ADP and Avert.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences (Page  )

   The receipt of cash by an Avert shareholder pursuant to the merger will be a
taxable transaction for federal income tax purposes and may also be taxable
under applicable state, local and foreign income and other tax laws. As with
any other sale of shares for cash, a shareholder will recognize a gain or loss
in an amount equal to the difference between the adjusted tax basis of his or
her Avert common stock and the amount of cash received in exchange therefor in
the merger. Such gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss if the Avert
common stock is a capital asset in the hands of the shareholder and will be a
long-term capital gain or loss if the holding period exceeds one year.

Accounting Treatment (Page  )

   The merger will be treated by ADP as a "purchase" for accounting purposes.

Financing of the Merger (Page  )

   ADP intends to fund the aggregate merger consideration to Avert's
shareholders, including amounts payable with respect to non-employee directors'
outstanding stock options, and to pay related fees, expenses and other
transaction costs of ADP, through cash on hand. The merger is not conditioned
on obtaining financing.

                   INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SPECIAL MEETING

Time, Place and Date

   This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation by the
board of directors (the "Board") of Avert from the holders of shares of common
stock, without par value, of Avert of proxies for use at a Special Meeting of
Shareholders (the "Special Meeting") to be held at 9:00 a.m. local time, on
August 10, 2001, at the offices of Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303 East 17th Avenue,
Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado, or at any adjournments or postponements thereof,
pursuant to the enclosed Notice of Special Meeting of Shareholders.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

   At the Special Meeting, the Avert shareholders will be asked to consider and
vote upon the proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated June
15, 2001, among ADP Colorado, Inc. ("ADP Colorado"), Avert and Automatic Data
Processing, Inc. ("ADP"), and the merger contemplated thereby. Copies of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger and the Plan of Merger are attached hereto as
Annex A and Annex B, respectively and are referred to herein as the "Merger
Agreement." The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of ADP Colorado with
and into Avert (the "Merger"), with Avert as the surviving corporation (the
"Surviving Corporation"). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each outstanding
share of common stock (other than any shares held by ADP or any of its
subsidiaries and any shares held by shareholders of Avert who perfect their
rights under Colorado law to dissent from the Merger and seek payment of the
fair value of their shares (the "Dissenting Shareholders")) will be converted
into the right to receive $22.00 per share in cash, without interest (the
"Merger Consideration").

   The Board is comprised of Stephen C. Fienhold, Stephen D. Joyce (the
"Independent Directors") and Dean A. Suposs. Mr. Suposs will continue to be
employed by Avert after the Merger and his options that are exercisable for
common shares of Avert will convert into options that are exercisable for
common shares of ADP. Neither of the Independent Directors is an employee of
Avert, and neither of the Independent Directors will have any continuing equity
interest in the Surviving Corporation. Each of the Independent Directors holds
options that are exercisable for common shares of Avert. Upon the Merger, these
options will convert into the right to receive the Merger Consideration less
the exercise price for such shares. At a meeting held on June 15, 2001, the
Board unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, concluded that the terms and
provisions of the Merger Agreement are advisable, that the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, are fair to and in
the best interests of the holders of Avert common stock, and approved a
recommendation that the shareholders of Avert approve the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby.

   The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote for approval of the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Record Date; Voting at the Special Meeting; Quorum

   The Board has fixed the close of business on July 17, 2001 as the record
date (the "Record Date") for the Special Meeting. Only shareholders of record
as of the close of business on the Record Date will be entitled to notice of
and to vote at the Special Meeting.

   As of the close of business on the Record Date, Avert had outstanding
3,266,705 shares of common stock, held of record by approximately 180
registered holders. Holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote per
share. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of not less than a
majority of the outstanding common stock entitled to vote at the Special
Meeting constitutes a quorum. Broker non-votes and shares as to which a
shareholder abstains will be included in determining whether there is a quorum
at the Special Meeting.

Required Vote

   Under Colorado law, the Merger Agreement must be approved by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock.
The affirmative vote of 1,633,353 shares of common stock will be necessary to
satisfy this voting requirement. As of the Record Date, the directors and
executive officers of Avert owned and were entitled to vote 397,241 shares of
common stock in the aggregate, representing approximately 12.16% of the
outstanding shares of common stock. Dean A. Suposs has entered into a voting
agreement with ADP (the "Voting Agreement"), which provides, among other
things, that he will vote his shares in favor of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby. See "Executives' Agreements with ADP." The
directors and executive officers of Avert have expressed an intent to vote in
favor of the merger and the merger agreement. As a result of these agreements
and present intentions, the affirmative vote of an additional 1,236,112 shares
will be required to satisfy the voting requirement.

   Because Colorado law requires the Merger Agreement to be approved by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock, failure to return an executed proxy card or to vote in person at
the Special Meeting or abstaining from the vote will constitute, in effect, a
vote against approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby for purposes of Colorado law. Similarly, broker non-votes will have the
same effect as a vote against approval of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby.

Action to be Taken at the Special Meeting

   The enclosed proxy card is solicited on behalf of the Board. The giving of a
proxy does not preclude the right to vote in person should any shareholder
giving the proxy so desire. Shareholders have an unconditional right to revoke
their proxy at any time prior to its exercise, either by filing with Avert's
Secretary at Avert's principal executive offices a written revocation or a duly
executed proxy bearing a later date or by voting in person at the Special
Meeting. Attendance at the Special Meeting without casting a ballot will not,
by itself, constitute revocation of a proxy. Any written notice revoking a
proxy should be sent to Avert, Inc., 301 Remington, Fort Collins, Colorado
80524, Attention: Secretary.

   All shares of Avert common stock represented at the Special Meeting by
properly executed proxies received prior to or at the Special Meeting, unless
previously revoked, will be voted at the Special Meeting in accordance with the
instructions on the proxies. Unless contrary instructions are indicated,
proxies will be voted "FOR" the approval of the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby. As explained below in the section entitled
"The Merger--Dissenters' Rights," a vote in favor of the Merger Agreement means
that the shareholder owning those shares will not have the right to dissent and
seek appraisal of the fair value of such shareholder's shares.

   Avert does not know of any matters, other than as described in the Notice of
Special Meeting of Shareholders, that are to come before the Special Meeting.
If any other matters are properly presented at the Special Meeting for action,
including, among other things, consideration of a motion to adjourn such
meeting to another time and/or place (including, without limitation, for the
purpose of soliciting additional proxies or allowing additional time for the
satisfaction of conditions to the Merger), the persons named in the enclosed
proxy card and acting thereunder generally will have discretion to vote on such
matters in accordance with their best judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the persons named in the enclosed proxy card will not use their discretionary
authority to use proxies voting against the Merger to vote in favor of
adjournment or postponement of the Special Meeting. The Merger is also subject
to a number of additional conditions. See "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to
the Merger."

Proxy Solicitation

   The cost of preparing the Notice of Special Meeting of Shareholders and the
enclosed proxy card will be borne by Avert. The cost of assembling and mailing
this proxy statement, the Notice of Special Meeting of

Shareholders and the enclosed proxy card will be shared equally by Avert and
ADP. Avert is requesting that banks, brokers and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries forward copies of the proxy material to their principals and
request authority for the execution of proxies. Avert and ADP may reimburse
such persons for their expenses in so doing. In addition to the solicitation of
proxies by mail, the directors, officers and employees of Avert and its
subsidiaries may, without receiving any additional compensation, solicit
proxies by telephone, facsimile, telegram or in person. In addition, Avert has
retained D. F. King, 77 Water Street, New York, New York 10005, (212) 493-6941,
to assist Avert in the solicitation of proxies from brokerage firms and other
custodians, nominees and fiduciaries. D. F. King will be paid a fee estimated
at $10,000, plus reimbursement of expenses.

   No person is authorized to give any information or make any representation
not contained in this proxy statement, and if given or made, such information
or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorized.

   Avert shareholders should not send any certificates representing shares of
common stock with their proxy card. If the Merger is consummated, the procedure
for the exchange of certificates representing shares of common stock will be as
set forth in this proxy statement. See "Certain Provisions of the Merger
Agreement--Payment of Merger Consideration" on Page  .

   The matters to be considered at the Special Meeting are of great importance
to you. We urge you to read and carefully consider the information presented in
this document, and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed
voting form in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

                                   THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   During March, April and May of 1997 representatives of ADP and Avert held
numerous telephone conversations to discuss the potential marketing by ADP of
Avert's products and services to ADP's customer base through the ADP sales
force. In July 1997 ADP and Avert entered into an agreement for a pilot program
pursuant to which ADP would sell Avert's products and services in the Boston,
Massachusetts and Rhode Island areas. The pilot program proved to be
successful, and in November 1997 at a meeting to discuss the results of the
pilot program, a representative of ADP raised the subject of ADP possibly
purchasing a minority equity interest in Avert. Although Avert indicated that
such a relationship might be acceptable, in February 1998 ADP determined that
it did not wish to own a minority interest. In May 1998 ADP and Avert expanded
their pilot program to include Chicago, Illinois. In October 1998 ADP again
raised the subject of acquiring an interest in Avert, this time suggesting that
it might be willing to acquire all of Avert in the range of $6.50 to $7.50 per
share.

   From October, 1998 until January 18, 1999, Avert, through its then financial
advisor, The Wallach Company, pursued discussions with ADP and seven other
potential strategic merger partners. After preliminary discussions, only ADP
and one other company expressed any serious interest in an acquisition of
Avert. As a result of those discussions, the per share price that could be
obtained by Avert's shareholders appeared to be in the range of $7.00-$8.50. On
January 18, 1999, the Board met and concluded that Avert's shareholders would
recognize greater value if Avert continued to operate as a stand alone company
and terminated these discussions.

   On May 6, 1999 Avert and the Emerging Business Services division of ADP
entered into a marketing agreement wherein ADP agreed to sell certain of
Avert's employment screening and verification products and services to current
and potential clients of ADP. Avert agreed to pay ADP a percentage of the
revenues generated pursuant to those sales. Avert entered into a similar
marketing agreement with the Major Accounts division of ADP on July 9, 1999.

   In 2000 Avert and the Emerging Business Services Division of ADP entered
into a marketing agreement wherein Avert agreed to market and promote ADP
payroll and payroll related tax filing data processing services on Avert's
business-to-business electronic commerce site. ADP agreed to pay Avert a one-
time fee, determined as a percentage of revenues, for each Avert user who
purchased ADP's services.

   In January 2000 the President of Avert met with a representative of Lehman
Brothers to discuss the possibility of Lehman Brothers commencing coverage of
Avert by Lehman Brothers' stock analysts. The discussion also involved Lehman
Brothers acting as Avert's investment banker to the extent Avert had need for
an investment banker.

   Beginning in February and March of 2000 Avert received several inquiries
from companies regarding Avert's interest in merging. Representatives of Avert
engaged in discussions with two such companies. As a result of those
discussions, in April 2000 Avert engaged Lehman Brothers as its investment
banker to perform a valuation of Avert and to evaluate strategic merger
partners. Lehman Brothers was asked to contact the investment bankers
representing both companies that had indicated an interest and Lehman Brothers
did so and began preparation of a disclosure document to be furnished to those
companies as well as any other companies that indicated an interest together
with a nondisclosure agreement.

   Lehman Brothers finished preparation of the disclosure document in May of
2000, and in May, June and July of 2000 began to make contact with a group of
companies targeted as the best strategic merger partners for Avert. By this
time, however, the stock market had declined precipitously, and merger and
acquisition activity was declining rapidly. No company contacted by Lehman
Brothers expressed an interest in acquiring Avert.

The two companies that had expressed an interest in February and March did not
withdraw from the discussions but further discussions with them were delayed
until the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001.

   In May 2000 a representative of ADP again suggested acquiring a minority
interest in Avert through the possible purchase by ADP of newly issued
convertible preferred stock of Avert. During August 2000 discussions were held
between Avert and representatives of ADP. Discussions continued through October
2000.

   In December 2000 representatives of a small capitalization public company
contacted the President of Avert and expressed an interest in acquiring Avert
in a stock for stock merger. This concept was discussed with the Board on
December 29, 2000, and the Board directed the President to engage Lehman
Brothers to evaluate the concept. In February 2001 Avert determined not to
pursue discussions with that company, believing that the discussions with ADP
described below provided a better opportunity and that the stock of ADP was
more attractive than the stock of that company.

   In January 2001 representatives of ADP advised Avert that it would not
pursue owning a minority interest in Avert through convertible stock and
inquired whether Avert would consider a complete purchase of the company. After
consultation with the Board, the President of Avert advised ADP that it would
consider such an offer provided that it was fair to the Avert shareholders. ADP
indicated that it was considering an offer in the $16-18 per share range. Avert
advised ADP it believed that range was too low but would continue discussions
and permit ADP to perform a due diligence review of Avert. Avert also advised
Lehman Brothers in January 2001 that these discussions were ongoing and to be
alert to a need to evaluate any proposal from ADP.

   In January 2001 one of the companies that had approached Avert in the Spring
of 2000 again contacted Avert, and a meeting was held with representatives of
that company in January 2001. As result of that meeting Avert instructed Lehman
Brothers to contact representatives of the other company. That company was
permitted to commence due diligence on Avert. That company ultimately required
an exclusive right to negotiate with Avert. Given the preliminary purchase
price indications, Avert declined that requirement and no further discussions
were held with that company.

   After February 2001 Avert held discussions only with ADP and continued the
negotiations begun in January 2001 with ADP.

   The initial discussions with ADP was for a stock for stock merger and
numerous negotiations were held between January and early April 2001 at which a
potential exchange ratio was discussed. During these negotiations ADP continued
its due diligence review of Avert.

   On April 4, 2001 representatives of ADP advised the President of Avert that
ADP would no longer consider a stock for stock merger but that it would
consider only a cash merger. Negotiations between the parties resulted in ADP
initially suggesting $21 per share. Avert was unwilling to pursue discussions
at that price. Finally, in April 2001 ADP and Avert reached a tentative
understanding at $22 per share, subject to ADP's completion of its due
diligence and the negotiation of an acceptable merger agreement and related
documents. From April until June 15th the parties engaged in negotiation of the
merger agreement.

   On June 13, 2001 the Board of Avert met to discuss the proposed merger and
evaluate the terms thereof. On June 15, 2001 the Board again met to hear the
presentation by Lehman Brothers of its evaluation of the proposed merger and
its assessment of the fairness of the merger to the shareholders of Avert from
a financial point of view. At that meeting Lehman Brothers presented its oral
and written opinion that the Merger was fair to the shareholders of Avert from
a financial point of view. Following that presentation the Board adopted and
approved the Merger Agreement and the Merger. Avert and ADP executed and
delivered the Merger Agreement after the close of the market on June 15, 2001.
The signing of the Merger Agreement was publicly announced by ADP and Avert on
June 18, 2001.

Reasons for the Merger

   The Board of Avert believes that the Merger Consideration offers the best
price reasonably available to the shareholders of Avert. In reaching its
conclusions with respect to the Merger Consideration, the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, the Board considered a number of factors, including the following:

  .  The fact that implementation of Avert's business plan may be subject to
     declining usage by large and small technology companies because of the
     impact of the economic downturn, both nationally and internationally, on
     the human resources industry;

  .  The fact that implementation of Avert's business plan is subject to
     potential competitive pressure from large and small competitors;

  .  The $22 per share in cash would represent an 18% premium over the
     closing price of Avert's common stock on the trading day prior to the
     Board's approval of the merger and a 34.6% premium over the average
     closing price of Avert's common stock for the 60 trading day period
     prior to the announcement of the Merger;

  .  The volatility of and other factors affecting the stock market in
     general and the market for Avert's stock in particular (including the
     Internet business services sector) makes it impossible to predict future
     market prices for Avert's stock;

  .  The low average daily trading volume for Avert common stock;

  .  The Board's belief that it is unlikely that any other party would
     propose an acquisition or strategic business combination that would be
     more favorable to Avert and its shareholders, based upon the fact that
     (i) Avert's financial advisor actively sought and evaluated potential
     strategic alternatives to advance shareholder value, (ii) management had
     pursued in good faith alternatives that had been identified and (iii)
     discussions with other parties had led to a determination that no such
     party was willing or able to make a more favorable offer for Avert;

  .  The presentation of Avert's financial advisor, Lehman Brothers, at the
     meeting of the Board of Directors held on June 15, 2001 and a written
     opinion of Lehman Brothers delivered to the Board on June 15, 2001 to
     the effect that as of the date of such opinion the $22.00 per share to
     be received by the Avert shareholders was fair to them from a financial
     point of view;

  .  The fact that the ADP distribution system provided a strategic fit for
     the distribution of Avert products that made Avert more valuable to ADP
     than other potential suitors;

  .  The Board's belief that the Merger is fair to and in the best interests
     of the shareholders of Avert and that no higher price could be
     negotiated with ADP;

  .  The other terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the
     fact that the Merger Agreement allows the Board to terminate the Merger
     Agreement upon payment of a breakup fee, in order to accept a bona fide
     proposal reasonably expected to lead to an acquisition, merger or
     business combination or similar transaction that the Avert Board
     determines in good faith after consultation with its financial and other
     advisors to be more favorable to Avert and its shareholders than the
     merger with ADP;

  .  The likelihood that the Merger will be consummated, including the fact
     that the obligations of ADP are not conditioned upon obtaining any
     financing; and

  .  The fact that stock prices for Internet business services companies
     suffered a precipitous decline since March of 2000 and that the price of
     Avert had not declined to the same extent, rendering other potential
     suitors unwilling to consider an offer for Avert.

The foregoing factors considered by the Board are not intended to be
exhaustive, but include the material factors considered. In view of the variety
of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the
offer price, the Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or
otherwise assign relative

weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determination and
recommendations, and individual directors may have given differing weights to
different factors.

Fairness Opinion of Financial Advisor to the Board

   On April 26, 2000, the Board engaged Lehman Brothers to act as its financial
advisor with respect to evaluating potential strategic merger partners. On June
15, 2001, Lehman Brothers rendered its oral and written opinion to the Board,
with respect to the acquisition of Avert by ADP, that as of such date and,
based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein, from a financial
point of view, the consideration to be offered to the shareholders of Avert in
the Merger is fair to such shareholders.

   The full text of Lehman Brothers' written opinion, dated June 15, 2001 (the
"Lehman Brothers Opinion") is attached as Annex D to this Proxy Statement.
Shareholders may read such opinion for a discussion of the assumptions made,
procedures followed, factors considered and limitations upon the review
undertaken by Lehman Brothers in rendering its opinion. The following is a
summary of the Lehman Brothers Opinion and the methodology that Lehman Brothers
used to render its fairness opinion.

   Lehman Brothers' advisory services and opinion were provided for the
information and assistance of the Board in connection with its consideration of
the Merger. The Lehman Brothers Opinion is not intended to be and does not
constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Avert as to how such
shareholder should vote in connection with the Merger. Lehman Brothers was not
requested to opine as to, and the Lehman Brothers Opinion does not address,
Avert's underlying business decision to proceed with or effect the Merger.

   In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed and analyzed:

     (1) the Merger Agreement and the specific terms of the Merger;

     (2) publicly available information concerning Avert that Lehman Brothers
  believed to be relevant to its analysis, including Avert's Annual Report on
  Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 and Avert's Quarterly
  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001;

     (3) financial and operating information with respect to the business,
  operations and prospects of Avert furnished to Lehman Brothers by Avert;

     (4) a trading history of Avert common shares from June 13, 1998 to June
  13, 2001 and a comparison of that trading history with those of other
  companies that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

     (5) a comparison of the historical financial results and present
  financial condition of Avert with those of other companies that Lehman
  Brothers deemed relevant;

     (6) the results of efforts to solicit indications of interest from third
  parties with respect to a purchase of Avert; and

     (7) a comparison of the financial terms of the Merger with the financial
  terms of certain other transactions that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant.

   In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of Avert
concerning its business, operations, assets, financial condition and prospects
and undertook such other studies, analyses and investigations as Lehman
Brothers deemed appropriate.

   In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman
Brothers without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of
such information and further relied upon the assurances of the management of
Avert that they were not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make
such information inaccurate or misleading. With respect to the financial
projections of Avert, upon advice of Avert,

Lehman Brothers assumed that such projections were reasonably prepared on a
basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of Avert as to the future financial performance of Avert and that
Avert will perform substantially in accordance with such projections. In
arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers conducted only a limited physical
inspection of the properties and facilities of Avert and did not make or obtain
any evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Avert. The Lehman
Brothers Opinion was necessarily based upon market, economic and other
conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date of such
opinion.

   In connection with rendering its opinion, Lehman Brothers performed certain
financial, comparative and other analyses as described below. In arriving at
its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific range of value to
Avert, but rather made its determination as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, to the shareholders of Avert of the consideration to be offered
by ADP in the Merger on the basis of financial and comparative analyses. The
preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as to the
most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and comparative analysis and
the application of those methods to the particular circumstances, and
therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description.
Furthermore, in arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
factor. Accordingly, Lehman Brothers believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that considering any portion of such analyses and
factors, without considering all analyses and factors as a whole, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion. In its
analyses, Lehman Brothers made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters, many
of which are beyond the control of Avert. None of Avert, Lehman Brothers, or
any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially
different from those discussed. Any estimates contained in these analyses were
not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth
therein. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses actually
may be sold.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by Lehman
Brothers in connection with providing its opinion to the Board. Certain of the
summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses used by Lehman
Brothers, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses. Accordingly, the analyses listed in the tables and described below
must be considered as a whole. Considering any portion of such analyses and of
the factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying the Lehman
Brothers Opinion.

 Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

   As part of its analysis, Lehman Brothers prepared a five-year discounted
after-tax cash flow model that was based upon financial projections prepared by
the management of Avert. Lehman Brothers used after-tax discount rates of 12%
to 14% and a terminal value based on a range of multiples of estimated revenues
in 2005 of 1.0x to 2.0x. Based on these discount rates and terminal values,
Lehman Brothers calculated the implied equity value per share of Avert common
share at approximately $16.65 to $27.32.

 Selected Transaction Analysis

   Lehman Brothers reviewed certain publicly available information on 23
transactions (assuming 100% acquisition of the target) with transaction values
ranging from $50 million to $500 million that occurred between June 13, 1999
and June 13, 2001 and involved target companies that Lehman Brothers deemed
comparable to Avert. Out of the 23 transactions, Lehman Brothers based its
valuation analysis on seven all cash transactions. The following transactions
were included in Lehman Brothers' analysis:

   Announcement Date             Acquiror                           Target
   -----------------             --------                           ------

   5/25/01             TMP Worldwide Inc.           Jobline International AB
   9/27/00             Dimension Data Holdings plc  TimeBridge Technologies Inc.
   3/27/00             Cahners Business Information CMD Group
   3/23/00             The Thomson Corporation      Dialog Corporation plc--
                                                    Online Information Business Division
   2/28/00             Getty Images, Inc.           Visual Communications Group
   8/12/99             WPP Group                    IntelliQuest Information Group, Inc.
   7/30/99             Pearson plc                  Thomson Financial Securities Management

   For all of these transactions, relevant publicly available multiples were
analyzed, including enterprise value (as defined below) divided by the latest
12 months ("LTM") revenues, revenues less direct cost associated with revenues
("gross profit"), and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization ("EBITDA"). The enterprise value was obtained by adding the
implied equity value and short and long-term debt and subtracting its cash and
cash equivalents balance as of the transaction announcement date. The following
are the mean multiples of the selected all cash transactions and Avert's
implied equity values per share:

                            Enterprise Value/ Enterprise Value/ Enterprise Value/
                              LTM Revenues    LTM Gross Profit     LTM EBITDA
                            ----------------- ----------------- -----------------

   Mean of Selected Cash
    Transactions...........        2.6x              4.0x             15.1x
   Avert Implied Equity
    Value per Share........      $15.96            $12.85            $22.29

   However, because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances
surrounding each of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction
and because of the inherent differences between the businesses, operations,
financial conditions and prospects of Avert and the acquired businesses
analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate to, and therefore
did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the analysis, and
accordingly, also made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the
financial and operating characteristics and prospects of Avert and the
companies included in the comparable company analysis that would affect the
public trading values of each.

 Comparable Company Analysis

   In order to assess how the public market values the shares of similar
publicly traded companies, Lehman Brothers reviewed and compared specific
financial and operating data of Avert with selected companies that Lehman
Brothers deemed comparable to Avert including EDGAR Online, Inc., Harris
Interactive Inc., Hoover's, Inc., and US Search.com, Inc. Using publicly
available information, Lehman Brothers calculated and analyzed each company's
enterprise value to certain historical and projected financial criteria such as
revenue and gross profit.

   The following table summarizes the revenue and gross profit multiples of the
comparable companies and the implied equity value per share of Avert. The
implied equity values per share are based on Avert's operating results for the
last 12 months ended March 31, 2001 and Avert management estimates for the
calendar years ("CY") ending 2001 and 2002. In addition, Lehman Brothers
applied a control premium of 40% to the implied public market valuation based
upon appropriate premiums paid for similar acquisitions.

                                                        Enterprise Value/ Gross
                            Enterprise Value/ Revenues         Profit(a)
                            -------------------------- --------------------------
                            LTM(b) CY2001(c) CY2002(c) LTM(b) CY2001(c) CY2002(c)
                            ------ --------- --------- ------ --------- ---------

   Mean of Selected
    Comparable Companies...   2.0x    1.5x      1.1x     3.3x    2.4x      1.7x
   Avert Implied Equity
    Value per share........ $12.56  $12.50    $11.46   $11.03  $10.55     $9.83

- --------
(a)  Gross profit represents revenues less direct cost associated with the
     revenues.
(b)  Represents latest 12 months ended March 31, 2001.
(c)  Selected comparable companies' financial information calendarized.

   However, because of the inherent differences between the business,
operations and prospects of Avert and the business, operations and prospects of
the companies included in the comparable companies, Lehman Brothers believed
that it was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the
quantitative results of the comparable company analysis and accordingly also
made qualitative judgments concerning differences between the financial and
operating characteristics and prospects of Avert and the companies included in
the comparable company analysis that would affect the public trading values of
each.

 Purchase Price Ratio Analysis

   The purchase price ratio analysis provides enterprise value multiples of key
operating statistics for a range of transaction values. Based upon the $22 per
share merger consideration, Lehman Brothers calculated the ratio of enterprise
value to revenues and gross profit derived from the latest 12 months ended
March 31, 2001, and Avert management estimates for the calendar years ending
2001 and 2002. Based upon the purchase price ratio analysis, the $22 per share
merger consideration yielded a premium to market price of 18% over the closing
price of Avert of $18.60 on June 13, 2001 and a 34% premium to the 60-day
average closing prices preceding June 13, 2001. The following table summarizes
the implied multiples resulting from the $22 per share merger consideration.

                                                                  Gross
                                                       Revenues Profit(a) EBITDA
                                                       -------- --------- ------

   LTM ended 3/31/01..................................   3.9x     7.6x    14.9x
   CY 2001............................................   3.0x     5.9x    11.8x
   CY 2002............................................   2.3x     4.6x     9.1x

- --------
(a)  Gross profit represents revenues less direct cost associated with the
     revenues.

 Transaction Premium Analysis

   Lehman Brothers reviewed the premia paid in all cash transactions in the
Technology Sector and all cash transactions in all industries with values
ranging between $50 million to $150 million from June 15, 1999 to June 13,
2001. Lehman Brothers calculated the median premia per share paid by acquirors
compared to the share price of the target companies prevailing (i) one day,
(ii) one week and (iii) one month prior to the announcement of the
transactions. To obtain the implied equity value per share based on this
analysis, Lehman Brothers applied the respective median premia to Avert closing
price one day, one week, and one month prior to June 13, 2001. This analysis
resulted the following median premia and implied equity values per share for
Avert:

                                                             Period Prior to
                                                               Announcement
                                                           --------------------
                                                            One    One    One
                                                            Day    Week  Month
                                                           ------ ------ ------

Avert Closing Stock Price................................. $18.65 $18.49 $15.00

Median Premia of All Cash Transactions
Technology sector of last two years.......................  31.3%  37.8%  56.1%
Technology sector of last six months......................  42.9%  58.8%  61.1%
All industries of last two years..........................  32.3%  39.6%  46.3%
All industries of last six months.........................  42.6%  48.3%  55.6%

Avert Implied Equity per Share Value
Technology sector of last two years....................... $24.49 $25.48 $23.42
Technology sector of last six months...................... $26.65 $29.37 $24.16
All industries of last two years.......................... $24.68 $25.82 $21.94
All industries of last six months......................... $26.60 $27.43 $23.34

   Although the implied equity values per share for Avert common shares
exceeded the $22 per share merger consideration, Lehman Brothers did not
attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it, but
rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance with
analysis and factor.

   Lehman Brothers is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
and, as part of its investment banking activities, is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes. The Board selected Lehman Brothers
because of its expertise, reputation and familiarity with the Internet Business
Services sector and because its investment banking professionals have
substantial experience in transactions comparable to the Merger.

   As compensation for its services in connection with the Merger, Avert has
agreed to pay Lehman Brothers a fee of $1.5 million, a portion of which is
contingent on the consummation of the Merger. In addition, Avert has agreed to
reimburse Lehman Brothers for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with the Merger and to indemnify Lehman Brothers for certain
liabilities that may arise out of its engagement by Avert and the rendering of
the Lehman Brothers Opinion. Lehman Brothers also has provided investment
banking services to ADP in the past and received customary fees for such
services. Harvey Krueger, a Vice Chairman of Lehman Brothers, is a Director of
ADP. In the ordinary course of its business, Lehman Brothers may actively trade
in the debt or equity securities of Avert and ADP for its own account and for
the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in such securities.

Interests of the Executives and Certain Other Persons in the Merger

   In considering the recommendation of the Board with respect to the Merger,
shareholders should be aware that Dean A. Suposs, Avert's President and a Board
member, Jerry Thurber, Avert's Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of
Client Services, and Jamie M. Burgat, Avert's Vice President of Operations,
have interests that may present actual, potential or the appearance of
potential conflicts of interest in connection with the Merger. The Board was
aware of these potential or actual conflicts of interest and considered them
along with other matters described under "The Merger--Reasons for the Merger."

 Executives' and Employees' Equity interest in ADP

   Certain executives and employees of Avert hold options that are exercisable
for common shares of Avert. Upon the Merger, these options will convert into
options that are exercisable for common shares of ADP.

 Employment Agreements with the Surviving Corporation

   As a condition to the Merger imposed by ADP, Dean A. Suposs and Jerry
Thurber have accepted employment letters provided by ADP that provide the terms
upon which they will be employed by the Surviving Corporation. Jamie M. Burgat
has also accepted such an employment letter. For the principal terms of these
employment letters see "Executives' Agreements with ADP--Employment Letters."

 Management of the Surviving Corporation

   Dean A. Suposs, Jerry Thurber and Jamie M. Burgat will continue as
management of the Surviving Corporation following the Merger under the terms of
the employment letters referenced above. None of the executives will serve as
directors of the Surviving Corporation following the Merger. The Independent
Directors' directorships will terminate at closing of the Merger.

 Indemnification and Insurance

   Following the Merger, the present and former officers and directors of Avert
will continue to be indemnified by the Surviving Corporation against any claims
made against them following the Merger arising

out of events occurring on or before the Effective Time, including the Merger.
Avert also will be required to advance any expenses incurred by a director or
officer in connection with a claim to the maximum extent permitted under
applicable law.

Certain Effects of the Merger

   If the Merger is consummated, ADP Colorado will be merged with and into
Avert, with Avert continuing as the Surviving Corporation and becoming a
subsidiary of ADP. Except for the employees who may acquire ADP shares post
Merger through exercise of employee stock options, the current holders of
Avert's common stock will no longer have any interest in and will not be
shareholders of Avert. Such holders, therefore, will not benefit from any
future earnings or growth of Avert or from any increases in the value of Avert,
and will no longer bear the risk of any decreases in the value of Avert.
Instead, each shareholder (other than ADP and shareholders who dissent and seek
fair value of their shares) will have the right to receive $22.00 in cash upon
consummation of the Merger for each share of common stock they hold, without
interest.

   The benefit of the Merger to the holders of common stock is the payment of a
premium, in cash, above the market value for such share prior to the
announcement of the Merger. This cash payment assures that all shareholders
will receive the same amount for their shares, rather than taking the risks
associated with attempting to sell their shares in the open market. The
detriment to such holders is their inability to participate as continuing
shareholders in the possible future growth of Avert. If the Merger is
consummated, ADP will hold the entire equity interest of Avert and ADP and its
stockholders will therefore be the sole beneficiaries of any future earnings or
growth of Avert and any increases in Avert's value.

   At the Effective Time, the articles of incorporation and bylaws of ADP
Colorado will become the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation, and the directors of ADP Colorado will become the directors of the
Surviving Corporation.

Stock Exchange Listing; Federal Securities Law Consequences

   Avert common stock is currently registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). As a result of the Merger, the common
stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market and no longer publicly
traded and the registration of the common stock under the Exchange Act will be
terminated, Avert will be relieved of the obligation to comply with the proxy
rules of Regulation 14A under Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and its officers,
directors and beneficial owners of more than 10% of the common stock will be
relieved of the reporting requirements and "short-swing" trading provisions
under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Further, Avert will no longer be subject
to periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and will cease filing
information with the SEC. Accordingly, less information will be required to be
made publicly available after the Merger.

Conduct of the Business of Avert if the Merger is not Consummated

   If the Merger is not consummated, the Board expects to retain Avert's
current management team. There are no plans in such circumstances to operate
the business in a manner substantially different than presently operated.

Accounting Treatment

   The Merger will be accounted for in accordance with the purchase method of
accounting under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Financing for the Merger

   ADP intends to fund the aggregate Merger Consideration, including amounts
payable with respect to outstanding non-employee director stock options, and to
pay its related fees, expenses and transaction costs from cash on hand. The
Merger is not conditioned on ADP obtaining financing.

Regulatory Matters

   Articles of Merger must be filed by Avert with the Secretary of State of
Colorado in order to effect the Merger.

   Consummation of the Merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR Act") and the rules and
regulations thereunder, which provide that certain acquisition transactions may
not be consummated until certain information has been furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission and until certain waiting periods have been terminated or have
expired. Avert and ADP are, therefore, required to file Notification and Report
Forms which were filed with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on June 19,
2001. The waiting period under the HSR Act is expected to expire at 11:59 p.m.
on July 19, 2001.

   The expiration or termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period does
not preclude the Antitrust Division, the FTC or any state from challenging the
Merger on antitrust grounds either before or after the waiting period has
expired or been terminated. Accordingly, at any time before or after the
Effective Time of the Merger, the Antitrust Division, the FTC or any state
could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, or certain other persons, including private
parties, could take action under the antitrust laws. Such action could include
seeking to enjoin the Merger. Based on information available to them, Avert and
ADP believe the Merger can be effected in compliance with federal and state
antitrust laws. There can be no assurance, however, that a challenge to the
Merger will not be made or that, if such a challenge is made, Avert and ADP
would prevail.

Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following discussion describes certain federal income tax consequences
relevant to the Merger. The discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, existing and proposed Treasury regulations promulgated
thereunder, rulings, administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions,
changes to which could materially affect the tax consequences described herein
and could be made on a retroactive basis.

   The receipt of cash in exchange for shares of Avert common stock pursuant to
the Merger will be a taxable transaction for federal income tax purposes and
may also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local and foreign
income and other tax laws. The tax consequences of such receipt may vary
depending upon, among other things, the particular circumstances of the
shareholder. In general, a shareholder will recognize a gain or a loss for
federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the adjusted tax
basis of his or her Avert common stock and the amount of cash received in
exchange therefor in the Merger. Such gain or loss generally will be (a)
calculated separately for each block of shares (i.e., shares acquired at the
same cost in a single transaction) sold or exchanged pursuant to the Merger,
(b) a capital gain or loss if the Avert common stock is a capital asset in the
hands of the shareholder and (c) a long-term gain or loss if the holding period
for the Avert common stock is more than one year at the Effective Time of the
Merger.

   The receipt of cash by a shareholder of Avert pursuant to the Merger may be
subject to backup withholding at the rate of 31% unless the shareholder
provides a certified taxpayer identification number on Form W-9 and otherwise
complies with the backup withholding rules or demonstrates that it is exempt
from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax; any
amounts withheld may be credited against the federal income tax liability of
the shareholder subject to the withholding.

   The foregoing discussion does not address all aspects of federal income
taxation that may be relevant to a shareholder and may not apply to
shareholders (a) who acquired their Avert common stock pursuant to the exercise
of employee stock options or other compensation arrangements with Avert, (b)
who are not citizens or residents of the United States, (c) who perfect their
dissenters' rights or (d) who are subject to special tax treatment under the
Internal Revenue Code (such as dealers in securities, insurance companies,
other financial institutions, regulated investment companies, shareholders who
hold their shares as part of a hedge, straddle, or conversion transaction, and
tax-exempt entities).

   The tax discussion set forth above is included for general information only.
Due to the individual nature of tax consequences, shareholders are urged to
consult their tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences to them of the
Merger, including the effects of applicable state, local or foreign income or
other tax laws or federal tax laws other than those pertaining to income tax.

Dissenters' Rights

   Under Colorado law, each Avert shareholder has the right to dissent from the
consummation of the Merger and receive payment of the fair value of his or her
common stock ("Dissenters' Rights"). Shareholders wishing to exercise their
Dissenters' Rights must carefully comply with the applicable procedures set
forth in Article 113 of the Colorado Business Corporation Act ("CBCA"), which
are summarized below. Shareholders who fail to follow the specific requirements
of Article 113 will lose the right to payment of the fair value of their shares
and will instead receive the consideration offered as part of the Merger. Annex
C to this Proxy Statement contains a complete copy of Article 113 of the CBCA.
"Fair value," with respect to a dissenter's shares, means the value of the
shares immediately before the effective date of the Merger, excluding any
appreciation or depreciation in anticipation of the Merger except to the extent
that exclusion would be inequitable. We strongly encourage you to read the
attached Annex C for a complete understanding of your rights.

   The following paragraphs summarize the procedures for dissenting
shareholders prescribed by Article 113 of the CBCA and the full text of Article
113 is included as Annex C to this proxy statement. We encourage you to read
this statute and/or contact your legal counsel for a more complete
understanding of your rights and duties.

   Colorado law provides that each record or beneficial shareholder of Avert is
entitled to dissent from the Merger and demand payment of the fair value of his
or her shares of common stock. A shareholder wishing to exercise Dissenters'
Rights must (1) prior to a shareholder vote on the Merger, deliver to Avert
written notice of his or her intent to demand payment for shares when and if
the shareholders approve the Merger, and (2) either abstain from voting on or
vote against the Merger. A shareholder who has received notice of Dissenters'
Rights and who votes in favor of the Merger may not exercise Dissenters'
Rights. A beneficial shareholder as defined by Section 7-113-101(1) of the CBCA
must cause the record shareholder to notify Avert of his or her intent to
dissent and demand payment. A beneficial shareholder should contact his or her
record shareholder who owns the beneficial shareholder's shares for
instructions on how to dissent.

   Within 10 days after the Merger becomes effective, Avert must deliver a
written dissenter's notice (the "Dissenter's Notice") to all shareholders who
properly deliver written notice of their intent to demand payment and who also
either abstain from voting on or vote against the Merger. In the Dissenter's
Notice, Avert must (1) state that the Merger was authorized, (2) state the
effective date of the Merger, (3) include the addresses where Avert will
receive payment demands and where the stock certificates must be deposited, (4)
supply a form which the dissenting shareholder may use to demand payment, (5)
set the date by which Avert must receive the payment demand and the stock
certificates, which cannot be less than 30 days after the delivery of the
Dissenter's Notice, and (6) include a copy of Article 113 of the CBCA.
Furthermore, the Dissenter's Notice may require that all beneficial
shareholders of the dissenting shares, if any, certify that they have asserted
or will assert their Dissenters' Rights.

   After receiving the Dissenter's Notice a shareholder must demand payment in
writing and deposit any stock certificates according to the instructions in the
Dissenter's Notice. Any shareholders who fail to demand payment in writing or
properly deposit stock certificates will not be entitled to the fair value of
their shares. A shareholder's demand for payment and the deposit of any stock
certificates is irrevocable except as provided in Section 7-113-204(3) of the
CBCA. Once a shareholder demands payment, and, in the case of certified shares,
deposits the certificates with Avert, he or she may not transfer his or her
shares. However, if the Effective Time of the Merger does not occur within 60
days after the date Avert sets as the day by which a shareholder must

demand payment, Avert must return the deposited shares and lift the transfer
restrictions, and send a new Dissenter's Notice to the shareholders.

   Upon the later of the effective date of the Merger, or upon receipt of a
demand for payment by a dissenting shareholder, Avert must pay each dissenting
shareholder who properly demands payment and deposits his or her stock
certificates the amount Avert estimates to be the fair value of such shares,
plus accrued interest. The payment must be accompanied by (1) Avert's audited
balance sheet for the fiscal year ending not more than 16 months before the
date of payment, an audited income statement for that year, an audited
statement of change in shareholders' equity for that year, an audited cash flow
statement for that year and the latest available interim financial statement
(which may be unaudited); (2) a statement of Avert's estimate of the fair value
of the shares; (3) an explanation of how the interest was calculated; (4) a
statement of the dissenting shareholder's right to demand payment if he or she
rejects Avert's estimate of the fair value of the shares; and (5) a copy of
Article 113 of the CBCA.

   A dissenting shareholder may reject Avert's valuation of the fair value of
the shares if: (1) the dissenting shareholder believes that the amount paid or
offered is less than the fair value of the shares or that the interest due is
incorrectly calculated; (2) Avert fails to make payment within 60 days after
the date set for demanding payment; or (3) Avert does not return the deposited
stock certificates within the time specified by Section 7-113-207 of the CBCA.
In order to reject Avert's estimation of fair value, the shareholder must
notify Avert of his or her rejection in writing within 30 days after Avert
makes or offers to pay each dissenting shareholder. This notification must
include either the shareholder's own estimate of the fair value of his or her
shares and the amount of interest due, and demand payment of their estimate,
less any payment already made by Avert, or a demand for payment of the fair
value of the shares and interest due. In the event a demand for payment remains
unresolved, Avert may commence a court proceeding to determine the fair value
of the shares and accrued interest within 60 days after receiving the payment
demand from a dissenting shareholder.

                   CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   This section of the proxy statement describes material provisions of the
Merger Agreement. The description of the Merger Agreement contained in this
proxy statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text
of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and the Plan of Merger, copies of which are
attached as Annex A and Annex B, respectively, to this proxy statement and are
incorporated herein by reference. YOU ARE URGED TO REVIEW THE MERGER AGREEMENT
CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.

Effective Time

   Subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, as soon as practicable
following the day the Merger closes, which will be the business day on which
the last to be fulfilled of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
shall be satisfied (or waived), unless another time or date is agreed to by the
parties, articles of merger (the "Articles of Merger"Articles of Merger) will
be filed by the parties in accordance with the CBCA with the Secretary of State
of the State of Colorado. The Merger will become effective upon the filing of
the Articles of Merger. The term "Effective Time" means the date and time when
the Merger becomes effective.

The Merger; Merger Consideration

   The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the adoption of the Merger
Agreement by the Avert shareholders, approval by certain regulatory
authorities, and satisfaction of certain other conditions, ADP Colorado, a
wholly owned subsidiary of ADP, will be merged with and into Avert, at which
time the separate corporate existence of ADP Colorado will cease and Avert will
continue as the Surviving Corporation. Immediately following consummation of
the Merger, Avert, as the Surviving Corporation, will be a wholly owned
subsidiary of ADP.

   At the Effective Time of the Merger, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of any shareholder:

  .  all shares of Avert common stock owned by ADP, any subsidiary of ADP or
     Avert, if any, shall be automatically canceled and retired at the
     Effective Time and will cease to exist. No consideration will be
     delivered in exchange for these shares, which will no longer be
     outstanding, will automatically be canceled and retired, and will cease
     to exist;

  .  all other issued and outstanding shares of Avert common stock will be
     converted into the right to receive $22.00 in cash, without interest
     (except for shares as to which dissenters' rights are perfected by a
     dissenting shareholder). Each holder of Avert common stock will cease to
     have any rights with respect to those shares, except the right to
     receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with the terms of the
     Merger Agreement;

  .  each share of ADP Colorado issued and outstanding immediately prior to
     the Effective Time of the Merger will be converted into one fully paid
     and nonassessable common share of the Surviving Corporation; and

  .  dissenting shareholders will not be entitled to any portion of the
     Merger Consideration or other distributions unless the dissenting
     shareholder fails to perfect or otherwise withdraws or loses his or her
     dissenters' rights under Colorado law. Shares of Avert common stock as
     to which dissenters' rights have been exercised will be treated in
     accordance with Article 113 of the CBCA. Shareholders who perfect their
     dissenters' rights are entitled to the fair value of their shares. See
     "The Merger--Dissenters' Rights" on page  . If any person, who otherwise
     would be deemed a dissenting shareholder, fails to properly perfect or
     effectively loses the right to dissent with respect to any Avert shares,
     those shares will be treated as though they had been converted as of the
     Effective Time into the right to receive $22.00 in cash, without
     interest.

Payment of Merger Consideration

   On or before the closing date of the Merger, ADP will select a reputable
bank or trust company to serve as the paying agent (the "Paying Agent") under
the Merger Agreement and will cause ADP Colorado to deposit with the Paying
Agent, cash in the amount equal to the aggregate Merger Consideration for the
benefit of holders of shares of Avert common stock.

   As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Paying Agent
will mail to each non-dissenting holder of record of shares of common stock a
letter of transmittal and instructions for use in surrendering certificates in
exchange for the Merger Consideration. No shareholder should surrender any
certificates until the shareholder receives the letter of transmittal and other
materials for such surrender. Upon surrender of a certificate for cancellation
to the Paying Agent, together with a letter of transmittal, duly executed, and
such other customary documents as may be required pursuant to the instructions,
the holder of such certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange therefor
the Merger Consideration into which the number of shares of Avert common stock
previously represented by such certificate(s) shall have been converted without
any interest thereon. The certificates so surrendered will be canceled.

   If payment of the Merger Consideration is to be made to a person other than
the person in whose name the certificate surrendered is registered, it will be
a condition of payment that the certificate so surrendered will be properly
endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the person
requesting such payment pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of
the payment of the Merger Consideration to a person other than the registered
holder thereof or establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation
that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.

Treatment of Stock Plans

   Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Avert's Amended and Restated 1994 Stock
Incentive Plan was amended so that each stock option remains subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in that plan or other agreement pursuant to
which such stock option was subject immediately prior to the Effective Time,
except that (1) each such stock option shall be exercisable for that number of
whole shares of ADP common stock equal to the aggregate number of shares of
Avert common stock for which such stock option was exercisable immediately
prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Option Exchange Ratio (as
described below) and (2) the exercise price per share of such stock option
shall equal the aggregate exercise price of such stock option immediately prior
to the Effective Time divided by the number of shares of ADP's common stock for
which such stock option shall be exercisable as determined in accordance with
clause (1). The "Option Exchange Ratio" means the quotient obtained by dividing
(a) the Merger Consideration by (b) the closing price per share of ADP's common
stock on the date of the closing of the Merger. All such options will fully
vest on the Effective Time of the Merger.

   Non-Employee Director Stock Purchase Plan. Avert's Non-Employee Director's
Stock Option Plan shall terminate as of the Effective Date. Each director
holding an Avert stock option will receive, in full satisfaction of that stock
option, an amount in cash without interest in respect thereof equal to the
product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the per
share exercise or purchase price of such stock option and (ii) the number of
shares subject to such stock option, whether vested or unvested. Each such
stock option held by a director shall be canceled on the Effective Date.

Representations and Warranties

   The Merger Agreement contains certain representations and warranties of
Avert, including, without limitation, representations and warranties regarding:

  .  its organization and qualification;

  .  capitalization;

  .  its authority relative to the Merger Agreement;

  .  filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and its financial
     statements;

  .  no conflict or violation of laws or other agreements;

  .  receipt of consents and approvals required for the Merger;

  .  possession of necessary permits;

  .  Securities and Exchange Commission filings;

  .  absence of changes or events which would have a material adverse effect
     on Avert;

  .  employee benefit plans;

  .  absence of litigation;

  .  environmental matters;

  .  intellectual property;

  .  taxes;

  .  identity and enforceability of material contracts;

  .  real property;

  .  labor matters;

  .  insurance;

  .  customer relationships;

  .  the lack of any requirement to be registered under the Investment
     Company Act of 1940;

  .  the opinion rendered by Avert's financial advisor with respect to the
     fairness of the Merger Consideration;

  .  brokers;

  .  the accuracy of information supplied for inclusion or incorporation by
     reference in this document;

  .  the vote required to approve the Merger; and

  .  compliance with consumer reporting agency laws.

   The Merger Agreement also contains certain representations and warranties of
ADP and ADP Colorado including, without limitation, representations and
warranties regarding:

  .  their organization and qualification;

  .  capitalization;

  .  their authority relative to the Merger Agreement;

  .  no conflict or violation of laws or other agreements;

  .  receipt of consents and approvals required for the Merger;

  .  brokers;

  .  the accuracy of information supplied for inclusion or incorporation by
     reference in this document;

  .  board approval of the Merger;

  .  the vote required to approve the Merger; and

   . interim operations of ADP Colorado.

Agreements and Obligations of the Parties Pending the Effective Time

   Avert agreed that, prior to the Effective Time, except with the prior
written consent of ADP, it will not:

  .  amend its charter documents;

  .  issue or sell any shares of capital stock;

  .  declare or pay any dividend;

  .  split, reclassify or redeem any shares of its capital stock;

  .  conduct its business except in the ordinary course of business and
     consistent with past practice;

  .  increase the compensation or benefits, grant any severance or enter into
     any employment agreement with any director, officer or employee;

  .  acquire, transfer, pledge or encumber any assets, other than in the
     ordinary course of business;

  .  incur, assume or prepay any indebtedness, assume, guarantee or become
     responsible for the obligations of others, or make any loans to any
     other person, in each case, other than in the ordinary course of
     business;

  .  terminate or make any material change in any material contract, other
     than in the course of ordinary business;

  .  adopt a plan of liquidation, dissolution, merger or reorganization;

  .  enter into any agreement restricting Avert from competing in any line of
     business other than in the ordinary course of business;

  .  take any action with respect to accounting policies or procedures other
     than in the ordinary course of business;

  .  waive, release or settle any material rights, claims or litigation; or

  .  make any material tax election or settle any income tax liability.

   Both ADP and Avert have agreed that they will:

  .  not take any action that would result in any of the conditions to the
     Merger not being satisfied; and

  .  notify each other of (i) any fact or event that would result in any
     representations or warranties in the Merger Agreement being materially
     untrue, cause any material covenant, condition or agreement in the
     Merger Agreement not to be complied with in all material respects, or
     result in a material adverse effect, (ii) any failure of ADP or Avert to
     comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement, (iii) any
     notice from any governmental entity, and (iv) the commencement of any
     proceeding to prevent or seek damages in respect of the Merger.

Acquisition Proposals

   The Merger Agreement provides that, at no time prior to the Effective Time,
may Avert directly or indirectly authorize or permit any of its agents to:

  .  solicit, initiate, encourage or facilitate any inquiry or the making of
     any Acquisition Proposal as defined herein or agree to endorse any
     Acquisition Proposal;

  .  participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any Acquisition
     Proposal, or furnish to another person any information with respect to,
     or take any other action to facilitate any Acquisition Proposal;

  .  agree to, approve or recommend any Acquisition Proposal; or

  .  take any action inconsistent with the foregoing obligations;

unless (1) the Board concludes in good faith following consultation with its
outside counsel that such action is reasonably necessary in order for the Board
to comply with its fiduciary duties to Avert's shareholders, (2) financing for
such Acquisition Proposal, to the extent required, is then committed or, in the
reasonable judgment of the Board, is reasonably capable of being obtained by
such third party, (3) the Board determines in good faith that such Acquisition
Proposal, if accepted, is reasonably likely to be consummated taking into
account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and
the person making the proposal, and believes in good faith, after consultation
with and based upon the advice of an independent nationally recognized
financial advisor that such Acquisition Proposal would, if consummated, result
in a transaction more favorable to the Company's shareholders from a financial
point of view than the Merger (any such more favorable Acquisition Proposal
being referred to herein as a "Superior Proposal"), (4) prior to taking action
with respect to the Acquisition Proposal, Avert provides reasonable notice to
ADP to the effect that it is taking such action and such third party has
executed a confidentiality agreement in reasonably customary form. Prior to
providing any information to or entering into discussions with any person in
connection with an Acquisition Proposal, Avert shall notify ADP of any
Acquisition Proposal or any inquiries indicating that any person is considering
making an Acquisition Proposal, as promptly as practicable (but in no case
later than 24 hours) after its receipt thereof. Avert shall provide ADP with a
copy of any written Acquisition Proposal or amendments or supplements thereto,
and shall thereafter inform ADP on a prompt basis of (a) the status of any
discussions or negotiations with any such third party and any material changes
to the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal and shall promptly
give ADP a copy of any information delivered to such person that ADP has not
previously reviewed and (b) any request by any person for nonpublic information
relating to Avert's properties, books or records. Nothing in the Merger
Agreement will prohibit Avert from taking and disclosing to Avert's
shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to Avert's shareholders that, in the
good faith reasonable judgment of the Board, after consultation with
independent legal counsel, is required under applicable law.

   For purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means an
inquiry, offer or proposal regarding any of the following transactions that
involves Avert (other than the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement): (i) any merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization,
business combination or other similar transaction; (ii) any sale, lease,
exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of all or
substantially all the assets of Avert in a single transaction or series of
related transactions; (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer for 10% or more
of the outstanding shares of Avert's common stock or the filing of a
registration statement under the Securities Act in connection therewith; or
(iv) any public announcement of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the
foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing.

Directors' and Officers' Indemnification

   Avert will, and after the Effective Time, ADP and the Surviving Corporation,
will indemnify all current and former directors, officers and employees of
Avert against all liabilities or any claim arising out of their positions at
Avert, the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement subject to the limitations set forth in the Merger Agreement.

Conditions to the Merger

   Avert. The obligations of Avert to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions or the waiver thereof by Avert before
the Effective Time:

  .  the representations and warranties of ADP and ADP Colorado in the Merger
     Agreement being true and correct in all material respects as of the
     Effective Time as though made on or as of the Effective Time;

  .  ADP and ADP Colorado having performed and complied, in all material
     respects, with all of their covenants set forth in the Merger Agreement;

  .  the Merger Agreement and the Merger having been approved by the holders
     of a majority of the outstanding shares of Avert common stock;

  .  all waiting periods required by the HSR Act having expired with respect
     to the Merger or early termination of the waiting periods have been
     obtained without governmental request or order requiring, among other
     things, the sale or other disposition of assets or businesses of ADP or
     Avert; and

  .  no law, injunction or order prohibits the transaction.

   ADP and ADP Colorado. The obligations of ADP and ADP Colorado to effect the
Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions or the
waiver thereof by ADP before the Effective Time:

  .  the representations and warranties of Avert in the Merger Agreement
     being true and correct in all material respects as of the Effective Time
     as though made on or as of the Effective Time;

  .  Avert having performed and complied, in all material respects, with all
     of its covenants set forth in the Merger Agreement;

  .  since June 15, 2001, there shall have been no material adverse effect on
     Avert;

  .  the Merger Agreement and the Merger having been approved by the holders
     of a majority of the outstanding shares of Avert's common stock;

  .  no law, injunction or order prohibits the transaction;

  .  all waiting periods required by the HSR Act having expired with respect
     to the Merger or early termination of the waiting periods has been
     obtained without governmental request or order requiring, among other
     things, the sale or other disposition of assets or businesses of ADP or
     Avert;

  .  no litigation being pending against Avert that would materially
     adversely effect the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
     or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
     Avert or on ADP, and no statute, rule, order or injunction having been
     enacted, entered or enforced by any court or governmental authority
     preventing completion of the Merger;

  .  no more than holders of 10% of Avert's common stock shall have exercised
     their dissenters' rights under Colorado law;

  .  each of Dean A. Suposs and Jerry Thurber has entered into termination
     and release agreements with Avert and has accepted employment with the
     Surviving Corporation on the terms set forth in the employment letter
     provided by ADP. Neither Dean A. Suposs nor Jerry Thurber has died,
     become disabled or incapacitated or otherwise is unable to perform his
     duties as an officer of Avert; and

  .  all material contractual consents required in connection with the Merger
     are obtained.

Termination

   The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time
prior to the Effective Time by the mutual written consent of Avert and ADP or
by either Avert or ADP if:

  .  the parties do not complete the merger by November 30, 2001;

  .  the Merger Agreement and the Merger fail to receive the required Avert
     shareholder approval;

  .  if any order injunction or decree preventing the consummation of the
     Merger shall have been entered by any court of competent jurisdiction or
     governmental entity and shall have become final and nonappealable; or

  .  there has been a breach of representations, warranties, covenants or
     agreements set forth in the Merger Agreement on the part of the other
     party that is not cured within 20 days following written notice to the
     party committing the breach, or which by its nature cannot be cured;

   In addition, Avert may terminate the Merger Agreement if:

  .  prior to the shareholders' approval of the Merger, the Board approves
     and Avert enters into an agreement providing for the implementation of a
     Superior Proposal, to the extent permitted by the Merger Agreement,
     after having negotiated with ADP in an attempt to make commercially
     reasonable adjustments to the terms of the Merger Agreement.

Fees and Expenses

   Whether or not the Merger is consummated and, except as otherwise provided
below, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger will be
paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.

   Avert must pay ADP a termination or "break-up" fee of $3.25 million, plus up
to $1 million to reimburse ADP for its out-of-pocket expenses, if the Merger
Agreement is terminated by Avert because, before approval by Avert's
shareholders of the Merger, the Board approves and Avert enters into an
agreement providing for the implementation of a proposal that is more favorable
to Avert's shareholders from a financial point of view than the Merger, as
determined by the Board in the manner set forth in the Merger Agreement.

   In addition, Avert must pay the foregoing break-up fee and expenses if
Avert's shareholders fail to approve the Merger Agreement and the Merger or
Avert breaches its covenants or agreements under the Merger Agreement in any
material respect and does not or cannot cure the breach; provided, that Avert
shall not be obligated to pay such fee or expenses unless (i) at the time of
the Special Meeting or on the date that ADP terminates this Agreement because
of breaches by Avert of its covenants or obligations, Avert has received a bona
fide alternative acquisition proposal or a third party has made or publicly
announced its intention to make a bona fide acquisition proposal, and (ii)
within 18 months after the termination of the Merger Agreement, Avert enters
into a definitive agreement providing for an alternative acquisition proposal
with any third party or an alternative acquisition proposal is consummated with
any third party.

   Expenses incurred in connection with the filing fee for this proxy
statement, printing and mailing the proxy materials and the filing fee under
the antitrust laws shall be shared equally by ADP and Avert.

             EXECUTIVES' AGREEMENTS WITH AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING

   As discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement, a condition to ADP's
consummation of the Merger is continuity of Avert's key management with the
Surviving Corporation following the Merger. As a result, each of Dean A. Suposs
and Jerry Thurber has entered into termination and release agreements with
Avert and have accepted employment letters of ADP offering them employment with
Avert. Jamie M. Burgat (together with Mr. Suposs and Mr. Thurber, the
"Executives" and each an "Executive") also has entered into such a termination
and release agreement and an employment letter.

   As a condition to the willingness of ADP to enter into the Merger Agreement,
ADP required Dean A. Suposs to enter into a voting agreement with ADP pursuant
to which Mr. Suposs agreed to vote his common shares for the Merger and the
Merger Agreement. The paragraphs below describe the principal provisions of
each of these agreements.

Termination and Release Agreement

   The Termination and Release Agreement contains the following provisions:

  .  effective on the closing of the Merger, the existing employment
     agreement for the Executive will terminate;

  .  effective on the closing of the Merger, the Executive and Avert fully
     release each other from any claims or liabilities arising from or
     relating to the existing employment agreement of that Executive;

  .  as of the closing of the Merger, the Executive will be employed upon the
     terms set forth in the employment letter and his or her employment shall
     be as an employee-at-will;

  .  the Executive agrees that he or she will not at any time during or after
     his employment disclose to any person or entity (other than Avert and
     its affiliates) any trade secrets or proprietary information relating to
     the businesses of Avert, ADP or any of their respective affiliates that
     is not in the public domain; and

  .  the Executive agrees that during the period commencing on the date of
     the closing of the Merger and ending three years after the termination
     of his or her employment with Avert, he or she will not, directly or
     indirectly, solicit, hire or employ any person who is now or hereafter
     becomes an employee of Avert, ADP or any of their respective affiliates
     until such person has ceased to be an employee of any of such companies.

   In addition, the Termination and Release Agreement of Mr. Suposs and Mr.
Thurber provides that such Executive agrees that during the period commencing
on the date of the closing of the Merger and ending three years after the
termination of his employment with Avert, he will not, directly or indirectly,
except on behalf of Avert, (i) provide services that are competitive with the
businesses of Avert or promote any competing business, (ii) solicit any client
of Avert for any services or products that are similar to those of Avert or
(iii) promote or sell any equipment or software by which services or products
similar to those provided by Avert can be performed.

Employment Letters

   Each of the Executives has accepted the employment letter of ADP offering
employment with the Surviving Corporation. For each Executive, certain of the
terms of the employment letter are more favorable to the Executive than the
terms of the Executive's existing employment agreement, while other terms of
the employment letter are less favorable to the Executive than the terms of his
existing employment agreement. The principal terms of the employment letters
are as follows:

  .  Executives are employees-at-will;

  .  payment of base salary for a specified period following termination of
     employment if employment terminated by Avert without cause during the
     first 12 months following the consummation of the Merger;

  .  base salary at least equal to existing base salary;

  .  executives are eligible for certain bonuses based on performance
     objectives and based on period of service;

  .  may be issued new stock options to purchase shares of ADP; and

  .  entitlement to participate in the ADP Benefits Program.

Voting Agreement

   Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Mr. Suposs made the following agreements:

  .  he will vote (or cause to be voted) the shares of common stock that he
     owns in favor of the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

  .  he will not enter into any voting agreement or grant a proxy or power of
     attorney with respect to his shares of common stock that is inconsistent
     with the Voting Agreement;

  .  except as set forth in the Merger Agreement, he will not (x) solicit,
     initiate or encourage (including by way of furnishing information or
     assistance) any inquiry or the making of any proposal that constitutes,
     or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal or
     agree to or endorse an Acquisition Proposal or (y) propose, enter into
     or participate in any discussions regarding any of the foregoing, or

   furnish to any other person any information with respect to Avert's
   business, properties or assets, or otherwise cooperate in any way with or
   assist any effort or attempt by any other person to do or seek any of the
   foregoing;

  .  except as set forth in the Voting Agreement, he will not (i) tender any
     shares of common stock, (ii) sell, assign or transfer record or
     beneficial ownership of any of the shares of common stock, or (iii)
     further pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any shares of common
     stock; provided that he may transfer record ownership of any of the
     shares of common stock so long as he maintains beneficial ownership of
     such shares of common stock (including, without limitation, the
     unfettered right to vote such shares of common stock in the manner set
     forth in the Voting Agreement).

   Under the terms of the Voting Agreement, if Mr. Suposs acquires the right to
vote any additional shares of common stock, the Voting Agreement shall be
applicable to such additional shares.

                             PARTIES TO THE MERGER

Avert

Avert, Inc.
301 Remington, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524
(970) 484-7722

   Avert was incorporated as a Colorado corporation in June 1986 under the name
Hire Risk Services Corporation. In May 1987, Avert changed its name to Avert,
Inc. Avert began as an information service bureau engaged primarily in the
business of verifying job applicant background information for employers.
Though Avert's general business strategy has remained consistent throughout the
years, there has been a concentrated focus on making technology its competitive
advantage in the most recent years.

   Avert has developed into a company providing Internet-based customizable,
employment screening solutions to help companies match the right person with
the right role. Avert does this by verification of job applicant background
information and ongoing criminal and drug screening as well as assessment
testing. The employee background reports are obtained through source document
retrieval, public record database searches, Avert databases, and a national
network of couriers (engaged on an independent contractor basis) developed and
managed by Avert since its incorporation. Partners and their network of clinics
deliver the drug screening services. Assessment testing is provided online or
in person via an assessment test from AdvantageIS. Background checking services
currently consist of criminal records, workers' compensation histories, driving
records, employment and personal reference checks, credit histories, social
security number validations, name and address verification, education and
credential verifications and employment application forms.

ADP

Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
One ADP Boulevard
Roseland, New Jersey, 07068
(973) 974-5000

   ADP was incorporated in Delaware in 1961. ADP is one of the largest
providers of computerized transaction processing, data communication and
information services in the world. ADP's employer services offers a
comprehensive range of payroll, human resources, benefits administration, time
and attendance, tax filing and reporting, professional employer organization,
compliance management and retirement plan services to employers in the United
States, Canada, Europe and Latin America. ADP's brokerage services provide
securities transaction processing, broker productivity applications and
investor communication services to the financial services industry. ADP's
dealer services provide e-business and integrated computing solutions for

motor vehicle retailers and their manufacturers worldwide. ADP's claims
services offer a broad line of claims information products to property and
casualty insurance companies, claim adjusters, repair shops and auto parts
recycling facilities.

ADP Colorado

ADP Colorado, Inc.
One ADP Boulevard
Roseland, New Jersey 07068
(973) 974-5000

   ADP Colorado, Inc., a Colorado corporation, is wholly owned by ADP and was
incorporated in May of 2001 to be merged with and into Avert.

                         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
                        BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

   The following table sets forth, as of July 15, 2001 information concerning
the beneficial ownership of Avert's common stock by (i) each person known to
Avert to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of
Avert's common stock, (ii) each director of Avert, (iii) Avert's Chief
Executive Officer and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group.
Because unvested options will vest at the closing of the Merger, they are
deemed beneficially owned for purposes of the following table.

                                             Amount and Nature of
                                            Beneficial Ownership of Percent of
Name and Address                                Common Stock(1)       Class
- ----------------                            ----------------------- ----------

J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.(2).................         317,610(1)         9.7%
500 Stanton Christiana Road
Newark, DE 19713-2107

Dean A. Suposs(3)..........................         406,889(4)        11.1%
1526 Remington
Fort Collins, Colorado 80524

Stephen C. Fienhold(3).....................         107,000(5)         3.2%
1637 Tanglewood Drive
Fort Collins, Colorado 80525

Stephen D. Joyce(3)........................         188,000(6)         5.4%
1124 Cobblestone Court
Fort Collins, Colorado 80525

All directors and executive officers as a
 group (5 persons).........................         806,241(7)        21.9%

- --------
(1)  Beneficial ownership includes shares over which the indicated beneficial
     owner exercises voting and/or investment power. Shares of Common Stock
     subject to options are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
     ownership of the person holding the options but not deemed outstanding for
     computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
(2)  Number of shares stated was obtained from Schedule 13G filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission by J.P. Morgan and Co.
(3)  A director.
(4)  Consists of: (i) 100,064 shares owned by the wife of Mr. Suposs; (ii)
     6,825 shares owned directly by Mr. Suposs; and (iii) the 300,000 shares
     purchasable under stock options granted under the Avert, Inc. 1994 Stock
     Incentive Plan.
(5)  Consists of: (i) 4,000 shares purchasable under stock options granted
     under the Avert, Inc. Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan; and (ii)
     103,000 shares owned by the wife of Mr. Fienhold.
(6)  Consists of: (i) 169,000 shares held directly or indirectly by Mr. Joyce;
     (ii) 14,000 shares owned by the children of Mr. Joyce; and (iii) 5,000
     shares purchasable under stock options granted under the Avert, Inc. Non-
     Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan.
(7)  Includes: (i) a total of 300,000 shares purchasable under employee stock
     options held by Mr. Suposs (see Note 3 above); (ii) a total of 9,000
     shares purchasable by Messrs. Fienhold and Joyce under non-employee
     director stock options (see Notes 5 and 6 above); and (iii) 4,145 shares
     held directly or indirectly by Jamie M. Burgat, the Company's Vice
     President of Operations, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary, 50,000 shares
     purchasable under employee stock options held by Ms. Burgat, 50,000 shares
     purchasable under employee stock options held by Jerry Thurber, and 207
     shares held directly or indirectly by Mr. Thurber, the Company's Chief
     Technology Officer and Vice President of Client Services.

                             SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

   If the Merger is consummated, there will be no public shareholders of Avert
and no public participation in any future meetings of Avert shareholders.
However, if the Merger is not consummated, Avert's public stockholders will
continue to be entitled to attend and participate in Avert shareholders'
meetings. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act promulgated by the SEC,
any shareholder of Avert who wishes to present a proposal at the next Annual
Meeting of Shareholders of Avert, and who wishes to have such proposal included
in Avert's proxy statement for that meeting, must deliver a copy of such
proposal to Avert at 301 Remington, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, Attention:
Secretary, so that it is received no later than December 28, 2001.

                                 OTHER BUSINESS

   The Board does not know of any other matters to be presented for action at
the Special Meeting other than as set forth in this proxy statement. If any
other business should properly come before the Special Meeting, the persons
named in the enclosed proxy card intend to vote thereon in accordance with
their best judgment on the matter.

                             AVAILABLE INFORMATION

   No person is authorized to give any information or to make any
representations, other than as contained in this proxy statement, in connection
with the Merger Agreement or the Merger, and, if given or made, such
information or representations may not be relied upon as having been authorized
by Avert. The delivery of this proxy statement shall not, under any
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the
information set forth herein or in the affairs of Avert since the date hereof.

   Avert is currently subject to the information requirements of the Exchange
Act and in accordance therewith files periodic reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC relating to its business, financial and other
matters. Copies of such reports, proxy statements and other information may be
copied (at prescribed rates) at the public reference facilities maintained by
the SEC at Room 1024, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Judiciary Plaza, Washington, D.C.
20549 and at the following Regional Offices of the SEC: 500 West Madison
Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661; and Seven World Trade Center,
Suite 1300, New York, New York 10048. For further information concerning the
SEC's public reference rooms, you may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Some of
this information may also be accessed on the World Wide Web through the SEC's
Internet address at "http://www.sec.gov." Avert's common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq National Market (ticker symbol: Avert), and materials may also be
inspected at its offices, 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors

                                          /s/ Stephen D. Joyce
                                          _____________________________________

                                          Stephen D. Joyce
                                          Secretary

Fort Collins, Colorado
July 18, 2001

                             INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Acquisition Proposal......................................................    33
ADP....................................................................... 5, 11
ADP Colorado.............................................................. 6, 11
Articles of Merger........................................................    28
Avert..................................................................... 5, 11
Board.....................................................................    11
CBCA......................................................................    26
Dissenter's Notice........................................................    26
Dissenters' Rights........................................................    26
Dissenting Shareholders...................................................    11
Effective Time............................................................    28
Exchange Act..............................................................    24
Executives................................................................    36
HSR Act...................................................................    24
Independent Directors.....................................................    11
Merger....................................................................    11
Merger Agreement..........................................................    11
Merger Consideration......................................................    11
Option Exchange Ratio.....................................................    29
Paying Agent..............................................................    29
Record Date...............................................................    11
Special Meeting...........................................................    11
Superior Proposal.........................................................    33
Surviving Corporation.....................................................    11

                                                                         Annex A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                     among

                                  AVERT, INC.,

                        AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.

                                      and

                               ADP COLORADO, INC.

                               ----------------

                           Dated as of June 15, 2001

                               ----------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

ARTICLE 1 THE MERGER......................................................   1
  Section 1.1 The Merger..................................................   1
  Section 1.2 Closing.....................................................   2
  Section 1.3 Effective Time..............................................   2
  Section 1.4 The Articles of Incorporation...............................   2
  Section 1.5 The By-Laws.................................................   2
  Section 1.6 Directors of Surviving Corporation..........................   2
  Section 1.7 Officers of Surviving Corporation...........................   2
ARTICLE 2 EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK; PAYMENT FOR COMPANY
 SHARES...................................................................   2
  Section 2.1 Effect on Capital Stock.....................................   2
  Section 2.2 Payment for Company Shares..................................   3
  Section 2.3 Treatment of Company Stock Options..........................   4
  Section 2.4 Dissenting Shares...........................................   5
  Section 2.5 Adjustments to Prevent Dilution.............................   6
  Section 2.6 Withholding Rights..........................................   6
ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY...................   6
  Section 3.1 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries................   6
  Section 3.2 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.......................   6
  Section 3.3 Capitalization..............................................   7
  Section 3.4 Authority...................................................   7
  Section 3.5 No Conflict.................................................   8
  Section 3.6 Governmental Required Filings and Consents..................   8
  Section 3.7 Permits; Compliance.........................................   9
  Section 3.8 Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") Filings; Financial
   Statements.............................................................   9
  Section 3.9 Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................   9
  Section 3.10 Employee Benefit Plans.....................................  10
  Section 3.11 [Reserved.]................................................  12
  Section 3.12 Litigation.................................................  12
  Section 3.13 Environmental Matters......................................  12
  Section 3.14 Intellectual Property......................................  13
  Section 3.15 Taxes......................................................  15
  Section 3.16 Material Contracts.........................................  16
  Section 3.17 Certain Agreements.........................................  16
  Section 3.18 Real Property..............................................  17
  Section 3.19 Labor Matters..............................................  17
  Section 3.20 Insurance..................................................  17
  Section 3.21 Customers..................................................  18
  Section 3.22 Investment Company Act.....................................  18
  Section 3.23 Opinion of Financial Advisor...............................  18
  Section 3.24 Brokers....................................................  18
  Section 3.25 Certain Statutes...........................................  19
  Section 3.26 Information................................................  19
  Section 3.27 Vote Required..............................................  19
  Section 3.28 Consumer Reporting Agency Laws.............................  19
ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARENT AND MERGER SUB.....  19
  Section 4.1 Organization and Qualification..............................  19

                                       i

  Section 4.2 Capitalization of Merger Sub..................................  20
  Section 4.3 Authority.....................................................  20
  Section 4.4 No Conflict...................................................  20
  Section 4.5 Governmental Required Filings and Consents....................  21
  Section 4.6 Brokers.......................................................  21
  Section 4.7 Information...................................................  21
  Section 4.8 Board Approval................................................  21
  Section 4.9 Vote Required.................................................  21
  Section 4.10 Interim Operations of Merger Sub.............................  21
ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS.........................................................  21
  Section 5.1 Conduct of Business of the Company............................  21
  Section 5.2 Other Actions.................................................  23
  Section 5.3 Notification of Certain Matters...............................  23
  Section 5.4 Proxy Statement...............................................  23
  Section 5.5 Company Shareholders Meeting..................................  24
  Section 5.6 Access to Information; Confidentiality........................  24
  Section 5.7 No Solicitation...............................................  24
  Section 5.8 [Reserved]....................................................  26
  Section 5.9 Directors' and Officers' Indemnification......................  26
  Section 5.10 [Reserved]...................................................  27
  Section 5.11 Reasonable Best Efforts......................................  27
  Section 5.12 Consents; Filings; Further Action............................  27
  Section 5.13 Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements..................  28
  Section 5.14 Public Announcements.........................................  28
  Section 5.15 Obligations of Merger Sub....................................  28
  Section 5.16 De-Listing...................................................  28
  Section 5.17 Expenses.....................................................  28
  Section 5.18 Takeover Statutes............................................  29
  Section 5.19 Employee Benefits............................................  29
  Section 5.20 Form S-8.....................................................  29
ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS........................................................  29
  Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger....  29
  Section 6.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Parent and Merger Sub........  30
  Section 6.3 Conditions to Obligation of the Company.......................  31
ARTICLE 7 TERMINATION.......................................................  32
  Section 7.1 Termination...................................................  32
  Section 7.2 Effect of Termination.........................................  33
  Section 7.3 Amendment.....................................................  33
  Section 7.4 Waiver........................................................  33
  Section 7.5 Expenses following Termination................................  33
ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS.....................................................  34
  Section 8.1 Certain Definitions...........................................  34
  Section 8.2 Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements....  35
  Section 8.3 Counterparts..................................................  35
  Section 8.4 GOVERNING LAW; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL...........................  35
  Section 8.5 Notices.......................................................  36
  Section 8.6 Entire Agreement..............................................  36
  Section 8.7 No Third Party Beneficiaries..................................  36

                                       ii

  Section 8.8 Obligations of the Parent and of the Company..................  37
  Section 8.9 Severability..................................................  37
  Section 8.10 Interpretation...............................................  37
  Section 8.11 Assignment...................................................  37
  Section 8.12 Specific Performance.........................................  37

EXHIBITS
Exhibit A    Form of Voting Agreement
Exhibit B-1  Forms of Dean A. Suposs Termination and Release Agreement and Employment Letter
Exhibit B-2  Forms of Jerry Thurber Suposs Termination and Release Agreement and Employment Letter
Exhibit C    Form of Plan of Merger

                                      iii

                             INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Term                                                                   Section
- ----                                                                 -----------

Acquisition Proposal................................................      5.8(f)
Affected Employee...................................................        5.19
Affiliate...........................................................      8.1(a)
Affiliate Letters...................................................         5.8
Agreement...........................................................       Title
Articles of Merger..................................................         1.3
Benefit Plans.......................................................     3.10(a)
Blue Sky Laws.......................................................         3.6
Business day........................................................      8.1(b)
CBCA................................................................    Recitals
Certificate.........................................................      2.1(a)
Claims..............................................................        3.12
Closing.............................................................         1.2
Closing Date........................................................         1.2
COBRA...............................................................     3.10(f)
Code................................................................      2.3(a)
Company.............................................................       Title
Company Benefit Plans...............................................     3.10(a)
Company Charter Documents...........................................         3.2
Company Common Stock................................................      2.1(a)
Company Disclosure Letter...........................................      3.1(a)
Company Financial Advisor...........................................        3.23
Company Governmental Consents.......................................         3.6
Company Option Plans................................................      3.3(a)
Company Permits.....................................................         3.7
Company Preferred Stock.............................................      3.3(a)
Company Real Property Leases........................................        3.18
Company SEC Reports.................................................      3.8(a)
Company Share.......................................................      2.1(a)
Company Shareholders Meeting........................................      5.4(a)
Company Shares......................................................      2.1(a)
Company Stock Options...............................................      3.3(a)
Contracts........................................................... 3.5(a)(iii)
Control.............................................................      8.1(a)
Controlled by.......................................................      8.1(a)
Controlling.........................................................      8.1(a)
Director Option Holder..............................................         2.3
Effective Time......................................................         1.3
Employment Arrangements.............................................    Recitals
Environment.........................................................        3.13
Environmental Claims................................................        3.13
ERISA...............................................................     3.10(a)
ERISA Affiliate.....................................................     3.10(a)
Excess Parent Shares................................................   2.2(d)(i)
Exchange Act........................................................         3.6
Exchange Agent......................................................   2.2(a)(i)
Exchange Ratio......................................................      2.1(a)
Exchange Trust......................................................   2.2(d)(i)

                                       iv

Term                                                                   Section
- ----                                                                 -----------

Excluded Company Shares.............................................      2.1(a)
Expenses............................................................      7.5(a)
FCRA................................................................        3.28
GAAP................................................................      3.8(b)
GCL.................................................................    Recitals
Governmental Entity.................................................         3.6
Group...............................................................      8.1(d)
Hazardous Substance.................................................        3.13
HSR Act.............................................................         3.6
Including...........................................................      8.1(c)
Indemnified Liabilities.............................................      5.9(a)
Indemnified Parties.................................................      5.9(a)
Indemnifying Party..................................................      5.9(a)
Intellectual Property............................................... 3.14(a)(ii)
Investment Company Act..............................................        3.22
IP Assignment Agreement.............................................        5.13
IP Employee.........................................................        5.13
IP Licenses......................................................... 3.14(a)(ii)
IRS.................................................................     3.10(a)
Law.................................................................  3.5(a)(ii)
Liens...............................................................         8.1
Material Adverse Effect on the Company..............................      3.1(a)
Material Adverse Effect on the Parent...............................      4.1(a)
Material Contracts..................................................     3.16(a)
Merger..............................................................    Recitals
Merger Consideration................................................      2.1(a)
Merger Sub..........................................................       Title
NYSE................................................................  2.2(d)(ii)
Option Consideration................................................         2.3
Option Exchange Ration..............................................         2.3
Parent..............................................................       Title
Parent Charter Documents............................................         4.2
Parent Common Stock.................................................      2.1(a)
Parent Disclosure Letter............................................      4.1(b)
Parent Expenses.....................................................      7.5(b)
Parent Governmental Consents........................................         4.6
Parent Preferred Stock..............................................      4.3(a)
Parent SEC Reports..................................................      4.7(a)
Parent Stock Options................................................      4.3(a)
Parent Subsidiaries.................................................      4.1(a)
Person..............................................................      8.1(d)
Proxy Materials.....................................................      5.4(a)
Proxy Statement.....................................................      5.4(a)
Release.............................................................        3.13
Representatives.....................................................      5.7(a)
Requisite Company Vote..............................................      3.4(a)
Safety and Environmental Laws.......................................        3.13
Securities Act......................................................         3.6
Series A Preferred Stock............................................      3.3(a)
significant subsidiary..............................................      8.1(e)
Software............................................................ 3.14(a)(ii)

                                       v

Term                                                                   Section
- ----                                                                 -----------

Sub Common Stock....................................................      4.3(c)
Subsidiary..........................................................      8.1(f)
Subsidiaries........................................................      8.1(f)
Superior Proposal...................................................      5.7(a)
Surviving By-Laws...................................................         1.5
Surviving Charter...................................................         1.4
Surviving Corporation...............................................         1.1
Systems.............................................................     3.14(g)
Takeover Statute....................................................        3.25
Tax Returns.........................................................     3.15(b)
Taxes...............................................................     3.15(a)
Technology.......................................................... 3.14(a)(ii)
Terminating Company Breach..........................................      7.1(f)
Terminating Parent Breach...........................................      7.1(g)
Termination Amount..................................................      7.5(b)
under common control with...........................................      8.1(a)

                                       vi

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated as of June 15, 2001
among Avert, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the "Company"), Automatic Data
Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Parent"), and ADP Colorado,
Inc., a Colorado corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent
("Merger Sub").

                                    RECITALS

   WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of each of the Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company have determined that it is in the best interests of their
respective shareholders to combine the respective businesses of the Parent and
the Company, and consequently have approved the merger of Merger Sub with and
into the Company (the "Merger") and approved and adopted the Merger, in
accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the
"GCL") and the Colorado Business Corporation Act (the "CBCA") and upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, as a condition
to the willingness of the Parent to enter into this Agreement, the Parent and
certain shareholders of the Company are entering into a Voting Agreement, a
copy of which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A (the "Voting
Agreement"), providing for the agreement by such shareholders to vote in favor
of this Agreement and the Merger;

   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, as
a condition to the willingness of Parent to enter into this Agreement, Dean A.
Suposs and Jerry Thurber have executed and delivered termination and release
agreements and employment letters with the Company, copies of which are
attached to this Agreement as Exhibits B-1 and B-2, respectively (collectively,
the "Employment Arrangements");

   WHEREAS, certain terms used in this Agreement which are not capitalized have
the meanings specified in Section 8.1; and

   WHEREAS, the Company, the Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with this
Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

                                   THE MERGER

   Section 1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined below), Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate existence
of Merger Sub shall cease. The Company shall be the surviving corporation in
the Merger (sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation") and shall
continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, and the separate
corporate existence of the Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities,
powers and franchises shall continue unaffected by the Merger. The Merger shall
have the effects set forth in Section 7-111-106 of the CBCA. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time,
all the properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company
and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts,
liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

   Section 1.2 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take
place (a) at the offices of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, 1285
Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York at 10:00 a.m.

                                      A-1

on the business day on which the last to be fulfilled or waived of the
conditions set forth in Article 6 (other than those conditions that by their
nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or
waiver of those conditions) shall be satisfied or waived in accordance with
this Agreement or (b) at such other place and time and/or on such other date as
the Company and the Parent may agree in writing (the "Closing Date").

   Section 1.3 Effective Time. As soon as practicable following the Closing,
the Company and the Parent will cause an Articles of Merger (the "Articles of
Merger") to be signed, acknowledged and delivered for filing with the Secretary
of State of the State of Colorado as provided in Section 7-111-105 of the CBCA.
The Articles of Merger shall include a Plan of Merger as required under Section
7-111-105 of the CBCA. The form of the Plan of Merger is attached hereto as
Exhibit C. The Merger shall become effective at the time when the Articles of
Merger have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Colorado or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the parties and set
forth in the Articles of Merger and in accordance with the CBCA (the "Effective
Time").

   Section 1.4 The Articles of Incorporation. The articles of incorporation of
Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, from and
after the Effective Time, be the articles of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation (the "Surviving Charter"), until duly amended as provided in the
Surviving Charter or by applicable law.

   Section 1.5 The By-Laws. The by-laws of Merger Sub in effect at the
Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the by-laws of the
Surviving Corporation (the "Surviving By-Laws"), until duly amended as provided
in the Surviving By-Laws or by applicable law.

   Section 1.6 Directors of Surviving Corporation. The directors of Merger Sub
at the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the
directors of the Surviving Corporation until their successors have been duly
elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or
removal in accordance with the Surviving Charter and the Surviving By-Laws.

   Section 1.7 Officers of Surviving Corporation. The officers of the Company
shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and
qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance
with the Surviving Charter and the Surviving By-Laws.

                                   ARTICLE 2

                     EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK;
                           PAYMENT FOR COMPANY SHARES

   Section 2.1 Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, as a result of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any capital
stock of the Company:

     (a) Merger Consideration. Each share (each a "Company Share" and
  together the "Company Shares") of the common stock, without par value, of
  the Company (the "Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately
  prior to the Effective Time (other than Company Shares that are owned by
  the Parent, Merger Sub or any other Parent Subsidiary (as defined below) or
  Company Shares that are owned by the Company and in each case not held on
  behalf of third parties (collectively, "Excluded Company Shares")) shall be
  converted by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
  holder thereof into the right to receive and become exchangeable for $22.00
  in cash (the "Merger Consideration"), without interest thereon. The amount
  of the Merger Consideration shall be subject to adjustment as provided in
  Section 2.5.

     At the Effective Time, all Company Shares shall no longer be
  outstanding, shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
  each certificate (a "Certificate") formerly representing any Company

                                      A-2

  Shares (other than Excluded Company Shares) shall thereafter represent only
  the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

     (b) Cancellation of Shares. Each Excluded Company Share issued and
  outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the
  Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of such Excluded
  Company Share, no longer be outstanding, shall be canceled and retired
  without payment of any consideration therefor and shall cease to exist.

     (c) Merger Sub. At the Effective Time, each share of common stock, par
  value $.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately
  prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one validly issued,
  fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $.01 per
  share, of the Surviving Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation shall be
  a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.

   Section 2.2 Payment for Company Shares.

   (a) Prior to the Closing, Parent will cause Merger Sub to make available to
a bank or trust company designated by Parent (the "Paying Agent") sufficient
funds to make the payments pursuant to Section 2.1(a) hereof on a timely basis
to holders of Company Shares (other than Excluded Shares) that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (such amounts being
hereinafter referred to as the "Payment Fund"). The Paying Agent shall make the
payments provided for in the preceding sentence out of the Payment Fund. The
Payment Fund shall not be used for any other purpose, except as provided in
this Agreement.

   (b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the
Surviving Corporation shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each record
holder (other than holders of Excluded Shares), as of the Effective Time, of an
outstanding Certificate, a form of letter of transmittal (which shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates
shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates to the Paying Agent)
and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificate and
receiving payment therefor. Following surrender to the Paying Agent of a
Certificate, together with such letter of transmittal duly executed and such
other documents as may be reasonably required by the Paying Agent, the holder
of such Certificate shall be paid in exchange therefor cash in an amount
(subject to any applicable withholding tax as specified in Section 2.6) equal
to the product of the number of Company Shares represented by such Certificate
multiplied by the Merger Consideration, and each such Certificate shall
forthwith be canceled. No interest shall be paid or accrued on the cash payable
upon the surrender of the Certificates. If payment is to be made to a Person
other than the Person in whose name the Certificate surrendered is registered,
it shall be a condition of payment that the Certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and that the
Person requesting such payment (A) pay any transfer or other taxes required by
reason of the payment to a Person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered or (B) establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving
Corporation that such tax has been paid or is not applicable. From and after
the Effective Time and until surrendered in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 2.2, each Certificate (other than Certificates representing
Excluded Shares) shall represent for all purposes solely the right to receive,
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Merger Consideration in cash
multiplied by the number of Company Shares evidenced by such Certificate,
without any interest thereon.

   (c) If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to
be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation in
its reasonable judgment based on the financial wherewithal of the person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen, or destroyed, the posting by such
person of a bond in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect
to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will deliver in exchange for such
affidavit, the applicable Merger Consideration with respect to the Company
Shares formerly represented by such Certificate.

   (d) Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to the Paying
Agent to pay for Company Shares for which appraisal rights have been perfected
shall be returned to the Parent upon demand. Any portion

                                      A-3

of the Payment Fund (including the proceeds of any investments thereof) that
remains unclaimed by the former shareholders of the Company for six (6) months
after the Effective Time shall be repaid to the Surviving Corporation. Any
former shareholders of the Company who have not complied with Section 2.2
hereof prior to the end of such six (6) month period shall thereafter look only
to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned property, escheat or other
similar laws) but only as general creditors thereof for payment of their claim
for the Merger Consideration, without any interest thereon, upon due surrender
of the Certificates held by them. Neither Parent, the Surviving Corporation nor
the Paying Agent, shall be liable to any holder of Company Shares for any
monies delivered from the Payment Fund or otherwise to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. If any
Certificates shall not have been surrendered prior to two (2) years after the
Effective Time (or such earlier date as shall be immediately prior to the date
that such unclaimed funds would otherwise become subject to any abandoned
property, escheat or similar law) unclaimed funds payable with respect to such
certificates shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the
property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interest
of any person previously entitled thereto.

   (e) At the close of business on the day of the Effective Time, the stock
transfer books of the Company shall be closed. At and after the Effective Time,
there shall be no registration of transfers of Company Shares which were
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time on the stock transfer books
of the Surviving Corporation. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of
Company Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease
to have any rights with respect to such Shares except as otherwise provided in
this Agreement or by applicable Law. All cash paid upon the surrender of
Certificates in accordance with the terms of this Article II shall be deemed to
have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the Company
Shares previously represented by such Certificates. If, after the Effective
Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason,
they shall be canceled and exchanged for cash as provided in this Article II.

   Section 2.3 Treatment of Company Stock Options.

   (a) The Parent and the Company shall take such actions as are necessary to
provide that at the Effective Time each outstanding Company Stock Option (as
defined in Section 3.3(a)) (other than Company Stock Options held by a Person
listed in Section 2.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter) shall be assumed by the
Parent and adjusted in accordance with the terms thereof and this Agreement to
be exercisable to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock, as provided below.
Immediately following the date hereof, the Company shall cause each of the
Company Option Plans (as defined in Section 3.3(a)) to be amended in form and
substance satisfactory to Parent so that following the Effective Time, each
such Company Stock Option shall continue to have, and shall be subject to, the
same terms and conditions set forth in the Company Option Plans or any other
agreement pursuant to which such Company Stock Option was subject immediately
prior to the Effective Time, as the case may be, except that (i) each such
Company Stock Option shall be exercisable for that number of whole shares of
Parent Common Stock equal to the product of (x) the aggregate number of shares
of Company Common Stock for which such Company Stock Option was exercisable
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (y) the Option Exchange
Ratio (as defined below), rounded down to the nearest whole share, if
necessary, and (ii) the exercise price per share of such Company Stock Option
shall be equal to the aggregate exercise price of such Company Stock Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by the number of shares of
Parent Common Stock for which such Company Stock Option shall be exercisable as
determined in accordance with the preceding clause (i), rounded to the nearest
cent, if necessary. "Option Exchange Ratio" shall mean the quotient obtained by
dividing (i) the Merger Consideration by (ii) the closing price per share of
Parent Common Stock (as reported in The Wall Street Journal National Edition)
on the Closing Date. The Company also shall take all such actions that are
required to ensure that all restrictions or limitations on transfer and vesting
with respect to such Company Stock Options, shall remain in full force and
effect with respect to such options after giving effect to the Merger and the
assumption by Parent as set forth above. It is the intention of the parties
that, to the extent that any Company Stock Option referred to in this Section
2.3(a) constituted an incentive stock option immediately prior to the Effective
Time, such option

                                      A-4

continue to qualify as an incentive stock option to the maximum extent
permitted by section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), and that the assumption of the Company Stock Options provided by this
Section 2.3(a) satisfy the conditions of section 424(a) of the Code. The Parent
shall comply with the terms of the Company Option Plans with respect to such
Company Stock Options and ensure, to the extent required by, and subject to the
provisions of, such Company Option Plans, that such Company Stock Options that
qualified as incentive stock options prior to the Effective Time continue to
qualify as incentive stock options after the Effective Time.

   (b) On the Effective Date, each holder of a Company Stock Option that is
listed in Section 2.3 of the Company Disclosure Letter (each, a "Director
Option Holder") shall be entitled to receive, in full satisfaction of a Company
Stock Option held by such Director Option Holder, an amount in cash without
interest in respect thereof equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of
the Merger Consideration over the per share exercise or purchase price of such
Company Stock Option and (ii) the number of Company Shares subject to such
Company Stock Option, whether vested or unvested (such amount being hereinafter
referred to as the "Option Consideration"), and each such Company Stock Option
held by a Director Option Holder shall be canceled on the Effective Date. Such
payment shall be reduced by any income or employment tax withholding required
under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the
extent that amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Director Option
Holder. The Company's Non-Employee Director's Stock Option Plan shall terminate
as of the Effective Date. All administrative and other rights and authorities
granted under the Company's Non-Employee Director's Stock Option Plan to the
Company, the Board of Directors of the Company or any Committee or designee
thereof, shall, following the Effective Date, reside with the Surviving
Corporation.

   (c) The Company shall take all reasonable actions required to qualify for
the exemption contemplated by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act for (i) the
treatment of the Company Stock Options held by a Director Option Holder
contemplated in Section 2.3(b) and (ii) the assumption and adjustment referred
to in Section 2.3(a), including, if necessary or appropriate, obtaining the
approval of the Company's Board of Directors, of the type described in a
pertinent SEC no-action letter dated January 12, 1999.

   (d) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall deliver to the holders of
Company Stock Options appropriate notices (which notices shall be subject to
the approval of the Parent) setting forth such holder's rights after giving
effect to the Merger and the provisions set forth in this Section 2.3. As soon
as practicable following the Effective Time, the Parent shall deliver to the
holders of Company Stock Options appropriate notices setting forth such
holders' rights after giving effect to the Merger and the provisions set forth
in this Section 2.3. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall make such
amendments and take such other actions, if any, to the Company Option Plans as
shall be necessary to permit (i) the assumption and adjustment referred to in
Section 2.3(a) and (ii) the cash payment referred to in Section 2.3(b).

   Section 2.4 Dissenting Shares.

    (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Company
Shares that are held by any record holder who has not voted in favor of the
Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has demanded appraisal rights in
accordance with Section 7-113-102 of the CBCA (the "Dissenting Shares") shall
not be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration but shall
become the right to receive such consideration as may be determined to be due
in respect of such Dissenting Shares pursuant to the CBCA; provided, however,
that any holder of Dissenting Shares who shall have failed to perfect or shall
have withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal of such Dissenting Shares, in
each case under the CBCA, shall forfeit the right to appraisal of such
Dissenting Shares, and such Dissenting Shares shall be deemed to have been
converted into the right to receive, as of the Effective Time, the Merger
Consideration without interest. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 2.4, if the Merger is rescinded or abandoned, then
the right of any shareholder to be paid the fair value of such shareholder's
Dissenting Shares shall cease. The Surviving Corporation shall comply with all
of its obligations under the CBCA with respect to holders of Dissenting Shares.

                                      A-5

   (b) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any demands for
appraisal, and any withdrawals of such demands, received by the Company and any
other related instruments served pursuant to the CBCA, and received by the
Company and (ii) the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings
with respect to demands for appraisal under the CBCA. The Company shall not,
except with the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect
to any demands for appraisal or negotiate, offer to settle any such demands.

   Section 2.5 Adjustments to Prevent Dilution. In the event that prior to the
Effective Time there is a change in the number of Company Shares or securities
convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for Company Shares issued and
outstanding as a result of a distribution, reclassification, stock split
(including a reverse stock split), stock dividend or distribution or other
similar transaction, the Merger Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to
eliminate the effects of that event.

   Section 2.6 Withholding Rights. Each of the Surviving Corporation and Parent
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise payable
pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of a Certificate such amounts as it is
required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment
under the Code, or any provisions of Law (as defined in Section 3.5). To the
extent that amounts are so withheld by the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as
the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for purposes of this
agreement as having been paid to the holder of a Certificate in respect to
which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation or
Parent, as the case may be.

                                   ARTICLE 3

                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

   The Company represents and warrants to the Parent and Merger Sub that:

   Section 3.1 Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

   (a) The Company is duly organized and is validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization, as the case may be, and has the requisite power and authority and
all necessary governmental approvals to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Except as set forth
in Section 3.1(a) of the Disclosure Letter delivered to the Parent and Merger
Sub by the Company prior to the execution of this Agreement (the "Company
Disclosure Letter"), the Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business,
and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the
properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes
such qualification or licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so
qualified or licensed and in good standing that, individually or in the
aggregate, have not resulted and could not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect on the Company (as defined below). For purposes of
this Agreement, "Material Adverse Effect on the Company" means any change in or
effect on the business, assets, properties, results of operations, prospects or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company that is or could be
materially adverse to the Company or that could materially impair the ability
of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company has no subsidiaries and does not hold any ownership interest in any
person.

   Section 3.2 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws. The copies of the
Company's articles of incorporation and by-laws, each as amended through the
date of this Agreement (collectively, the "Company Charter Documents") that are
incorporated by reference in, as exhibits to, the Company's annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 are complete and correct copies
of those documents. The Company Charter Documents are in full force and effect.
The Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of its organizational
documents.

                                      A-6

   Section 3.3 Capitalization.

   (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 9,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock,
par value $.10 per share (the "Company Preferred Stock"). As of June 14, 2001,
(i) 3,266,705 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, all
of which were validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and not subject
to preemptive rights, (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or
outstanding and (iii) (A) 416,000 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved
for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock options (the "Company Stock
Options") granted pursuant to the Company's Amended and Restated 1994 Stock
Incentive Plan and Non-Employee Director's Stock Option Plan (collectively, the
"Company Option Plans") and (B) 107,000 shares of Company Common Stock were
reserved for issuance pursuant to options available for grant under the Company
Option Plans. Section 3.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a
complete and correct list as of June 14, 2001 of the holders of all Company
Stock Options, the number of shares subject to each such option, the vesting
schedule of any such option and the exercise price thereof. Except as set forth
above, as of June 14, 2001, no shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding and
since such date, no shares of capital stock or other voting securities or
options in respect thereof have been issued except upon the exercise of the
Company Stock Options outstanding on June 14, 2001.

   (b) Except for outstanding Company Stock Options, there are no options,
warrants, conversion rights, stock appreciation rights, redemption rights,
repurchase rights or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any character to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound
relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or obligating
the Company to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity
interests in, the Company. The Company does not have outstanding any bonds,
debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to
vote (or convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to
vote) with shareholders of the Company on any matter.

   (c) All shares of Company Common Stock subject to issuance, upon issuance
prior to the Effective Time on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments under which they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid, nonassessable and will not be subject to preemptive rights.
Except as set forth in Section 3.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there
are no outstanding contractual obligations of the Company to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of Company Common Stock or to effect the
registration of any shares of Company Common Stock or other Company securities
under the Securities Act (as defined in Section 3.6). Except as set forth in
Section 3.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter there are no outstanding
material contractual obligations of the Company to provide funds to, or make
any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in,
any person.

   (d) All unvested shares of Company Common Stock subject to outstanding
Company Stock Options vest immediately upon the Effective Time.

   Section 3.4 Authority.

   (a) The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement to perform its obligations hereunder and to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby to be
consummated by the Company. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of such transactions have been duly
and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate such transactions, other than, with respect to the
Merger, the approval of this Agreement by shareholders of the Company
representing a majority of the Company Common Stock entitled to vote hereon
(the "Requisite Company Vote"). This Agreement has been duly authorized and
validly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms.

                                      A-7

   (b) The Board of Directors of the Company (i) has unanimously adopted the
plan of merger set forth in this Agreement and approved this Agreement and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) has declared that
the Merger and this Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are advisable and recommended that the shareholders of the Company
adopt this Agreement.

   Section 3.5 No Conflict.

   (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not,
and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will not:

     (i) conflict with or violate any provision of any Company Charter
  Document;

     (ii) assuming that all consents, approvals, authorizations and other
  actions described in Section 3.5(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter
  have been obtained and all filings and obligations described in Section
  3.5(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter have been made, conflict with
  or violate any foreign or domestic law, statute, ordinance, rule,
  regulation, order, judgment or decree ("Law") applicable to the Company or
  by which any property or asset of the Company is or may be bound or
  affected; or

     (iii) except as set forth in Section 3.5(a)(iii) of the Company
  Disclosure Letter, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
  event which with or without notice or lapse of time or both would become a
  default) under, or modification in a manner adverse to the Company of any
  material right or benefit under or give to others any right of termination,
  amendment, acceleration, repayment or repurchase, increased payments or
  cancellation of or result in the creation of a Lien on any property or
  asset of the Company under any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
  agreement, commitment, lease, license, permit, franchise or other
  instrument or obligation (collectively, "Contracts") to which the Company
  is a party or by which its assets or properties is or may be bound or
  affected;

  except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for such consents,
  approvals, authorizations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which,
  individually or in the aggregate, have not resulted and could not
  reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the
  Company.

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.5(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
there are no Contracts to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
or any asset of the Company is bound, which by its terms limits in any material
respect the ability of the Company or, after consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, would by its terms limit in any material
respect the ability of the Parent or any of its affiliates, to engage in any
business in any area or for any period. None of the Company's officers,
directors or key employees is a party to any agreement which, by virtue of such
person's relationship with the Company, restricts in any material respect the
Company or any affiliate of the Company from, directly or indirectly, engaging
in any of the businesses in which it engages on the date hereof.

   Section 3.6 Governmental Required Filings and Consents. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the performance of this
Agreement by the Company will not, require any consent, approval, authorization
or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any domestic or foreign
national, federal, state, provincial or local governmental, regulatory or
administrative authority, agency, commission, court, tribunal or arbitral body
or self-regulated entity (each, a "Governmental Entity"), except (i) for those
consents or approvals set forth in Section 3.6 of the Company Disclosure Letter
(the "Company Governmental Consents"), (ii) for applicable requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act"), and the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, the "Securities Act"), (iii) applicable requirements of state
securities or "blue sky" laws ("Blue Sky Laws"), (iv) the pre-merger
notification requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, the "HSR Act"), and (v) for the filing of the Articles of Merger as
required by the CBCA.

                                      A-8

   Section 3.7 Permits; Compliance. The Company is in possession of all
franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances,
exceptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders of any Governmental
Entity necessary for the Company to own, lease and operate its properties or to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the "Company
Permits"), except for Company Permits which the failure to possess has not
resulted and could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company; and, as of the date of this Agreement, no suspension or
cancellation of any of the Company Permits is pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened. The Company is not in conflict with, or in default or
violation of, (i) any Law applicable to the Company (including, without
limitation, the FCRA) or by which any property or asset of the Company is or
may be bound or affected, (ii) any Company Permits, or (iii) any other Contract
to which the Company is a party or by which the Company or any property or
asset of the Company is bound or affected, except for conflicts, defaults or
violations which have not resulted and could not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

   Section 3.8 Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") Filings; Financial
Statements.

   (a) The Company has filed all forms, reports, proxy statements, registration
statements and other documents (including all exhibits, annexes, supplements
and amendments to such documents) required to be filed by it under the Exchange
Act and the Securities Act since December 31, 1996 (collectively, including any
such documents filed subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the "Company SEC
Reports") and the Company has made available to the Parent each Company SEC
Report filed with the SEC. The Company SEC Reports, including any financial
statements or schedules included or incorporated by reference, (i) comply with
the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities Act or both, as the case
may be, applicable to those Company SEC Reports and (ii) did not at the time
they were filed contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated or necessary in order to make the
statements made in those Company SEC Reports, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

   (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements included in or
incorporated by reference into the Company SEC Reports (including the related
notes and schedules) comply as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and with the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in the
case of the unaudited interim financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q
of the SEC) and fairly present in all material respects (subject, in the case
of the unaudited interim financial statements, to normal, year-end audit
adjustments) the consolidated financial position of the Company as at the dates
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended.

   (c) Except as and to the extent set forth on the consolidated financial
statements included in or incorporated by reference into the Company SEC
Reports (including the related notes and schedules) or in Section 3.8(c) of the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Company does not have any liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise)
that would be required to be reflected on a balance sheet or in the related
notes prepared in accordance with GAAP, except for liabilities or obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business since the date of the latest
financial statements included in the Company SEC Reports that, individually or
in the aggregate, have not resulted and could not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

   Section 3.9 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

   (a) Except as described in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
since December 31, 2000, the Company has conducted its businesses only in the
ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past practice and, since such
date, there has not occurred or arisen any change, effect, event or occurrence
that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

                                      A-9

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.9(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
since December 31, 2000, there has not been:

     (i) (A) any Contract entered into by the Company relating to any
  acquisition or disposition of any assets or business or (B) any
  modification, amendment, assignment or termination of or relinquishment by
  the Company of any rights under any other Contract (including any insurance
  policy naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payable payee) that does or
  could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
  Material Adverse Effect on the Company, other than transactions,
  commitments, contracts or agreements in the ordinary course of business
  consistent with past practice or those contemplated by this Agreement;

     (ii) any (A) grant of any severance or termination pay to any director,
  officer or employee of the Company; (B) entering into of any employment,
  deferred compensation, consulting or other similar agreement (or any
  amendment to any such existing agreement) with any director, officer or
  employee of or consultant to the Company; (C) increase in compensation,
  bonus or other benefits payable under any existing severance or termination
  pay policies or employment or consulting agreements; or (D) increase in
  compensation, bonus or other benefits payable to directors, officers or
  employees of or consultant to the Company who are not parties to employment
  or consulting agreements with the Company in effect prior to such date,
  other than, in the case of clauses (A) through (D), with respect to any
  directors, officers, consultants and employees that are not parties to
  employment or consulting agreements with the Company, in the ordinary
  course of business consistent with past practices or, in the case of
  clauses (A) through (D) with respect to any directors, officers,
  consultants or employees who are parties to employment or consulting
  agreements, in accordance with their respective employment or consulting
  agreements;

     (iii) any damage, destruction or other casualty loss with respect to any
  material asset or material property owned, leased or otherwise used by the
  Company, not covered by insurance;

     (iv) any change by the Company in its accounting methods, principles or
  practices;

     (v) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
  distribution in respect of Company Shares or any redemption, purchase or
  other acquisition of any of the Company's securities;

     (vi) any increase in the eligibility, compensation or benefits or
  establishment of any bonus, insurance, severance, deferred compensation,
  pension, retirement, profit sharing, stock option (including, the granting
  of stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards or
  restricted stock awards), stock purchase or other employee benefit plan, or
  any other increase in the compensation payable or to become payable to any
  executive officers of the Company except in the ordinary course of business
  consistent with past practice or except as required by applicable Law;

     (vii) (A) any incurrence or assumption by the Company of any
  indebtedness for borrowed money or (B) any guarantee, endorsement or other
  incurrence or assumption of material liability (whether directly,
  contingently or otherwise) by the Company for the obligations of any other
  person, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
  practice;

     (viii) any creation or assumption by the Company of any Lien on any
  material asset of the Company, other than in the ordinary course of
  business, consistent with past practice; or

     (ix) any making of any loan, advance or capital contribution to or
  investment in any person by the Company other than in the ordinary course
  of business, consistent with past practice.

   Section 3.10 Employee Benefit Plans.

   (a) Section 3.10(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true,
correct and complete list of each pension, retirement, savings, disability,
medical, dental, health, life, death benefit, group insurance, profit sharing,
deferred compensation, stock purchase, stock option, bonus, incentive,
employment, severance pay, or other employee benefit plan, trust, arrangement,
contract, commitment, agreement or policy, whether written or oral, contingent
or otherwise of the Company (collectively, "Company Benefit Plans"). Except as
set forth in

                                      A-10

Section 3.10(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, each Company Benefit
Plan (i) has been administered and is in compliance with the terms of such plan
and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and (ii) no "reportable event"
(as such term is used in Section 4043 of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (other than those events for which
the 30 day notice has been waived pursuant to the regulations), "prohibited
transaction" (as such term is used in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code) or "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term is used in Section
412 or 4971 of the Code) has heretofore occurred with respect to any Company
Benefit Plan or any of its affiliates and any trade or business which is or has
ever been under common control or which is or has ever been treated as a single
employer with any of them under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code (an
"ERISA Affiliate").

   (b) There is no litigation or administrative or other proceeding involving
any Company Benefit Plan nor has the Company received notice that any such
proceeding is threatened. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate of the
Company has any obligation or liability with respect to any Benefit Plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA, including, without limitation, any "multiemployer
plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA).

   (c) True, correct and complete copies of the following documents, with
respect to each of the Company Benefit Plans, have been made available or
delivered to Parent by the Company, to the extent applicable: (i) any plans,
all amendments thereto and related trust documents, and amendments thereto;
(ii) the most recent Form 5500 and all schedules thereto and the most recent
and accurate actuarial report, if any; (iii) the most recent IRS determination
letter; (iv) summary plan descriptions; (v) written communications to employees
relating to the Company Benefit Plans; and (vi) written descriptions of all
non-written agreements relating to the Company Benefit Plans.

   (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.10(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company Benefit Plans intended to qualify under Section 401 of the Code are
so qualified and the trusts maintained pursuant thereto are exempt from federal
income taxation under Section 501 of the Code, and nothing has occurred with
respect to the operation of the Company Benefit Plans which could cause the
loss of such qualification or exemption or the imposition of any liability,
penalty or tax under ERISA or the Code.

   (e) Except as set forth in Section 3.10(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter
and except as individually or in the aggregate do not result or could not
reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Company, all
contributions (including all employer contributions and employee salary
reduction contributions) required to have been made under any of the Company
Benefit Plans or by Law (without regard to any waivers granted under Section
412 of the Code), to any funds or trusts established thereunder or in
connection therewith have been made by the due date thereof (including any
valid extension), and all contributions for any period ending on or before the
Effective Time which are not yet due will have been paid or accrued on or prior
to the Effective Time.

   (f) None of the Company Benefit Plans provide for post-employment life or
health insurance, benefits or coverage for any participant or any beneficiary
of a participant, except as may be required under the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended ("COBRA") and at the expense of
the participant or the participant's beneficiary. Except as set forth in
Section 3.10(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter and except as individually or
in the aggregate do not result or could not reasonably be expected to result in
a material liability to the Company, each of the Company and any ERISA
Affiliate which maintains a "group health plan" within the meaning Section
5000(b)(1) of the Code has complied with the notice and continuation
requirements of Section 4980B of the Code, COBRA, Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title
I of ERISA and the regulations thereunder.

   (g) Except as set forth in Section 3.10(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any payment becoming
due to any employee (current, former or retired) of the Company, (ii) increase
any benefits otherwise payable under any Company Benefit Plan or (iii) result
in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefits
under any such plan.

                                      A-11

   (h) Except as set forth in Section 3.10(h) of the Company Disclosure Letter
there is no contract, plan or arrangement (written or otherwise) covering any
employee or former employee of the Company or any Subsidiary that, individually
or collectively, will give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be
deductible by the Company by reason of Section 280G or Section 162(m) of the
Code.

   Section 3.11 [Reserved.]

   Section 3.12 Litigation. Except as described in Section 3.12 of the Company
Disclosure Letter or in any Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof,
there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or investigation (collectively,
"Claims") pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened or
contemplated against the Company before any Governmental Entity nor are there
any investigations or reviews by any Governmental Entity pending or, to the
Company's knowledge threatened or contemplated against, relating to or
affecting the Company, that, if adversely determined, individually or in the
aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company is not subject to any outstanding
order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental Entity which,
individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

   Section 3.13 Environmental Matters. Except as disclosed on Section 3.13 of
the Company Disclosure Letter or in any Company SEC Reports filed prior to the
date hereof, and except, individually or in the aggregate, as could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company:

     (a) The Company is not and has not been in violation of any applicable
  Safety and Environmental Law (as defined below);

     (b) The Company has all Company Permits required pursuant to Safety and
  Environmental Laws that are material to the conduct of the business of the
  Company, all such Permits are in full force and effect, no action or
  proceeding to revoke, limit or modify any of such Permits is pending, and
  the Company is in compliance with all terms and conditions thereof;

     (c) The Company has not received, and does not expect to receive, due to
  the consummation of the Agreement, any Environmental Claim (as defined
  below);

     (d) To the Company's knowledge, there is not now and has not been at any
  time in the past a Release (as defined below) or threatened Release of
  Hazardous Substances (as defined below) into the Environment (as defined
  below) for which the Company may be directly or indirectly responsible; and

     (e) To the Company's knowledge, there is not now and has not been at any
  time in the past at, on or in any of the real properties owned, leased or
  operated by the Company, and, to the Company's knowledge, was not at, on or
  in any real property previously owned, leased or operated by the Company or
  any predecessor: (i) any generation, use, handling, Release, treatment,
  recycling, storage or disposal of any Hazardous Substances, (ii) any
  underground storage tank, surface impoundment, lagoon or other containment
  facility (past or present) for the temporary or permanent storage,
  treatment or disposal of Hazardous Substances, (iii) any asbestos-
  containing material in a condition requiring abatement, (iv) any Release or
  threatened Release, or any visible signs of Releases or threatened
  Releases, of a Hazardous Substance to the Environment in form or quantity
  requiring remedial action under Safety and Environmental Laws, or (v) any
  Hazardous Substances present at such property, excepting such quantities
  as are handled in accordance with all applicable manufacturer's
  instructions and Safety and Environmental Laws and in proper storage
  containers, and as are necessary for the operations of the Company.

   For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following
meanings:

     (a) "Environment" means navigable waters, waters of the contiguous zone,
  ocean waters, natural resources, surface waters, ground water, drinking
  water supply, land surface, subsurface strata, ambient air, both inside and
  outside of buildings and structures, man-made buildings and structures, and
  plant and animal life on earth.

                                      A-12

     (b) "Environmental Claims" means any notification, whether direct or
  indirect, formal or informal, written or oral, pursuant to Safety and
  Environmental Laws or principles of common law relating to pollution,
  protection of the Environment or health and safety, at any of the current
  or past operations of any of the Parent, any Parent Subsidiary, or the
  Company, as the case may be.

     (c) "Hazardous Substance" means any toxic waste, pollutant, hazardous
  substance, toxic substance, hazardous waste, special waste, industrial
  substance or waste, petroleum or petroleum-derived substance or waste,
  radioactive substance or waste, or any constituent of any such substance or
  waste, or any other substance regulated under or defined by any Safety and
  Environmental Law.

     (d) "Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping,
  injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration
  into or through the indoor or outdoor Environment or into, through or out
  of any property, including the movement of Hazardous Substances through or
  in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or property.

     (e) "Safety and Environmental Laws" means all federal, state and local
  Laws and Orders relating to pollution, protection of the Environment,
  public or worker health and safety, or the emission, discharge, release or
  threatened release of pollutants, contaminants or industrial, toxic or
  hazardous substances or wastes into the Environment or otherwise relating
  to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,
  disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants or industrial,
  toxic or hazardous substances or wastes, including, without limitation, the
  Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42
  U.S.C. (S) 9601 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42
  U.S.C. (S) 6901 et seq., the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. (S)
  2601 et seq., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. (S) 1251
  et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. (S) 7401 et seq., the Federal
  Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. (S) 121 et seq., the
  Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. (S) 651 et seq., the Asbestos
  Hazard Emergency Response Act, 15 U.S.C. (S) 2601 et seq., the Safe
  Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. (S) 300f et seq., the Oil Pollution Act of
  1990 and analogous state acts.

   Section 3.14 Intellectual Property.

   (a) (i) Section 3.14(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth all
domestic and foreign patents and patent applications, trademark and service
mark registrations and applications, Internet domain name registrations and
applications, copyright registrations and applications, and all other material
Intellectual Property (as defined below) owned by the Company, specifying as to
each item, as applicable: (A) the nature of the item, including the title; (B)
the owner of the item; (C) the jurisdictions in which the item is issued or
registered or in which an application for issuance or registration has been
filed; and (D) the issuance, registration or application numbers and dates.

      (ii) Section 3.14(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, and
the Company has heretofore made available to the Parent correct and complete
copies of, all licenses, sublicenses, and other agreements or permissions ("IP
Licenses") under which the Company is a (x) licensor or (y) licensee or
otherwise is authorized to use or practice any Intellectual Property. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Intellectual Property" means all of the following
as they exist in all jurisdictions throughout the world, in each case, to the
extent owned by, licensed to, or otherwise used by the Company: (A) patents,
patent applications, and other patent rights (including any divisions,
continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions, or reissues thereof,
whether or not patents are issued on any such applications and whether or not
any such applications are modified, withdrawn, or resubmitted); (B) trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, trade names, brand names, Internet domain names,
designs, logos, or corporate names, whether registered or unregistered, and all
registrations and applications for registration thereof; (C) copyrights,
including all renewals and extensions, copyright registrations and applications
for registration, and non-registered copyrights; (D) trade secrets, concepts,
ideas, designs, research, processes, procedures, techniques, methods, know-how,
data, mask works, discoveries, inventions, modifications, extensions,
improvements, and other proprietary rights or information (whether or not
patentable or subject to copyright, mask work, or trade secret protection)
(collectively, "Technology"); and

                                      A-13

(E) computer software programs, including all source code, object code, and
documentation related thereto (the "Software").

   (b) The Company owns or otherwise possess legally enforceable rights to use,
sell, license and sublicense, free and clear of any and all Liens or material
restrictions, any and all Intellectual Property that is material to its
business and operations.

   (c) All of the Company's material Intellectual Property rights are valid and
enforceable. The Company has not infringed upon or otherwise violated the
intellectual property rights of any third party or received any Claim alleging
any such infringement or other violation. The Company has not, during the five
years preceding the date hereof, been a party to any Claim, nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, is any Claim threatened or is there any valid ground
for a Claim that challenges the validity, enforceability, ownership, or the
Company's right to use, sell, and license any Intellectual Property that is
material to the Company's business and operations. No third party is infringing
in any material respect upon any Intellectual Property material to its business
and operations.

   (d) The Company has taken all necessary and desirable actions to maintain
and protect each item of Intellectual Property owned by the Company that is
material to the Company's business and operations.

   (e) The Company has taken all reasonable precautions to protect the secrecy,
confidentiality, and value of their trade secrets and the proprietary nature
and value of the Technology and the Software that is material to the Company's
business and operations.

   (f) All material Software used, sold, or licensed by the Company is free
from any material software defect, performs in all material respects in
conformance with its documentation, and does not contain any bugs or viruses or
any code or mechanism that could be used to materially interfere with its
operation.

   (g) Except as set forth in Section 3.14(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company is not, nor, as a result of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, will be,
in material violation of any agreement relating to any Intellectual Property
material to the Company's business and operations. Except as set forth in
Section 3.14(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter, after the completion of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company will continue to own
all right, title, and interest in and to or have a license to use all
Intellectual Property (including all Software) on identical terms and
conditions as the Company enjoyed immediately prior to such transactions.

   (h) Except as set forth in Section 3.14(h) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
each present or past employee, officer, consultant or any other person who
developed any part of any Company product or any Intellectual Property that is
or will be made, used or sold by the Company has executed a valid and
enforceable agreement with the Company that (i) conveys any and all right,
title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property developed by such person
in connection with such person's employment or contract to the Company, (ii)
requires such person, during and after the term of employment or contract, to
cooperate with the Company in the prosecution of any patent applications filed
in connection with such Intellectual Property, (iii) to the extent such person
is an author of a copyrighted work created in connection with such person's
employment or contract, such work is a "work made for hire," as set forth in 17
U.S.C. (S) 101, (iv) establishes a covenant by such person that no process,
technique, innovation or other work product provided to the Company is derived
from or otherwise the proprietary information of a prior employer or
contractor, in contravention of any prior confidentiality agreement, and (v)
obligates the employee or contractor to keep any Company confidential
information, including Trade Secrets, confidential both during and after the
term of employment or contract. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.14 (h), no
such employee, consultant or other person has excluded works or inventions made
prior to his employment with or work for the Company from his assignment of
inventions pursuant to such proprietary invention agreements.

   (i) Set forth in Section 3.14(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter is a true
and complete list of each of the employees of the Company and any other persons
who were primarily involved in the development of the material Intellectual
Property of the Company.

                                      A-14

   Section 3.15 Taxes.

   (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
all federal, state, county, local, foreign and other taxes (including, without
limitation, income, profits, premium, estimated, excise, sales, use, occupancy,
gross receipts, franchise, ad valorem, severance, capital levy, production,
transfer, withholding, employment, unemployment compensation, payroll related
and property taxes, import duties and other governmental charges and
assessments), whether or not measured in whole or in part by net income, and
including deficiencies, interest, additions to tax or interest, and penalties
with respect thereto (including amounts required to be paid respect to taxes as
a result of any tax sharing agreement or similar arrangement described in
paragraph (d) of this Section 3.15) (hereinafter "Taxes" or, individually, a
"Tax") have been timely paid, and any Taxes required to be paid by or with
respect to the Company after the date hereof and on or before the Effective
Time shall be timely paid.

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
all returns and reports required to be filed by or with respect to the Company
with respect to Taxes (hereinafter "Tax Returns" or, individually, a "Tax
Return") on or before the date hereof have been timely filed. All Tax Returns
required to be filed by or with respect to the Company after the date hereof
and on or before the Effective Time shall be prepared and timely filed, in a
manner consistent with prior years and all applicable laws and regulations. All
such Tax Returns and amendments thereto are, or with respect to Tax Returns not
yet due, will be true, complete and correct in all respects. No penalties or
other charges are or will become due with respect to the late filing of any Tax
Return of the Company or payment of any Tax of the Company, required to be
filed or paid on or before the Effective Time. Prior to the date hereof, the
Company has provided to the Parent all revenue agents' reports and other
written assertions of deficiencies or other liabilities for Taxes of the
Company with respect to past periods for which the applicable statute of
limitations has not expired. The Company will provide to the Parent copies of
any such reports or written assertions received after the date hereof within
ten (10) days of their first being received by it.

   (c) With respect to all Tax Returns filed by or with respect to the Company,
except as set forth in Section 3.15(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter: (A) to
the best of the Company's knowledge the statute of limitations for the
assessment of corporate income taxes has expired for all years prior to 1998,
and there are no outstanding waivers extending the statutory period of
limitations relating to the assessment or payment of Taxes due from the Company
for any taxable period ending prior to the date hereof which are expected to be
outstanding as of the date hereof; (B) no audit or other investigation for the
collection of Taxes is in progress, the Company has not been notified that any
audit will commence with respect to Taxes due from the Company, and no
extension of time has been executed with respect to any date on which any Tax
Return was or is to be filed; and (C) there is no deficiency or adjustment for
any Taxes proposed or threatened in writing against the Company.

   (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company has not been and is not a party to any tax sharing agreement or
similar arrangement with any person.

   (e) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company, (i) is not now and has never been a member of any consolidated,
combined or unitary group, other than a group of which the Company is the
common parent, for purposes of filing Tax Returns or paying Taxes, or (ii)
other than as a result of being a member of a consolidated, combined or unitary
group of which the Company is the common parent, is not liable for the Taxes of
any other person, under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of foreign, state or local law) or as a transferee, successor or
otherwise.

   (f) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(f) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
no "consent" within the meaning of Section 341(f) of the Code has been filed
with respect to the Company.

   (g) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(g) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
the Company (a) has not agreed to and is not required to make any adjustment
pursuant to Section 481 of the Code (or any predecessor

                                      A-15

provision of other laws or regulations) by reason of a change in accounting
method or otherwise, (b) does not have knowledge that any taxing authority has
proposed any such adjustment or change, which proposal is currently pending,
and (c) does not have an application pending with any taxing authority
requesting permission for any change in accounting methods that relates to its
business and operations.

   (h) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(h) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
no property of the Company is required to be treated as owned by any person
(other than the Company) pursuant to Section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1954 (as in effect prior to its amendment by the Tax Reform Act of
1986) or is "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning of Section 168 of the
Code.

   (i) There are no Tax rulings, request for rulings, or closing agreements
relating to the Company which could affect their liability for Taxes for any
period after the Closing Date.

   (j) No Taxes are delinquent or constitute a lien against the Company, except
for the current year's ad valorem Taxes not yet due and payable, and except
with respect to Taxes being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
(all of which are disclosed on Section 3.15(j) of the Company Disclosure
Letter) and for payment of which Taxes adequate reserves have been established.

   (k) The Company is not a party to any contract, agreement, plan, or
arrangement that, individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment
of any amount that would not be deductible by the Company by reason of Section
280G of the Code.

   (l) The Company does not own any "corporate acquisition indebtedness" within
the meaning of Section 279 of the Code.

   Section 3.16 Material Contracts.

   (a) The Company has heretofore made available to the Parent correct and
complete copies of all Contracts (and all amendments, modifications and
supplements thereto and all side letters to which the Company is a party
affecting the obligations of any party thereunder) to which the Company is a
party or by which any of its properties or assets are bound that are material
to the business, properties or assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole, including, without limitation, all: (i) partnership or joint
venture agreements; (ii) Contracts for the acquisition, sale or lease of
material properties or assets of the Company (by merger, purchase or sale of
assets or stock or otherwise) entered into since December 31, 1997; (iii)
Contracts with any Governmental Entity other than those entered into in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (iv) loan or credit
agreements, mortgages, indentures or other agreements or instruments evidencing
indebtedness of the Company for borrowed money or evidencing indebtedness of
any Person to the Company or any such Contracts pursuant to which indebtedness
for borrowed money may be incurred; (v) Contracts that purport to limit,
curtail or restrict in any material respect the ability of the Company to
compete in any geographic area or line of business other than those entered
into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (vi)
Contracts that would be required to be filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed
by the Company with the SEC on the date hereof; (vii) Contracts with customers
that generated revenues in excess of $100,000 during the 12 month period ended
December 31, 2000; and (viii) commitments and agreements to enter into any of
the foregoing (collectively, the "Material Contracts").

   (b) Each of the Material Contracts constitutes the valid and legally binding
obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar Laws of general
applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights or by general equity
principles), and is in full force and effect. There is no default under any
Material Contract by the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, by any other
party thereto, and, to the Company's knowledge, no event has occurred that with
the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute a default
thereunder by the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, any other party.

   Section 3.17 Certain Agreements. Except as set forth in Section 3.17 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Company is not a party to any oral or written
(i) agreement with any executive officer or other key

                                      A-16

employee of the Company the benefits of which are contingent, or the terms of
which are materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction involving
the Company of the nature contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) Company
Benefit Plan, any of the benefits of which will be increased, or the vesting of
the benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the value of any of the benefits
of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 3.18 Real Property. The Company SEC Reports describe all real
property owned by the Company. Except as set forth in Section 3.18 of the
Company Disclosure Letter, the Company is the owner of fee title to the real
property described in the Company SEC Reports as being owned by the Company and
to all of the buildings, structures and other improvements located thereon free
and clear of any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, security interest,
claim, lease, charge, option, right of first refusal, easement, restrictive
covenant, encroachment or other survey defect, encumbrance or other restriction
or limitation except for any of the foregoing which, individually or in the
aggregate, do not and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has made available correct and
complete copies of all leases, subleases and other agreements (including all
amendments, modifications and supplements thereto and all side letters to which
the Company is a party affecting the obligations of any party thereunder) (the
"Company Real Property Leases") under which the Company uses or occupies or has
the right to use or occupy, now or in the future, any real property. Each
Company Real Property Lease constitutes the valid and legally binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in
full force and effect. All material amounts payable by the Company as tenants
under each Company Real Property Lease are current, no termination event or
condition or uncured default of a material nature on the part of the Company
or, to the Company's knowledge, the landlord, exists under any Company Real
Property Lease. The Company has a good and valid leasehold interest in each
parcel of real property leased by it free and clear of all Liens, except (i)
Taxes and general and special assessments not in default and payable without
penalty and interest, and (ii) other Liens which do not materially interfere
with the Company's use and enjoyment of such real property or materially
detract from or diminish the value thereof.

   Section 3.19 Labor Matters.

   (a) Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a list of all
employment agreements currently in effect providing for annual base salary and
guaranteed bonus in excess of $50,000 or which extend for more than one year
after the Effective Time and any labor or collective bargaining agreements to
which the Company is a party. The Company has heretofore made available to
Parent true and complete copies of (i) the employment agreements listed on
Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Letter and (ii) the labor or collective
bargaining agreements listed on Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
together with all amendments, modifications, supplements and side letters,
whether written or oral, affecting the duties, rights and obligations of any
party thereunder.

   (b) The Company is not the subject of any suit, action or proceeding which
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, asserting that the
Company has committed an unfair labor practice (within the meaning of the
National Labor Relations Act or applicable state statues) or seeking to compel
the Company to bargain with any labor organization as to wages and conditions
of employment, in any such case, that is reasonably expected to result in a
material liability of the Company. No strike or other labor dispute involving
the Company is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, and, to
the knowledge of the Company, there is no activity involving any employees of
the Company seeking to certify a collective bargaining unit or engaging in any
other organizational activity, except for such dispute or activity which,
individually or in the aggregate, has not had or could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

   Section 3.20 Insurance.

   (a) The Company has obtained insurance for risks and in amounts that are
customary for the industries in which such persons conduct business. The
Company has heretofore made available to the Parent complete and

                                      A-17

correct copies of all such insurance policies and binders. Except as set forth
in Section 3.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter and except, individually or
in the aggregate, as does not and could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, with respect to each such insurance
policy: (A) to the best of the Company's knowledge, such policy is legal,
valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms and, except for
policies that have expired under their terms in the ordinary course, is in full
force and effect; (B) the Company is not in breach or default (including any
breach or default with respect to the payment of premiums or the giving of
notice), and no event has occurred which, with notice or the lapse of time,
would constitute such a breach or default or permit termination or
modification, under such policy; (C) all premiums charged for such policy have
been paid when payment has become due and payable thereunder and, there are no
unfunded or unpaid premiums, loss costs or retentions outstanding; (D) all
liabilities with respect to such policy are fully and adequately reflected in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis on the Company's financial
statements as of the respective dates thereof; (E) no party to such policy has
repudiated, or given notice of an intent to repudiate, any provision thereof
and (F) to the knowledge of the Company, no insurer on such policy has been
declared insolvent or placed into receivership, conservatorship or liquidation
or currently has a rating of "B+" or below from A.M. Best & Co. or a claims
paying ability rating of "BBB" or below from Standard & Poors, Inc.

   (b) Except as does not and could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, at no time subsequent to January 1,
1998 has the Company (i) been denied any material insurance or indemnity bond
coverage which it has requested, (ii) made any material reduction in the scope
or amount of its insurance coverage, or, except as set forth in Section 3.20(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, received written notice from any of its
insurance carriers that any insurance premiums will be subject to increase in
an amount materially disproportionate to the amount of the increases with
respect thereto (or with respect to similar insurance) in prior years or that
any insurance coverage currently held by the Company will not be available in
the future substantially on the same terms as are now in effect or (iii)
suffered any extraordinary increase in premium for renewed coverage.

   Section 3.21 Customers. Except as set forth in Section 3.21 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, the relationships of the Company with the customers to the
Contracts described in Section 3.16(a)(vii) of this Agreement are good
commercial working relationships and, except as set forth in Section 3.21 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, no such customer within the last twelve months
has terminated or threatened in writing to cancel or otherwise terminate the
relationship of such person with the Company.

   Section 3.22 Investment Company Act. The Company is not an "investment
company," or a company "controlled" by, or an "affiliated company" with respect
to, an "investment company," within the meaning of the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act").

   Section 3.23 Opinion of Financial Advisor. Lehman Brothers Inc. (the
"Company Financial Advisor") has delivered to the Board of Directors of the
Company its oral opinion to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement,
the Merger Consideration to be received by the Company's shareholders is fair
to the Company's shareholders from a financial point of view, which opinion was
or will promptly after the date of this Agreement be confirmed in writing and
accompanied by an authorization to include a copy of that opinion in the Proxy
Materials (as defined in Section 5.4(a)). The Company has delivered or will,
promptly after receipt of such written opinion, deliver a signed copy of that
written opinion to the Parent.

   Section 3.24 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker, other than the
Company Financial Advisor, is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or other fee
or commission in connection with the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
the Company. Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has made
available to the Parent a complete and correct copy of all agreements between
the Company and the Company Financial Advisor under which the Company Financial
Advisor would be entitled to any payment relating to the Merger or any other
transaction.

                                      A-18

   Section 3.25 Certain Statutes. No "fair price," "moratorium," "control share
acquisition" or other similar state or federal anti-takeover statute or
regulation (each a "Takeover Statute") is, as of the date of this Agreement,
applicable to the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

   Section 3.26 Information. None of the information to be supplied by the
Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement (as
defined in Section 5.4(a)) at the time of the mailing of the Proxy Statement
and any amendments or supplements of the Proxy Statement and at the time of the
Company Shareholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated in that Proxy
Statement or necessary in order to make the statements in that Proxy Statement,
in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement (except for those portions of the Proxy Statement that relate
only to Parent or subsidiaries or affiliates of the Parent) will comply as to
form in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act.

   Section 3.27 Vote Required. The Requisite Company Vote is the only vote of
the holders of any class or series of the Company's capital stock necessary
(under the Company Charter Documents, the CBCA, other applicable Law or
otherwise) to approve this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 3.28 Consumer Reporting Agency Laws. Except as set forth in Section
3.28 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company is currently, and has been
at all times, in full compliance in all material respects with the Fair Credit
Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. (S) 1681 et. seq., as amended (the "FCRA") and any and
all other applicable federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations
(collectively, "Consumer Reporting Agency Laws") which govern the assembly,
sale, resale, distribution, reinvestigation, and correction of "consumer
report" information by a "consumer reporting agency," as those terms are
defined in the FCRA. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
except as set forth in Section 3.28 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
Company is current in all material respects with respect to: (i) the receipt of
all certifications of compliance required from "resellers" and "end users" for
consumer reports furnished or to be furnished to them by the Company; (ii) the
timely delivery to end users and consumers, as and when required by the FCRA,
of summaries of consumers' rights under the FCRA, in the form prescribed by the
Federal Trade Commission; and (iii) all requests by consumers for disclosure,
reinvestigation, and/or correction by the Company of such consumers'
information in the files of the Company. In addition, the Company represents
that it has obtained executed User Agreements from all current and past
customers to whom the Company has provided any consumer report information.
Except as disclosed in Section 3.28 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are
no actions or proceedings pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened
alleging failure by the Company to comply with any Consumer Reporting Agency
Laws. Except as disclosed in Section 3.28 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
Company is not aware of any material noncompliance by any customer of the
Company with the User Agreement between such customer and the Company or with
the customer's obligations to: (x) obtain prior written authorization from
consumers for the Company to furnish consumer reports to the customer; (y)
deliver prior and subsequent notice to consumers of an "adverse action" by the
customer based in whole or in part on a consumer report furnished by the
Company, together with a summary of the consumer's rights in the form
prescribed by the Federal Trade Commission; or (z) use reports furnished by the
Company solely for the "permissible purpose" authorized by the customer's User
Agreement with the Company. All terms in quotation marks appearing in this
Section 3.28 shall have the same meaning given to them in the FCRA.

                                   ARTICLE 4

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                          OF THE PARENT AND MERGER SUB

   Each of the Parent and Merger Sub represents and warrants to the Company
that:

     Section 4.1 Organization and Qualification. Each of the Parent and
  Merger Sub has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good
  standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its

                                      A-19

  incorporation and has the requisite power and authority and all necessary
  governmental approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and to
  carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Each of the Parent and
  Merger Sub is duly qualified or licensed to do business, and is in good
  standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned,
  leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes such
  qualification or licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so
  qualified or licensed and in good standing that, individually or in the
  aggregate, have not resulted and could not reasonably be expected to result
  in a Material Adverse Effect on the Parent. For purposes of this Agreement,
  "Material Adverse Effect on the Parent" means any change in or effect on
  the business, assets, properties, results of operations, prospects or
  condition (financial or otherwise) of the Parent or any significant
  subsidiary (as defined in Section 8.1) of the Parent (collectively, the
  "Parent Subsidiaries") that is or could be materially adverse to the Parent
  and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that could materially
  impair the ability of the Parent or Merger Sub to perform its obligations
  under this Agreement or to consummate transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 4.2 Capitalization of Merger Sub. The authorized capital stock
  of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per
  share ("Sub Common Stock"). All of the issued and outstanding shares of Sub
  Common Stock are (A) owned by the Parent or another Parent Subsidiary
  wholly owned by the Parent and (B) duly authorized, validly issued, fully
  paid and nonassessable.

     Section 4.3 Authority. Each of the Parent and Merger Sub has all
  necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
  Agreement to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the
  transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated by it. The execution and
  delivery of this Agreement by each of the Parent and Merger Sub and the
  consummation by each of the Parent and Merger Sub of such transactions have
  been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no
  other corporate proceedings on the part of the Parent or Merger Sub are
  necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate such transactions.
  This Agreement has been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered
  by each of the Parent and Merger Sub and constitutes the legal, valid and
  binding obligation of each of the Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable
  against each of the Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms.

     Section 4.4 No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
  the Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the performance of this Agreement by
  each of the Parent and Merger Sub will not:

       (a) conflict with or violate any provision of any Parent Charter
    Document or any equivalent organizational documents of Merger Sub;

       (b) assuming that all consents, approvals, authorizations and other
    actions described in Section 4.4(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter
    have been obtained and all filings and obligations described in
    Section 4.4(b) of the Parent Disclosure Letter have been made, conflict
    with or violate any foreign or domestic Law applicable to the Parent or
    Merger Sub or by which any property or asset of the Parent or Merger
    Sub is or may be bound or affected; or

       (c) except as set forth in Section 4.4(c) of the Parent Disclosure
    Letter, result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event
    which with or without notice or lapse of time or both would become a
    default) under, or modification in a manner adverse to the Parent and
    the Merger Sub of any material right or benefit under or give to others
    any right of termination, amendment, acceleration, repayment or
    repurchase, increased payments or cancellation of, or result in the
    creation of a lien or other encumbrance on any property or asset of the
    Parent or Merger Sub under any Contract to which the Parent or Merger
    Sub is a party or by which any of them or their assets or Properties is
    or may be bound or affected,

  except, in the case of clauses (b) and (c), for such consents, approvals,
  authorizations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which, individually
  or in the aggregate, have not resulted and could not reasonably be expected
  to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Parent.

                                      A-20

   Section 4.5 Governmental Required Filings and Consents. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Parent and Merger Sub do not, and the
performance of this Agreement by the Parent and Merger Sub will not, require
any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or
notification to, any Government Entity except for (i) those consents or
approvals set forth in Section 4.5 of the Parent Disclosure Letter (the "Parent
Governmental Consents"), (ii) applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and
the Securities Act, (iii) applicable requirements of Blue Sky Laws, (iv) the
rules and regulations of the NYSE and the pre-merger notification requirements
of the HSR Act, and (v) the filing of the Articles of Merger as required by the
CBCA.

   Section 4.6 Brokers. Except as set forth in Section 4.6 of the Parent
Disclosure Letter, no broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any
brokerage, finder's or other fee or commission in connection with the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made by or
on behalf of the Parent or Merger Sub.

   Section 4.7 Information. None of the information to be supplied by the
Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy
Statement will, at the time of the mailing of the Proxy Statement and any
amendments or supplements thereto and at the time of the Company Shareholders
Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated in that Proxy Statement or necessary in
order to make the statements in that Proxy Statement, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement
(except for such portions thereof that relate only to the Company or affiliates
of the Company) will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, respectively.

   Section 4.8 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of the Merger Sub, by
resolutions duly adopted at a meeting duly called and held or by unanimous
written consent in lieu of a meeting, has approved this Agreement, the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

   Section 4.9 Vote Required. No vote of the holders of any class or series of
the Parent's capital stock is necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the
transactions contemplated hereby.

   Section 4.10 Interim Operations of Merger Sub. Merger Sub was formed solely
for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and has not engaged in any business activities or conducted any operations
other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 5

                                   COVENANTS

   Section 5.1 Conduct of Business of the Company. Except as contemplated by
this Agreement or with the prior written consent of the Parent, during the
period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company will
conduct its operations and business only in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no
less diligence and effort than would be applied in the absence of this
Agreement, preserve intact its business organization's goodwill, keep available
the services of its officers and key employees, and preserve the goodwill and
business relationships with suppliers, facilities providers, customers and
others having business relationships with it, with the intent that such
goodwill and ongoing business relationships shall be unimpaired in all material
respects at the Effective Time. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, and except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or disclosed
in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, prior to the Effective Time,
the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Parent:

     (a) adopt any amendment to the Company Charter Documents;

     (b) issue, reissue or sell, or authorize the issuance, reissuance or
  sale of (i) additional shares of capital stock of any class, or securities
  convertible into capital stock of any class, or any rights, warrants or
  options to acquire any convertible securities or capital stock, other than
  the issue of Company Shares, in

                                      A-21

  accordance with the terms of the instruments governing such issuance on the
  date hereof, pursuant to the exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding
  on the date hereof, or (ii) any other securities in respect of, in lieu of,
  or in substitution for, Company Shares outstanding on the date hereof;

     (c) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution
  (whether in cash, securities or property or any combination thereof) in
  respect of any class or series of its capital stock;

     (d) split, combine, subdivide, reclassify or redeem, purchase or
  otherwise acquire, or propose to redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire,
  any shares of its capital stock, or any of its other securities;

     (e) except for (i) increases in salary, wages and benefits of officers
  or employees of the Company in the ordinary course of business and in
  accordance with past practice, (ii) increases in salary, wages and benefits
  granted to officers and employees of the Company in conjunction with new
  hires, promotions or other changes in job status in the ordinary course of
  business and consistent with past practices, increase or promise to
  increase the compensation or fringe benefits payable or to become payable
  to its directors, officers or employees (whether from the Company or
  otherwise), or pay any benefit not required by any existing plan or
  arrangement (including the granting of stock options, stock appreciation
  rights, shares of restricted stock or performance units) or grant any
  severance or termination pay to (except pursuant to existing agreements,
  plans or policies), or enter into any employment or severance agreement
  with, any director, officer or other employee of the Company or establish,
  adopt, enter into, amend or terminate any collective bargaining, bonus,
  profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted stock,
  pension, retirement, savings, welfare, deferred compensation, employment,
  termination, severance or other employee benefit plan, agreement, trust,
  fund, policy or arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any directors,
  officers or current or former employees, except in each case to the extent
  required by applicable Law;

     (f) acquire, sell, lease, license, transfer, pledge, encumber, grant or
  dispose of (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase, sale or otherwise)
  any assets (other than the acquisition and sale of inventory or the
  disposition of used or excess equipment and the purchase of supplies and
  equipment, in either case in the ordinary course of business consistent
  with past practice), with a value in excess of $50,000 or enter into any
  commitment or transaction outside the ordinary course of business;

     (g) (i) incur, assume or prepay any indebtedness or incur or assume any
  short-term indebtedness (including, in either case, by issuance of debt
  securities), except that the Company may incur, assume or prepay
  indebtedness in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
  practice under existing lines of credit, (ii) assume, guarantee, endorse or
  otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly, contingently or
  otherwise) for the obligations of any other person except in the ordinary
  course of business, or (iii) make any loans, advances or capital
  contributions to, or investments in, any other person except in the
  ordinary course of business;

     (h) terminate, cancel or request any material change in, or agree to any
  material change in any Contract which is material to the Company or enter
  into any Contract which would be material to the Company, in either case
  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
  practice; or make or authorize any capital expenditure, other than capital
  expenditures that are not, in the aggregate, for any fiscal year, in excess
  of the capital expenditures provided for in the Company's budget for the
  Company for such fiscal year (a true, correct and complete copy of which
  budget has been provided to the Parent);

     (i) mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien, or sell,
  lease, license, transfer or otherwise dispose of, any of its properties or
  assets, other than encumbrances and Liens that are incurred in the ordinary
  course of business and consistent with past practice and sales, leases,
  licenses, transfers, and dispositions of properties and assets in the
  ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

     (j) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
  merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
  reorganization of the Company (other than the Merger);

                                      A-22

     (k) [Intentionally left blank];

     (l) enter into any agreement or arrangement that materially limits or
  otherwise restricts the Company or any successor thereto, or that would,
  after the Effective Time, limit or restrict the Surviving Corporation and
  its affiliates (including Parent) or any successor thereto, from engaging
  or competing in any line of business or in any geographic area, other than
  in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

     (m) take any action with respect to accounting policies or procedures,
  other than actions in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
  past practice or as required pursuant to applicable Law or GAAP;

     (n) waive, release, assign, settle or compromise any material rights,
  claims or litigation;

     (o) make any material Tax election or settle or compromise any material
  federal, state, local or foreign income Tax liability; or

     (p) authorize or enter into any formal or informal written or other
  agreement or otherwise make any commitment to do any of the foregoing.

   The Parent agrees that it will give an affirmative or negative response to
the Company with respect to any request by the Company for the Parent's consent
under Section 5.1 within 96 hours of the receipt by the Parent of a notice
containing a request for such consent which is given in accordance with Section
8.5.

   Section 5.2 Other Actions. During the period from the date hereof to the
Effective Time, the Company and the Parent shall not, and shall not permit any
of their respective subsidiaries to, take any action that would, or that could
reasonably be expected to, result in any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article 6 hereof not being satisfied.

   Section 5.3 Notification of Certain Matters. The Parent and the Company
shall promptly notify each other of (a) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any
fact or event which could reasonably be expected (i) to cause any
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or
inaccurate in any material respect at any time from the date hereof to the
Effective Time, (ii) to cause any material covenant, condition or agreement
hereunder not to be complied with or satisfied in all material respects or
(iii) to result in, in the case of Parent, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Parent; and, in the case of the Company, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, (b) any failure of the Company or the Parent, as the case may be, to
comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with
or satisfied by it hereunder in any material respect; provided, however, that
no such notification shall affect the representations or warranties of any
party or the conditions to the obligations of any party hereunder, (c) any
notice or other material communications from any Governmental Entity in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (d) the
commencement of any suit, action or proceeding that seeks to prevent or seek
damages in respect of, or otherwise relates to, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 5.4  Proxy Statement.

   (a) As promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the
Company shall prepare and file with the SEC the proxy statement of the Company
relating to the special meeting of the Company's shareholders (the "Company
Shareholders Meeting") to be held to consider approval and adoption of this
Agreement and the Merger (such document, together with any amendments thereof
or supplements thereto, the "Proxy Statement"). The Parent shall furnish all
information concerning the Parent as the Company may reasonably request in
connection with such actions and the preparation of the Proxy Statement. As
promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the proxy
statements included in the Proxy Statement (collectively, the "Proxy
Materials") will be mailed to the shareholders of the Company. The Parent and
the Company shall cause the Proxy Statement to comply as to form and substance
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of (i) the Exchange
Act, including Sections 14(a) and 14(d) thereof and the respective regulations
promulgated thereunder, (ii) the Securities Act and (iii) the CBCA.

                                      A-23

   (b) The Proxy Statement shall include the unanimous and unconditional
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company to the shareholders of
the Company that they vote in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the
Merger; provided, however, that the Board of Directors of the Company may, at
any time prior to the Effective Time, withdraw, modify or change any such
recommendation solely in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.7(d)
hereof. In addition, the Proxy Statement and the Proxy Materials will include a
copy of the written opinion of the Company Financial Advisor referred to in
Section 3.23.

   (c) The Proxy Statement will not be filed with the SEC or mailed to the
shareholders of the Company, and no amendment or supplement to the Proxy
Statement will be made, without the approval of each of the Parent and the
Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned.

   (d) If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event or circumstance
relating to the Company, or its officers or directors, should be discovered by
the Company that should be set forth in an amendment or a supplement to the
Proxy Statement, the Company shall promptly inform the Parent. All documents
that the Company is responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby will comply as to form and substance in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the CBCA, the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act.

   Section 5.5 Company Shareholders Meeting. The Company shall call and hold
the Company Shareholders Meeting as promptly as practicable after the mailing
of the Proxy Statement to the Company's shareholders for the purpose of voting
upon the approval of this Agreement and the Parent and the Company will
cooperate with each other to cause the Company Shareholders Meeting to be held
as soon as practicable following the mailing of the Proxy Materials to the
shareholders of the Company. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
(through its agents or otherwise) to solicit from its shareholders proxies in
favor of the approval of this Agreement, and shall take all other action
necessary or advisable to secure the Requisite Company Vote, except to the
extent that the Board of Directors of the Company withdraws, modifies or
changes its recommendation in favor of the Merger as provided in Section 5.7(d)
hereof.

   Section 5.6 Access to Information; Confidentiality.

   (a) Except as required under any confidentiality agreement or similar
agreement or arrangement to which the Parent or the Company or any of their
respective subsidiaries is a party or under applicable Law or the regulations
or requirements of the NYSE or other self regulatory organization with whose
rules the parties are required to comply, from the date of this Agreement to
the Effective Time, the Parent and the Company shall (and shall cause their
respective subsidiaries to): (i) provide to the other (and its officers,
directors, employees, accountants, consultants, legal counsel, financial
advisors, investment bankers, agents and other representatives (collectively,
"Representatives")) access at reasonable times upon prior notice to the
officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and other facilities of the
other and its subsidiaries and to the books and records thereof; and (ii)
furnish promptly such information concerning the business, properties,
Contracts, assets, liabilities, personnel and other aspects of the other party
and its subsidiaries as the other party or its Representatives may reasonably
request. No investigation conducted under this Section 5.6 shall affect or be
deemed to modify any representation or warranty made in this Agreement.

   (b) The parties shall comply with, and shall cause their respective
Representatives to comply with, all of their respective obligations under the
Confidentiality Agreement, dated October 27, 1998, between the Parent and the
Company with respect to the information disclosed under this Section 5.6.

   Section 5.7 No Solicitation.

   (a) From the date hereof until the termination hereof and except as
expressly permitted by the following provisions of this Section 5.7, the
Company will not, nor will it authorize or permit any officer, director or
employee of or any investment banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor or
representative of, the Company to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit,
initiate or encourage or facilitate any inquiries or the making of any

                                      A-24

proposal or offer with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (as hereinafter
defined), (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or
furnish to any person any information with respect to, or take any other action
to facilitate (including granting any waiver or release under any standstill or
similar agreement with respect to the securities of the Company), any
Acquisition Proposal or any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition
Proposal, (iii) agree to, approve or recommend an Acquisition Proposal, or (iv)
take any other action inconsistent with the obligations and commitments assumed
by the Company pursuant to this Section 5.7, provided, however, that subject to
compliance by the Company with the provisions of Section 5.7(b), the Company's
Board of Directors, prior to receipt of the Requisite Company Vote, may furnish
information to, or enter into discussions with, any person that makes an
unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal if, and only to the extent
that (A) the Company's Board of Directors, after consultation with independent
legal counsel, determines in good faith that such action is necessary for the
Company's Board of Directors to comply with its fiduciary duties to the
Company's shareholders under applicable Law, (B) financing for such Acquisition
Proposal, to the extent required, is then committed or which, in the reasonable
judgment of the Company's Board of Directors, is reasonably capable of being
obtained by such third party, (C) the Company's Board of Directors determines
in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal, if accepted, is reasonably likely
to be consummated taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and
other aspects of the proposal and the person making the proposal, and believes
in good faith, after consultation with and based upon the advice of an
independent nationally recognized financial advisor that such Acquisition
Proposal would, if consummated, result in a transaction more favorable to the
Company's shareholders from a financial point of view than the Merger (any such
more favorable Acquisition Proposal being referred to herein as a "Superior
Proposal"), and (D) prior to taking such action, the Company (x) provides
reasonable notice to Parent to the effect that it is taking such action and (y)
receives from such person an executed confidentiality agreement in reasonably
customary form.

   (b) Prior to providing any information to or entering into discussions with
any person in connection with an Acquisition Proposal by such person as set
forth in Section 5.7(a), the Company shall notify Parent orally and in writing
of (i) any Acquisition Proposal (including, without limitation, the material
terms and conditions thereof and the identity of the person making it) or (ii)
any inquiries indicating that any person is considering making or wishes to
make, or with respect to, or which could reasonably be expected to lead to, an
Acquisition Proposal, as promptly as practicable (but in no case later than 24
hours) after its receipt thereof, and shall provide Parent with a copy of any
written Acquisition Proposal or amendments or supplements thereto, and shall
thereafter inform Parent on a prompt basis of (x) the status of any discussions
or negotiations with any such third party, and any material changes to the
terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, and shall promptly give
Parent a copy of any information delivered to such person which has not
previously been reviewed by Parent and (y) any request by any person for
nonpublic information relating to the Company's properties, books or records.

   (c) Immediately after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
Company will, and will cause its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their
respective officers, directors, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants and other agents to, cease and terminate any existing activities,
discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with respect
to any possible Acquisition Proposal and shall notify each party that it, or
any officer, director, investment advisor, financial advisor, attorney or other
representative retained by it, has had discussions with during the 90 days
prior to the date of this Agreement that the Company's Board of Directors no
longer seeks the making of any Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it
will take the necessary steps to promptly inform the individuals or entities
referred to in the first sentence of Section 5.7(a) of the obligations
undertaken in this Section 5.7.

   (d) The Company's Board of Directors will not withdraw or modify, or propose
to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, its approval or
recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger except in connection with a
Superior Proposal and then only after the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 7.1(d).

                                      A-25

   (e) Nothing contained in this Section 5.7 shall prohibit the Company from
taking and disclosing to its shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-
2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to the
Company's shareholders which, in the good faith reasonable judgment of the
Company's Board of Directors, after consultation with independent legal
counsel, is required under applicable Law; provided, that except as otherwise
permitted in this Section 5.7, the Company does not withdraw or modify, or
propose to withdraw or modify, its position with respect to the Merger or
approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, an Acquisition
Proposal.

   (f) For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" means an inquiry,
offer or proposal regarding any of the following (other than the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) involving the Company: (i) any merger,
consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization, business combination or other
similar transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer
or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Company in a
single transaction or series of related transactions; (iii) any tender offer or
exchange offer for ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding shares of
Company Common Stock or the filing of a registration statement under the
Securities Act in connection therewith; or (iv) any public announcement of a
proposal, plan or intention to do any of the foregoing or any agreement to
engage in any of the foregoing.

   Section 5.8 [Reserved].

   Section 5.9 Directors' and Officers' Indemnification.

   (a) The Company shall, and from and after the Effective Time, the Parent and
the Surviving Corporation (each, an "Indemnifying Party") shall, indemnify,
defend and hold harmless each person who is now, or has been at any time prior
to the date hereof or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, an officer,
director or employee of the Company (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties")
against (i) all losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses, liabilities or
judgments or amounts that are paid in settlement with the approval of the
Indemnifying Party (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) of or in
connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation based in
whole or in part on or arising in whole or in part out of the fact that such
person is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company and arising out
of actions or omissions, occurring at or prior to the Effective Time and
whether asserted or claimed prior to, or at or after, the Effective Time
("Indemnified Liabilities") and (ii) all Indemnified Liabilities based in whole
or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that in the case
of clauses (i) and (ii) above, each Indemnifying Party shall only be required
to indemnify an Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 5.9 to the extent a
corporation is permitted under the law of the state of incorporation of the
Indemnifying Party to indemnify its own directors, officers and employees, as
the case may be (and the Parent and the Surviving Corporation, as the case may
be, will pay expenses in advance of the final disposition of any such action or
proceeding to each Indemnified Party to the full extent permitted by law upon
receipt of any undertaking required or contemplated by applicable law).

   (b) Each Indemnified Party under this Section 5.9 will, promptly after the
receipt of notice of the commencement of any action or other proceeding against
such Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought from an
Indemnifying Party under this Section 5.9, notify the Indemnifying Party in
writing of the commencement thereof. The omission of any Indemnified Party to
so notify an Indemnifying Party of any such action shall not relieve such
Indemnifying Party from any liability which it may have to such Indemnified
Party other than pursuant to this Section 5.9, unless, and only to the extent
that, such omission results in such Indemnifying Party's forfeiture of
substantive rights or defenses. In case any such action or other proceeding
shall be brought against any Indemnified Party and it shall notify the
Indemnifying Party of the commencement thereof, the Indemnifying Party shall be
entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, to assume
the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified
Party; provided, however, that any Indemnified Party may, at its own expense,
retain separate counsel to participate in such defense. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in any action or proceeding in which both the Indemnifying Party and
an Indemnified Party is, or is reasonably likely to become, a party, such
Indemnified Party shall have the right to

                                      A-26

employ separate counsel at the Indemnifying Party's expense and to control its
own defense of such action or proceeding if, in the reasonable written opinion
of counsel to such Indemnified Party, (a) there are legal defenses available to
such Indemnified Party or to other Indemnified Parties that are different from
or additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party or (b) any conflict
or potential conflict exists between the Indemnifying Party and such
Indemnified Party that would make such separate representation advisable;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Indemnifying Party be required to
pay fees and expenses under this Section 5.9 for more than one firm of
attorneys in any jurisdiction in any one legal action or group of related legal
actions. The Indemnifying Party shall not, without the consent of the
Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), consent
to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not
include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or
plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect
to such claim or litigation or which requires action other than the payment of
money by the Indemnifying Party. The rights accorded to Indemnified Parties
hereunder shall be in addition to any rights that any Indemnified Party may
have at common law, by separate agreement or otherwise.

   Section 5.10 [Reserved].

   Section 5.11 Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions
provided in this Agreement and to applicable legal requirements, each of the
parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to
be taken, all action, and to do, or cause to be done, in the case of the
Company consistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company's Board of
Directors, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties hereto in doing,
as promptly as practicable, all things necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable laws and regulations to ensure that the conditions set forth in
Article 6 are satisfied and to consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. If at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, including the execution of additional instruments, the proper
officers and directors of each party to this Agreement shall take all such
necessary action.

   Section 5.12 Consents; Filings; Further Action.

   (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, each of the parties
hereto shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) take, or cause to be taken,
all appropriate action, and do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable under applicable Law or otherwise to consummate and make
effective the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii)
obtain from Governmental Entities any Company Governmental Consents and Parent
Governmental Consents and any other consents, licenses, permits, waivers,
approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained or made by the
Parent or the Company or any of their subsidiaries in connection with the
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) make as
promptly as practicable after the date hereof all necessary filings, and
thereafter make any other submissions either required or deemed appropriate by
each of the parties, with respect to this Agreement and the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby required under (A) the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act and any other applicable federal or Blue Sky Laws, (B) the HSR
Act and any applicable other foreign antitrust, anti-monopoly or similar Laws,
(C) the CBCA, (D) any other applicable Law and (E) the rules and regulations of
the NYSE. The parties hereto shall cooperate and consult with each other in
connection with the making of all such filings, including by providing copies
of all such documents to the nonfiling party and its advisors prior to filing,
and none of the parties will file any such document if any of the other parties
shall have reasonably objected to the filing of such document. No party to this
Agreement shall consent to any voluntary extension of any statutory deadline or
waiting party or to any voluntary delay of the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated hereby at the behest of any Governmental
Entity without the consent and agreement of the other parties to this
Agreement, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

   (b) Without limiting the generality of Section 5.12(a), each party hereto
shall promptly inform the others of any material communication from the Federal
Trade Commission, the Department of Justice or any other

                                      A-27

domestic or foreign government or governmental or multinational authority
regarding any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If any party
or any affiliate thereof receives a request for additional information or
documentary material from any such government or authority with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, then such party will endeavor in
good faith to make, or cause to be made, as soon as reasonably practicable and
after consultation with the other party, an appropriate response in compliance
with such request. The Parent will advise the Company promptly in respect of
any understandings, undertakings or agreements (oral or written) which the
Parent proposes to make or enter into with the Federal Trade Commission, the
Department of Justice or any other domestic or foreign government or
governmental or multinational authority in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. In furtherance and not in limitation of the
foregoing, the Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to resolve such
objections, if any, as may be asserted with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement under any antitrust, competition or trade
regulatory laws, rules or regulations of any domestic or foreign government or
governmental authority or any multinational authority. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Section 5.12 shall require, or be construed to
require, the Parent or the Company, in connection with the receipt of any
regulatory approval, to proffer to, or agree to (A) sell or hold separate and
agree to sell, divest or to discontinue to or limit, before or after the
Effective Time, any assets, businesses, or interest in any assets or businesses
of the Parent, the Company or any of their respective affiliates (or to the
consent to any sale, or agreement to sell, or discontinuance or limitation by
the Parent or the Company, as the case may be, of any of its assets or
businesses) or (B) agree to any conditions relating to, or changes or
restriction in, the operations of any such asset or businesses which, in either
case could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the
Parent or a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or to materially and
adversely impact the economic or business benefits to such party of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   Section 5.13 Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements. The Company shall
request that each employee of the Company execute prior to the Closing an
intellectual property assignment agreement in the form previously approved by
the Parent (the "IP Assignment Agreement") and, in connection therewith, shall
talk to and explain the significance of such agreement to each such employee.
Without limitation of the foregoing, with respect to each employee of the
Company who is involved in the creation or development of the Intellectual
Property of the Company, as determined by the Parent (each, an "IP Employee"),
the Company shall take such other actions as the Parent may reasonably request
to have each such IP Employee execute prior to the Closing an IP Assignment
Agreement.

   Section 5.14 Public Announcements. The Parent and Merger Sub and the Company
shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise
making any public statements with respect to this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby and shall not issue any such press release or
make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except to the extent
required by applicable Law or the requirements of the NYSE, in which case the
issuing party shall use its reasonable best efforts to consult with the other
parties before issuing any such release or making any such public statement.

   Section 5.15 Obligations of Merger Sub. The Parent shall take all actions
necessary to cause Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement
and to consummate the Merger on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

   Section 5.16 De-Listing. The parties shall use their reasonable best efforts
to cause the Surviving Corporation to cause the Company Common Stock to be de-
listed from the NASDAQ National Market and de-registered under the Exchange Act
as soon as practicable following the Effective Time.

   Section 5.17 Expenses. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.5(b),
whether or not the Merger is consummated, all Expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such Expense, except that Expenses
incurred in connection with the filing fee for the Proxy Statement and printing
and mailing the Proxy Materials and the filing fee under the HSR Act shall be
shared equally by the Parent and the Company.

                                      A-28

   Section 5.18 Takeover Statutes. If any Takeover Statute is or may become
applicable to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby, each of
the Parent and the Company and its board of directors shall grant such
approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that such transactions may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such
statute or regulation on such transactions.

   Section 5.19 Employee Benefits.

   (a) The Parent agrees that individuals who are employed by the Company
immediately prior to the Closing Date shall remain employees of the Company as
of the Closing Date (each such employee, an "Affected Employee"); provided,
however, that nothing contained herein shall confer upon any Affected Employee
the right to continued employment by the Company for any period of time after
the Closing Date which is not otherwise required by law or contract.

   (b) To the extent that any Affected Employees are moved by the Parent to any
employee benefit plan maintained by the Parent or any Parent Subsidiary (i) the
Parent shall, or shall cause such Parent Subsidiary to, give such Affected
Employees full credit solely for the purposes of eligibility and vesting under
such employee benefits plans for such Affected Employee's service with the
Parent, the Company or any affiliate thereof to the same extent recognized
immediately prior to the Closing Date and (ii) such Affected Employees will not
be subject to any limitations regarding preexisting conditions under any such
employee benefit plan; provided, that the entry dates into such employee
benefit plans for such Affected Employees will be in the normal course of such
plan's administration, which may be the beginning of the plan year.

   (c) After the Effective Time, until the date the Parent determines in its
discretion to move Affected Employees to the Parent's employee benefit plans,
the Parent shall cause the Company to maintain employee benefit plans (but not
bonus or equity-based plans) that are substantially comparable to the health
and welfare plans maintained by the Company on the date hereof. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, all 401K benefits, vacation, holiday,
sickness and personal days accrued by the employees of the Company shall be
honored.

   Nothing contained in this Section 5.19 shall be construed as requiring the
Parent to continue any specific Company Benefit Plan or to continue the
employment of any employee; provided, however, that any changes that the Parent
may make to any such Company Benefit Plan are consistent with the prior parts
of this Section 5.19, and are permitted by the terms of the Company Benefit
Plan and under any applicable law.

   Section 5.20 Form S-8. No later than five (5) business days after the
Effective Time, the Parent shall file with the SEC a registration statement on
an appropriate form or a post-effective amendment to a previously filed
registration statement under the Securities Act, with respect to the Parent
Common Stock issuable in respect of Company Stock Options, and shall use its
reasonable best efforts to maintain the current status of the prospectus
contained therein, as well as comply with any applicable state securities or
Blue Sky Laws, for as long as such options remain outstanding.

                                   ARTICLE 6

                                   CONDITIONS

   Section 6.1 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger and consummate the
other transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated on the Closing Date is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the Effective Time of each
of the following conditions:

     (a) Shareholder Approval. This Agreement (including the Plan of Merger)
  and consummation of the Merger shall have been duly approved by the
  Requisite Company Vote.

                                      A-29

     (b) Governmental Consents. The waiting period applicable to the
  consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or been
  terminated and other than the filing provided for in Section 1.3, all
  notices, reports and other filings required to be made prior to the
  Effective Time by the Company or the Parent or any of their respective
  subsidiaries with, and all consents, registrations, approvals, permits and
  authorizations required to be obtained prior to the Effective Time by, the
  Company or the Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries from, any
  Governmental Entity in connection with the execution and delivery of this
  Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
  contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, all Company
  Governmental Consents and Parent Governmental Consents) shall have been
  made or obtained (as the case may be) upon terms and conditions that could
  not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect on the
  Parent or a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

     (c) Statutes, Orders, Injunctions, etc. No statute, rule, regulation,
  executive order, judgment, decree, or injunction shall have been enacted,
  entered, promulgated or enforced (and not repealed, superseded, lifted or
  otherwise made inapplicable), by any court of competent jurisdiction or
  Governmental Entity which restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the
  consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (each party
  agreeing to use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the effect of
  any such statute, rule, regulation or order or to have any such order,
  judgment, decree or injunction lifted) or that would have or would
  reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Parent.

   Section 6.2 Conditions to Obligations of the Parent and Merger Sub. The
obligations of each of the Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger and
consummate the other transactions contemplated hereby to be consummated on the
Closing Date are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Parent at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
  of the Company set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to
  "Material Adverse Effect" or another materiality qualifier shall be true
  and correct, and the representations and warranties of the Company set
  forth in this Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct
  in all material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and
  as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date,
  except to the extent the representation or warranty is expressly limited by
  its terms to another date, and the Parent shall have received a certificate
  (which certificate may be qualified by knowledge to the same extent as the
  representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
  are so qualified) signed on behalf of the Company by an executive officer
  of the Company to such effect.

     (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have
  performed (i) all obligations required to be performed by it pursuant to
  Section 2.3 hereof and (ii) in all material respects all other obligations
  required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the
  Closing Date, and the Parent shall have received a certificate signed on
  behalf of the Company by an executive officer of the Company to such
  effect.

     (c) Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement, there
  shall have been no Material Adverse Effect on the Company and the Parent
  shall have received a certificate of an executive officer of the Company to
  such effect.

     (d) Consents Under Agreements. The Company shall have obtained the
  consents set forth in Section 3.5(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and
  the consent, approval or waiver of each person whose consent, approval or
  waiver shall be required in order to consummate the transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement, except those for which the failure to
  obtain such consent, approval or waiver, individually or in the aggregate,
  could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on
  the Company.

     (e) Litigation Matters. (I) There shall not be any statute, rule,
  regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental
  Entity which restrains or prohibits the consummation of the Merger and (II)
  there shall not be pending by any Governmental Entity or any other person
  any suit, action or

                                      A-30

  proceeding which has a reasonable likelihood of success (i) that would
  materially adversely effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
  taken as a whole or seeking to obtain from the Company or the Parent any
  damages that are material in relation to the Company or the Parent and the
  Parent Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as applicable, (ii) seeking to
  prohibit or limit the ownership or operation by the Company, Parent or any
  Parent Subsidiaries of any material portion of the business or assets of
  the Company or the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as
  applicable, or to compel the Company, Parent or any of their respective
  subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material portion of the
  business or assets of the Company or the Parent and the Parent
  Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as applicable, as a result of the Merger or
  any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) seeking
  to impose limitations on the ability of the Parent to acquire or hold, or
  exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of capital stock of the
  Company or the Surviving Corporation, including the right to vote the
  Company Common Stock, or common stock of the Surviving Corporation, on all
  matters properly presented to the shareholders of the Company or the
  Surviving Corporation, respectively, (iv) seeking to prohibit the Parent
  and the Parent Subsidiaries from effectively controlling in any material
  respect the business or operations of the Company or (v) which otherwise
  would have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
  Effect on the Company or a Material Adverse Effect on the Parent.

     (f) The holders of not more than 10% of the Company Common Stock shall
  have demanded appraisal rights in accordance with Section 7-113-102 of the
  CBCA.

     (g) The Employment Arrangements shall each be in full force and effect
  and each such Employment Arrangement shall not have been breached in any
  respect by Dean A. Suposs or Jerry Thurber, as the case may be. Neither
  Dean A Suposs nor Jerry Thurber shall have died, become disabled or
  incapacitated or otherwise be unable to perform their respective duties as
  officers of the Company.

   Section 6.3 Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the
Company to effect the Merger and consummate the other transactions contemplated
hereby to be consummated on the Closing Date is also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by the Company at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:

     (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties
  of each of the Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are
  qualified as to "Material Adverse Effect" or another materiality qualifier
  shall be true and correct, and the representations and warranties of the
  Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement that are not so qualified
  shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the
  date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as
  of the Closing Date, except to the extent the representation or warranty is
  expressly limited by its terms to another date, and the Company shall have
  received a certificate (which certificate may be qualified by knowledge to
  the same extent as the representations and warranties of each of the Parent
  and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement are so qualified) signed on
  behalf of each of the Parent and Merger Sub by an executive officer of the
  Parent to such effect.

     (b) Performance of Obligations of the Parent and Merger Sub. Each of the
  Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects all
  obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior
  to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate
  signed on behalf of the Parent and Merger Sub by an executive officer of
  the Parent to such effect.

                                      A-31

                                   ARTICLE 7

                                  TERMINATION

   Section 7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may
be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, notwithstanding any
requisite approval and adoption of this Agreement, as follows:

     (a) by mutual written consent of the Parent and the Company duly
  authorized by their respective boards of directors;

     (b) by either the Parent or the Company, if the Effective Time shall not
  have occurred on or before November 30, 2001; provided, however, that (i)
  the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not
  be available to the party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under
  this Agreement shall have been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of
  the Effective Time to occur on or before such date; and (ii) if the
  applicable federal or foreign antitrust authority shall seek an order
  injunction or decree with respect to the legality of the Merger under
  applicable antitrust Laws, this Agreement may be extended prior to the
  termination hereof by written notice of either the Parent or the Company to
  the other to the date that is 30 days following the date on which a ruling
  with respect to such an order injunction or decree is entered by a trial
  court or administrative body;

     (c) by either the Parent or the Company, if any order injunction or
  decree preventing the consummation of the Merger shall have been entered by
  any court of competent jurisdiction or Governmental Entity and shall have
  become final and nonappealable;

     (d) by the Company, if prior to the Requisite Company Vote, the Board of
  Directors of the Company shall concurrently approve, and the Company shall
  concurrently enter into, a definitive agreement providing for the
  implementation of a Superior Proposal; provided, however, that (i) the
  Company is not then in breach of Section 5.7, (ii) the Company's Board of
  Directors authorizes the Company, subject to complying with the terms of
  this Agreement, to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a
  transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal and the Company notifies
  the Parent in writing that it intends to enter into such an agreement,
  attaching the most current version of such agreement to such notice, (iii)
  during the seven (7) business day period after the Company's notice, (A)
  the Company shall have offered to negotiate with (and, if accepted,
  negotiate with), and shall have caused its respective financial and legal
  advisors to have offered to negotiate with (and, if accepted, negotiate
  with) the Parent to attempt to make such commercially reasonable
  adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement as would enable
  the Company to proceed with the Merger and the other transactions
  contemplated by this Agreement and (B) the Board of Directors of the
  Company shall have concluded, after considering the results of such
  negotiations and the revised proposals made by the Parent, if any, that any
  Superior Proposal giving rise to the Company's notice continues to be a
  Superior Proposal; (iv) such termination is within two (2) business days
  following the seven (7) business day period referred to above, and (v) no
  termination pursuant to this Section 7.1(d) shall be effective unless the
  Company shall simultaneously make the payment required by Section 7.5;

     (e) by the Parent or the Company, if this Agreement and the Merger shall
  fail to receive the requisite vote for adoption at the Company Shareholders
  Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof;

     (f) by the Parent, upon a breach of any material representation,
  warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set forth in
  this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of the Company shall
  have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in
  either of Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) would not be satisfied (a "Terminating
  Company Breach"); provided, however, that, if such Terminating Company
  Breach is curable by the Company through the exercise of its reasonable
  best efforts within 20 days of the receipt of notice of such breach, the
  Parent may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(f) until the
  end of such 20-day period; or

     (g) by the Company, upon breach of any material representation,
  warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of the Parent set forth in this
  Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of the Parent shall

                                      A-32

  have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in
  either of Section 6.3(a) or 6.3(b) would not be satisfied (a "Terminating
  Parent Breach"); provided, however, that, if such Terminating Parent Breach
  is curable by the Parent through its reasonable best efforts within 20 days
  of the receipt of notice of such breach, the Company may not terminate this
  Agreement under this Section 7.1(g) until the end of such 20 business day
  period.

   Section 7.2 Effect of Termination. Except as provided in Section 8.2, in the
event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void, there shall be no liability under this Agreement
on the part of the Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or any of their respective
Representatives, and all rights and obligations of each party hereto shall
cease, subject to the remedies of the parties set forth in Sections 7.5(b) and
(c); provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall relieve any party
from liability for the willful breach of any of its representations and
warranties or the breach of any of its covenants or agreements set forth in
this Agreement which shall survive any such termination.

   Section 7.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto
by action taken by or on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any
time prior to the Effective Time; provided that, after the approval of this
Agreement by the shareholders of the Company, no amendment may be made that
would reduce the amount or change the type of consideration into which each
Company Share shall be converted upon consummation of the Merger. This
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the
parties hereto.

   Section 7.4 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party
hereto may (a) extend the time for the performance of any obligation or other
act of any other party hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracy in the representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered
pursuant hereto, and (c) waive compliance with any agreement or condition
contained in this Agreement. Any waiver of a condition set forth in Section
6.1, or any determination that such a condition has been satisfied, will be
effective only if made in writing by each of the Company and the Parent and,
unless otherwise specified in such writing, shall thereafter operate as a
waiver (or satisfaction) of such conditions for any and all purposes of this
Agreement. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid if set forth in an
instrument in writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby.

   Section 7.5 Expenses following Termination.

   (a) Except as set forth in this Section 7.5, all Expenses (as defined below)
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.18. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Expenses" consist of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including, all fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers,
experts and consultants to a party hereto and its affiliates) incurred by a
party or on its behalf in connection with or related to the authorization,
preparation, negotiation, execution and performance of this Agreement, the
preparation, printing, filing and mailing of the Proxy Statement and/or the
Proxy Materials (as the case may be), the solicitation of shareholder approvals
and all other matters related to the closing of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

   (b) If this Agreement is to be terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(d),
Section 7.1(e) or Section 7.1(f), provided that with respect to a termination
pursuant to 7.1(f) the following shall apply only if the termination is on
account of a breach of a covenant or agreement by the Company, then the Company
shall (x) on the date specified in the last sentence of this Section 7.5(b) in
the case of a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(e) or
7.1(f), or (y) simultaneously with a termination of this Agreement by the
Company pursuant to Section 7.1(d), pay to the Parent (by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to an account designated by the Parent) a
termination fee of $3,250,000 (the "Termination Amount") plus the reimbursement
of all of Parent's actual and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including all
investment banking, legal, accounting and other similar expenses) up to a
maximum reimbursable amount of $1,000,000 (the "Parent Expenses"); provided,
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to pay such fee to the Parent
if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(e) or Section 7.1(f)
unless (i) at the time of the Company Shareholder

                                      A-33

Meeting in the case of termination pursuant to Section 7.1(e) or on the date
the Parent terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(f), the Company
has received a bona fide alternative Acquisition Proposal or a third party has
made or publicly announced its intention to make a bona fide Acquisition
Proposal, and (ii) within eighteen months after the termination of this
Agreement, the Company enters into a definitive agreement providing for an
alternative Acquisition Proposal with any third party or an alternative
Acquisition Proposal is consummated with any third party. If the Termination
Amount becomes payable as a result of a termination pursuant to Section 7.1(e)
or 7.1(f), then, in either such case, such Termination Amount shall be paid
promptly (and in any event within two (2) days of receipt by Company of a
written notice from Parent) following the earlier of the execution of such
definitive agreement providing for an alternative Acquisition Proposal or the
consummation of an alternative Acquisition Proposal, as the case may be.

   (c) The Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section
7.5 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and that, without these agreements, the Parent would not enter into this
Agreement; accordingly, if the Company fails to pay promptly the Termination
Amount, and, in order to obtain such payment, the Parent commences a suit which
results in a judgment against the Company for the Termination Amount, the
Company shall pay the Parent's Expenses in connection with such suit, together
with interest on the amount of the Termination Amount at the prime rate of The
Chase Manhattan Bank in effect on the date such payment was required to be made
plus two percent (2%).

                                   ARTICLE 8

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

   Section 8.1 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

     (a) The term "affiliate," as applied to any person, means any other
  person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
  control with, that person. For the purposes of this definition, "control"
  (including, with correlative meanings, the terms "controlling," "controlled
  by" and "under common control with"), as applied to any person, means the
  possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
  direction of the management and policies of that person, whether through
  the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

     (b) The term "business day" means any day, other than Saturday, Sunday
  or a federal holiday, and shall consist of the time period from 12:01 a.m.
  through 12:00 midnight Eastern time. In computing any time period under
  this Agreement, the date of the event which begins the running of such time
  period shall be included except that if such event occurs on other than a
  business day such period shall begin to run on and shall include the first
  business day thereafter.

     (c) The term "including" means, unless the context clearly requires
  otherwise, including but not limited to the things or matters named or
  listed after that term.

     (d) The term "Liens" means any security interests, liens, claims,
  pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements, limitations on the
  Company's voting rights, charges and other encumbrances or any nature
  whatsoever.

     (e) The term "Parent Common Stock" means the common stock, par value
  $.10 per share, of the Parent.

     (f) The term "person" shall include individuals, corporations, limited
  and general partnerships, trusts, limited liability companies,
  associations, joint ventures, Governmental Entities and other entities and
  groups (which term shall include a "group" as such term is defined in
  Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act).

     (g) The term "significant subsidiary" has the meaning assigned to such
  term by Regulation S-X (17 C.F.R. (S) 210.1-02).

                                      A-34

     (h) The term "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" means, with respect to the
  Parent, the Company or any other person, any entity of which the Parent,
  the Company or such other person, as the case may be (either alone or
  through or together with any other subsidiary), owns, directly or
  indirectly, stock or other equity interests the holders of which are
  generally entitled to more than 50% of the vote for the election of the
  board of directors or other governing body of such corporation or other
  legal entity.

   Section 8.2 Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. The
representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement and in any
certificate delivered under this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective
Time or upon the termination of this Agreement under Section 7.1, as the case
may be, except that the agreements set forth in Sections 5.6(b), 5.9, 5.14,
5.17, 7.2 and 7.5 and this Article 8 shall survive termination of this
Agreement. Each party agrees that, except for the representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement, the Company Disclosure Letter and the
Parent Disclosure Letter, no party to this Agreement has made any other
representations and warranties, and each party disclaims any other
representations and warranties, made by itself or any of its officers,
directors, employees, agents, financial and legal advisors or other
Representatives with respect to the execution and delivery of this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, notwithstanding the delivery
of disclosure to any other party or any party's representatives of any
documentation or other information with respect to any one or more of the
foregoing.

   Section 8.3 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument,
and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement.

   Section 8.4 GOVERNING LAW; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

   (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL RESPECTS SHALL
BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES, EXCEPT TO
THE EXTENT THAT THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO MANDATORILY APPLY.

   (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND
THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH SUCH
PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii)
EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH SUCH PARTY HAS
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.4.

                                      A-35

   Section 8.5 Notices. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to
be given hereunder by any party to the others shall be in writing and delivered
personally, sent by reputable overnight courier, sent by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, or by facsimile:

     if to the Parent or Merger Sub:

     Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
     One ADP Boulevard
     Roseland, N.J. 07068
     Attention: General Counsel
     Fax: (973) 535-6199

     with copies to:

     Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison
     1285 Avenue of the Americas
     New York, New York 10019-6064
     Attention: Richard S. Borisoff, Esq.
     Douglas A. Cifu, Esq.
     Fax: (212) 757-3990

     if to the Company:

     Avert, Inc.
     301 Remington Street
     Ft. Collins, Colorado 80203
     Attention: Dean A. Suposs, President
     Fax: (800) 237-4011

     with copies to:

     Baker & Hostetler LLP
     303 East 17th Avenue, Suite 1100
     Denver, Colorado 80203
     Attention: Alfred C. Chidester
     Fax: (303) 861-2307

     Baker & Hostetler LLP
     303 East 17th Avenue, Suite 1100
     Denver, Colorado 80203
     Attention: Thomas H. Maxfield
     Fax: (303) 861-2307

or to such other persons or addresses as may be designated in writing by the
party to receive such notice as provided above.

   Section 8.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including any exhibits to this
Agreement), the Plan of Merger, the Voting Agreement, the Company Disclosure
Letter and the Parent Disclosure Letter constitute the entire agreement and
supersede all other prior agreements, understandings, representations and
warranties, both written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the
subject matter of this Agreement.

   Section 8.7 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the provisions of
Section 5.9, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any person other
than the parties to this Agreement any rights or remedies under this Agreement.

                                      A-36

   Section 8.8 Obligations of the Parent and of the Company. Whenever this
Agreement requires a Parent Subsidiary to take any action, that requirement
shall be deemed to include an undertaking on the part of the Parent to cause
that Parent Subsidiary to take that action.

   Section 8.9 Severability.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not
affect the validity or enforceability or the other provisions of this
Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of that
provision to any person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a
suitable and equitable provision shall be substituted for that provision in
order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and
purpose of the invalid or unenforceable provision and (b) the remainder of this
Agreement and the application of the provision to other persons or
circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor
shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability
of the provision, or the application of that provision, in any other
jurisdiction.

   Section 8.10 Interpretation. The  and headings in this
Agreement are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this
Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the
provisions of this Agreement. Where a reference in this Agreement is made to a
section, exhibit or annex, that reference shall be to a section of or exhibit
or annex to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. Wherever the words
"include," "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation."

   Section 8.11 Assignment.  This Agreement shall not be assignable by
operation of law or otherwise, except that the Parent may designate, by written
notice to the Company, another Parent Subsidiary that is wholly owned directly
or indirectly by the Parent to be merged with and into the Company in lieu of
Merger Sub, in which event all references in this Agreement to Merger Sub shall
be deemed references to such other Parent Subsidiary, and in that case, all
representations and warranties made in this Agreement with respect to Merger
Sub as of the date of this Agreement shall be deemed representations and
warranties made with respect to such other Parent Subsidiary as of the date of
such designation.

   Section 8.12 Specific Performance. The parties to this Agreement agree that
irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were
otherwise reached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled
to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court of
the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

                                      A-37

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
the duly authorized officers of the parties to this Agreement as of the date
first written above.

                                          Avert, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                                          Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                                          Adp Colorado, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                         [Agreement and Plan of Merger]

                                      A-38

                                                                       Exhibit A

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

   VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of June 15, 2001 (this "Agreement"), by and among
Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and Dean A.
Suposs (the "Shareholder").

   WHEREAS, Avert, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the "Company"), and Parent
propose to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date
hereof (the "Merger Agreement"), which provides for, among other things, the
merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent with and into the Company (the
"Merger");

   WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Shareholder is a holder of record or
Beneficially Owns (as defined herein) shares of common stock, no par value
("Company Common Stock"), of the Company;

   WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Parent to enter into the
Merger Agreement, Parent has required that the Shareholder agree, and in order
to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Shareholder has
agreed, to enter into this Agreement with respect to all of the shares of
Company Common Stock now held of record or Beneficially Owned and which may
hereafter be acquired by such Shareholder (collectively, the "Shares"); and

   WHEREAS, simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Shareholder has irrevocably granted Parent a Proxy (in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A) to vote his shares in a manner consistent with the
covenants set forth in this Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants
and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.

                              CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

   Section 1.1 General. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the
respective meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

   Section 1.2 Beneficial Ownership. For purposes of this Agreement,
"Beneficially Own" or "Beneficial Ownership" with respect to any securities
shall mean "beneficial ownership" of such securities (as determined pursuant to
Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"), including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding,
whether or not in writing. Without duplicative counting of the same securities
by the same holder, securities Beneficially Owned by a Shareholder shall
include securities Beneficially Owned by all other Persons (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) with whom such Person would constitute a "group" within the
meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act other than parties to this
Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE II.

   Section 2.1 Voting Agreement. The Shareholder hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that during the term of this Agreement as specified in
Section 5.1, at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company, however called,
and in any action by consent of the shareholders of the Company, the
Shareholder shall vote (or cause to be voted) the Shares held of record (to the
extent he has the right to vote such Shares) or Beneficially Owned (to the
extent he also has the right to vote such Shares) by him in favor of the
Merger, the

Merger Agreement (as amended from time to time) and the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Shareholder acknowledges receipt and
review of a copy of the Merger Agreement.

   Section 2.2 Other Proxies Revoked. Any proxies (other than the Proxy granted
to Parent on the date hereof) heretofore given in respect of the Shareholder's
Shares are not irrevocable and all such proxies are hereby revoked.

                                  ARTICLE III.

               REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE STOCKHOLDER

   The Shareholder hereby represents and warrants to the Parent as follows:

     Section 3.1 Authority Relative to This Agreement. The Shareholder has
  all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to
  perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
  contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
  delivered by the Shareholder and, assuming the due authorization, execution
  and delivery by the other parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and
  binding obligation of the Shareholder, enforceable against the Shareholder
  in accordance with its terms, except to the extent enforceability may be
  limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting
  creditors' rights generally or by general principles governing the
  availability of equitable remedies.

     Section 3.2 No Conflict. (a) The execution and delivery of this
  Agreement by the Shareholder does not, and the performance of this
  Agreement by the Shareholder shall not, (i) conflict with or violate any
  agreement, arrangement, law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree to
  which the Shareholder is a party or by which the Shareholder (or the Shares
  held of record or Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder) is bound or
  affected or (ii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
  event that with notice or lapse or time or both would become a default)
  under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
  or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on
  any of the Shares held of record or Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder
  pursuant to any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
  lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to
  which the Shareholder is a party or by which the Shareholder (or the Shares
  held of record or Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder) is bound or
  affected, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 3.2,
  for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences
  which would not prevent or delay the performance by such Shareholder of its
  obligations under this Agreement.

     (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Shareholder does
  not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Shareholder shall not,
  require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with
  or notification to, any governmental entity except for applicable
  requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act, and except where the failure to
  obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such
  filings or notifications, would not prevent or delay the performance by the
  Shareholder of his obligations under this Agreement.

     Section 3.3 Title to the Shares. As of the date hereof, the Shareholder
  is the record or Beneficial Owner of the Shares listed on Schedule 1
  hereto. The Shares listed on Schedule 1 hereto are all the securities of
  the Company either held of record or Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder.
  The Shareholder has not appointed or granted any proxy, which appointment
  or grant is still effective, with respect to the Shares held of record or
  Beneficially Owned by the Shareholder. The Shareholder has the right to
  vote or cause to be voted each of the Shares listed on Schedule 1 hereto
  and the Shares listed on Schedule 1 hereto are owned free and clear of all
  security interests, liens, powers of attorney, proxies, claims, pledges,
  options, rights of first refusal, agreements, limitations on the
  Shareholder's voting rights, charges and other encumbrances of any nature
  whatsoever, except for those restrictions arising hereunder or under the
  Proxy delivered by the Shareholder to the Parent on the date hereof.

                                  ARTICLE IV.

                          COVENANTS OF THE SHAREHOLDER

   Section 4.1 No Inconsistent Agreement or Action. The Shareholder hereby
covenants and agrees that, except as contemplated by this Agreement, and the
Merger Agreement, the Shareholder shall not, or permit any Person under such
Shareholder's control to, enter into any voting agreement or grant a proxy or
power of attorney with respect to the Shares held of record or Beneficially
Owned by the Shareholder or form any "group" for purposes of the Exchange Act
or the rules promulgated thereunder, in each such case, which is inconsistent
with this Agreement. Except as set forth in the Merger Agreement, the
Shareholder shall not (i) solicit, initiate, encourage (including by way of
furnishing information or assistance) or take any other action to facilitate,
any inquiry or the making of any proposal which constitutes, or may reasonably
be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposals (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) or agree to or endorse any Acquisition Proposal or (ii) propose,
enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any of
the foregoing, or furnish to any other Person any information with respect to
its business, properties or assets or any of the foregoing, or otherwise
cooperate in any way with, or assist or participate in, facilitate or
encourage, any effort or attempt by any other Person to do or seek any of the
foregoing.

   Section 4.2 Transfer of Title. The Shareholder hereby covenants and agrees
that the Shareholder shall not (i) tender any Shares, (ii) sell, assign or
transfer record or Beneficial Ownership of any of the Shares, or (iii) further
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Shares; provided, that the
Shareholder may transfer record ownership of any of the Shares so long as the
Shareholder maintains Beneficial Ownership of such Shares (including, without
limitation, the unfettered right to vote such Shares in the manner set forth in
Section 2.1).

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

   Section 5.1 Termination. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date of
this Agreement and shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the closing
of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) the date upon
which the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms; provide,
however, that if the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to any of Sections
7.1(d), (e) or (f) of the Merger Agreement and at the time of such termination
the Termination Amount either is or may become payable pursuant to Section
7.5(b) of the Merger Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate on the date
which is six months after the date of termination of the Merger Agreement.

   Section 5.2 Additional Shares. If, after the date hereof, the Shareholder
acquires the right to vote any additional shares of Company Common Stock (any
such shares shall be referred to herein as "Additional Shares"), including,
without limitation, upon exercise of any option, warrant or right to acquire
shares of Company Common Stock or through any stock dividend or stock split,
the provisions of this Agreement applicable to the Shares shall be applicable
to such Additional Shares as if such Additional Shares had been Shares as of
the date hereof. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be
effective with respect to Additional Shares without action by any Person
immediately upon the acquisition by the Shareholder of record or Beneficial
Ownership of such Additional Shares.

   Section 5.3 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not
performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be
entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other
remedy at law or in equity.

   Section 5.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between Parent and the Shareholders with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, between Parent and the Shareholders with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

   Section 5.5 Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

   Section 5.6 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule or law, or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal
substance of this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to
any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereby shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the terms of this Agreement
remain as originally contemplated.

   Section 5.7 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND
IN ALL RESPECTS SHALL BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT
OF LAW PRINCIPLES, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO
MANDATORILY APPLY.

   Section 5.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, when taken
together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Shareholders and Parent have caused this Agreement
to be duly executed on the date hereof.

                                          Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:

                                          _____________________________________
                                          Dean A. Suposs

                               [Voting Agreement]

                                   SCHEDULE 1

                                                                       Number of
                                                                        Shares
                                                                       ---------

       Dean A. Suposs.................................................  346,889

                                                                       Exhibit A

                               IRREVOCABLE PROXY

   The undersigned shareholder of Avert, Inc., a Colorado corporation
("Company") hereby appoints Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), as proxy for the undersigned, with full power of
substitution, to attend any annual or special meeting of the shareholders of
the Company (including any and all adjournments and postponements thereof), and
in respect of any written consent in lieu of such meeting, held or made for the
purpose of considering or voting upon the matters described in Section 2.1 of
the Voting Agreement, dated the date hereof, among Parent, the undersigned and
certain other shareholders of the Company (the "Agreement"), in accordance with
such Section 2.1, and to cast all votes that the undersigned is entitled to
cast at such a meeting (or in connection with such written consent) with
respect to all of the undersigned's Shares (as defined in the Agreement) with
respect to the matters described in Section 2.1 of the Agreement. The
undersigned hereby revokes any proxy heretofore given with respect to such a
meeting (or written consent in lieu thereof) or with respect to such a vote
cast. The undersigned affirms that this proxy is a power coupled with an
interest and shall be irrevocable. The undersigned shall take such further
action or execute such other instruments as may be necessary to effectuate the
intent of this irrevocable proxy.

Please sign exactly as name appears       _____________________________________
on the records of the Company and         Dean A. Suposs
date.

                                          Dated:

                                                                     Exhibit B-1

                       TERMINATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT
                             (Employment Agreement)

   THIS TERMINATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of the 15th day of June, 2001, by and between AVERT, INC., a
Colorado corporation (the "Company"), and DEAN A. SUPOSS, an individual
resident of the State of Colorado (the "Employee").

                                  WITNESSETH:

   WHEREAS, AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"Parent"), ADP COLORADO, INC., a Colorado corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and the Company have entered into a Merger
Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to
which, among other things, Parent is acquiring all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (the "Transactions");

   WHEREAS, the Employee will receive significant economic benefits upon
consummation of the Transactions;

   WHEREAS, the Employee, as an Officer and Director of the Company will
receive substantial professional benefit upon the consummation of the
Transactions, including his continued employment by the Company;

   WHEREAS, the Employee would not be entering into this Agreement, if not for
the valuable consideration to be delivered by Parent upon the consummation of
the Transactions;

   WHEREAS, Parent and Merger Sub would not be entering into the Merger
Agreement and would not consummate the Transactions if the Employee was not
simultaneously executing and delivering this Agreement and it is a condition
precedent to Parent's and Merger Sub's obligations to consummate the
Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that the parties hereto shall
have entered into this Agreement;

   WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee are parties to that certain Employment
Agreement, dated January 1, 1994 and as extended on January 5, 1999 and as such
agreement may be further extended, renewed, amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time (the "Employment Agreement"), whereby the Company
employed the Employee, and the Employee agreed to serve the Company in a senior
executive capacity;

   WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee, in consideration of the consummation
of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the Employee's
continued employment with the Company thereafter, desire to enter into this
Agreement for the purpose of terminating the Employment Agreement in accordance
with the following terms and conditions;

   WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that all terms, conditions,
covenants, undertakings and agreements under the Employment Agreement be
terminated and that Employee's employment with the Company following the
consummation of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall be
as an employee-at-will; and

   WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that as of the Closing of
the Transactions the Employee shall be offered employment with the Company
under the terms set forth in the employment letter attached as Exhibit A hereto
(the "Employment Letter") and subject to the terms of this Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do
hereby agree as follows:

     1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but otherwise
  not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such in the Merger
  Agreement.

     2. Prior Employment Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of
  this Agreement and effective as of the Closing of the Transactions
  contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Employee and the Company
  voluntarily terminate the Employment Agreement and any and all terms,
  conditions, covenants, undertakings and agreements under the Employment
  Agreement arising under and relating to the Employment Agreement.

     3. Release. Effective as of the Closing of the Transactions contemplated
  by the Merger Agreement, the Employee and the Company, forever, fully and
  finally, remise, release, discharge and acquit the other party, their
  respective heirs, successors and assigns and each of their respective
  representatives, directors, officers and employees, whether past, present
  or future, of and from any and all debts, reimbursements, claims, demands,
  causes of action, losses, damages and liabilities to persons or property,
  both contingent and fixed, known and unknown, of every nature, kind and
  character whatsoever, at law or in equity, or otherwise, which arises from,
  or in any manner relates to, the Employment Agreement.

     4. Employment; Employee's Title, Base Salary and Benefits. The parties
  hereto acknowledge and agree that the Employee's employment with the
  Company following the Closing of the Transactions contemplated by the
  Merger Agreement shall be as an employee-at-will. The terms of the of the
  Employee's employment, including salary and benefits are set forth in the
  Employment Letter attached as Exhibit A hereto.

     5. Non-Competition; Non-Disclosure; Non-Solicitation.

       (a) Non-Competition. The Employee agrees that during the period
    commencing on the date of the Closing of the Transactions and ending
    three years after the termination of his employment with the Company
    (the "Non-Competition Period"), he will not, except on behalf of the
    Company or any of its respective affiliates, directly or indirectly,
    whether as an officer, director, stockholder, investor, partner,
    proprietor, business associate, employee, representative or otherwise,
    do any of the following acts: (i) provide services that are competitive
    with the businesses of the Company, or promote, market, or acquire an
    interest in, or associate in a business relationship with, any other
    person, corporation, firm, partnership or other entity whatsoever whose
    business or services are competitive with the businesses or services of
    the Company or (ii) solicit or refer, directly or indirectly, any
    client or prospective clients of the Company or any services and/or
    products that are similar to those offered by the Company to another
    provider of such services, or (iii) promote, market or participate in
    the sale, lease or licensing of any equipment or software by which
    services and/or products similar to those provided by the Company can
    be performed, to, for or with any person, corporation, firm,
    partnership or other entity whatsoever.

       (b) Non-Disclosure. The Employee agrees that he will not at any time
    during and after his employment, disclose, furnish or make accessible
    to any person, corporation, firm, partnership or other entity
    whatsoever (except the Company or any of its respective affiliates), or
    to any officer, director, stockholder, partner, associate, employee,
    agent or representative of any such entity, any trade secrets or
    proprietary information which is not in the public domain (including,
    without limitation, any customer lists, business methods, procedures,
    pricing and marketing structure and strategy, source or object codes,
    experimental or research work, names and addresses of current, former
    and prospective clients or employees, or any other trade secrets,
    technical data, or know-how of any kind) relating to the businesses of
    the Company, Parent or any of their respective affiliates that was
    learned by the Employee at any time during the Employee's employment
    with the Company. Upon termination of the Employee's employment with
    the Company for any reason whatsoever, the

    Employee shall immediately return all documents and notes (including
    all copies thereof) of any and all information and materials belonging
    or relating to the businesses of the Company, Parent or any of their
    respective affiliates (whether or not such materials were prepared by
    the Employee or another person).

       (c) Non-Solicitation. The Employee agrees that he will not, during
    the Non-Competition Period, directly or indirectly, solicit, hire or
    employ, or encourage to leave the employ of the Company, Parent or any
    their respective affiliates, any person who is now or hereafter becomes
    an employee of the Company, Parent or any of their respective
    affiliates until such person has ceased to be an employee of any of
    such companies.

       (d) Injunctive Relief. Employee agrees that a violation of the
    foregoing covenants not to compete, not to disclose and not to solicit
    or hire contained herein will cause irreparable injury to the Company,
    Parent and any of their respective affiliates, and that the Company,
    Parent and their respective affiliates shall be entitled, in addition
    to any other rights and remedies they may have, at law or in equity, to
    an injunction enjoining and restraining the Employee from doing or
    continuing to do any such act and any other violations or threatened
    violations of this paragraph 5.

     6. Employment Forms. At the Company's request, the Employee shall
  complete and execute such other customary employment applications and other
  similar forms that the Company or Parent generally requires of all of its
  employees, provided, however, that, except with respect to the terms and
  conditions pursuant to which stock options may be granted to the Employee,
  in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this
  Agreement and the terms and conditions of any such other employment
  applications or other forms, this Agreement shall take precedence.

     7. Acknowledgments. Employee hereby acknowledges that (i) the agreements
  and covenants contained in this Agreement are essential to protect the
  business and goodwill to be purchased by Parent under the Merger Agreement,
  (ii) as the beneficial owner of 106,889 of outstanding shares of Common
  Stock of the Company he will receive a substantial payment for such shares
  at a price of $22.00 per share and, as a result, the Employee acknowledges
  that he will receive a substantial personal benefit from the Transactions,
  (iii) this Agreement is being signed pursuant to the executive and
  management personnel exception set forth in C.R.S. 8-2-113-(2)(d), (iv)
  Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into the Merger Agreement and
  consummate the Transactions, but for the agreements and covenants of the
  Employee contained in this Agreement and (v) this Agreement is being signed
  pursuant to the purchase and sale exception set forth in C.R.S. 8-2-
  113(2)(a).

     8. Blue Penciling. If any court determines that any of the restrictive
  covenants, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or
  geographical scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to
  reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in
  its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be
  enforced.

     9. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the
  benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and
  assigns. The parties hereto expressly acknowledge and agree that the Parent
  and each of its subsidiaries and any of its or their successors and assigns
  shall be entitled to rely on the terms and provisions of this Agreement as
  a third-party beneficiary.

     10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement
  among the parties relating to the Employee's employment by the Company and
  there are no agreements, understandings or arrangements between the parties
  written or otherwise except as set forth herein. ANY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
  OR ARRANGEMENTS ENTERED INTO PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE ACQUISITION
  BETWEEN THE EMPLOYEE AND THE COMPANY SHALL BE TERMINATED IN ITS ENTIRETY AS
  OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE ACQUISITION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

     11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
  taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
  accordance with the law of the State of Colorado applicable to contracts
  made and to be performed entirely within such State without regard to
  conflict of law principles.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused their duly
authorized officers to execute this Agreement on the day and year first above
written.

                                          Avert, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                             Name: Jamie Burgat
                                             Title:  Vice President of
                                              Operations

                                          Dean A. Suposs

                                          _____________________________________

                              Exhibit A to the Termination and Release Agreement

[DATE]

Mr. Dean A. Suposs
1526 Remington Street
Fort Collins, Colorado 80524

Dear Dean,

   This letter sets forth the terms of our offer of employment with Avert, Inc.
(the "Company"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
("Parent") as Vice President and General Manager -ADP Benefit Services,
currently based in Fort Collins and reporting to me. The components of the
offer are as follows:

  . Base Salary--Your annual salary will be $165,000, paid biweekly at
    $6,346.15. You will be considered annually for a base salary increase in
    accordance with normal Company procedures.

  . Management Bonus--You will be eligible to participate in the Employer
    Services Management Incentive Bonus Program. Your management bonus will
    have a target of $41,250 (i.e., 25% of your base salary) on a full year
    basis and for fiscal year 2002 will be based on a set of performance
    objectives to be determined by the Company at the close of the
    acquisition and when you begin this position. For fiscal year 2002 this
    percentage may be prorated, based on your start date.

  . Stock Options--At our next Stock Option Committee meeting, you will be
    recommended to receive a grant of options to purchase 15,000 shares of
    Parent common stock with an exercise price determined by the Compensation
    Committee at the Fall 2001 meeting. These shares will vest equally over
    five years. These stock options will begin vesting one year from the
    grant date and annually for the remainder of the five-year vesting
    period.

  . Restricted Stock--You will be recommended to receive a grant of 4,500
    shares of restricted stock in Parent. This is a three-year grant with
    one-third (1,500 shares) vesting annually beginning on the first
    anniversary date of the closing of the acquisition.

  . Supplemental Bonus--You will be eligible for a supplemental bonus of
    $100,000 per year for a three year period based on performance against
    plan.

  . Retention Bonus--You will be eligible for a retention bonus of $ $35,000
    per year for a two-year period, based on the anniversary date of the
    close. The first bonus payment will be made one year from the date of the
    close and the second bonus payment on the second anniversary of the
    close.

  . Car Allowance--You will receive a car allowance of $275 per month.

  . Benefits--In addition, you will be entitled to participate in the ADP
    Benefits Program.

  . Termination--If you are asked to leave within the first twelve months
    following the close of the acquisition, you will receive an amount equal
    to twelve months base salary unless there is a violation of ADP's ethics
    policy or just cause for dismissal.

   It is understood that you will be employed as an employee-at-will. Except as
set forth in the Termination and Release Letter and the "Termination" paragraph
of this letter, upon your termination of employment with us, the Company and
you shall have no further rights against or obligations to each other.

   Dean, we are all very excited about the prospects of your joining the ADP
team, and we hope you view this offer as a statement of our confidence in your
skills and ability. We think you can have a substantial impact on the future
direction and business results of ADP Benefit Services, and we all look forward
to working with you.

   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (770) 360-
2068. Again we are truly excited about your joining the ADP team.

                                          Sincerely,

cc: Personnel File

Accepted: ______________________________  Date: _______________

                                                                     Exhibit B-2

                       TERMINATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT
                             (Employment Agreement)

   THIS TERMINATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of the 15th day of June, 2001, by and between AVERT, INC., a
Colorado corporation (the "Company"), and JERRY D. THURBER, an individual
resident of the State of Colorado (the "Employee").

                                  WITNESSETH:

   WHEREAS, AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"Parent"), ADP COLORADO, INC., a Colorado corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and the Company have entered into a Merger
Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to
which, among other things, Parent is acquiring all of the issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (the "Transactions");

   WHEREAS, the Employee, as an Officer and Director of the Company will
receive substantial professional benefit upon the consummation of the
Transactions, including his continued employment by the Company;

   WHEREAS, the Employee would not be entering into this Agreement, if not for
the valuable consideration to be delivered by Parent upon the consummation of
the Transactions;

   WHEREAS, Parent and Merger Sub would not be entering into the Merger
Agreement and would not consummate the Transactions if the Employee was not
simultaneously executing and delivering this Agreement and it is a condition
precedent to Parent's and Merger Sub's obligations to consummate the
Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that the parties hereto shall
have entered into this Agreement;

   WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee are parties to that certain Employment
Agreement, dated June 10, 1996 and as such agreement may be further extended,
renewed, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the
"Employment Agreement"), whereby the Company employed the Employee, and the
Employee agreed to serve the Company, as Director of Information Technology;

   WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee, in consideration of the consummation
of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the Employee's
continued employment with the Company thereafter, desire to enter into this
Agreement for the purpose of terminating the Employment Agreement in accordance
with the following terms and conditions;

   WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that all terms, conditions,
covenants, undertakings and agreements under the Employment Agreement be
terminated and that Employee's employment with the Company following the
consummation of the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall be
as an employee-at-will; and

   WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that as of the Closing of
the Transactions the Employee shall be offered employment with the Company
under the terms set forth in the employment letter attached as Exhibit A hereto
(the "Employment Letter") and subject to the terms of this Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do
hereby agree as follows:

     1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but otherwise
  not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such in the Merger
  Agreement.

     2. Prior Employment Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of
  this Agreement and effective as of the Closing of the Transactions
  contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Employee and the Company
  voluntarily terminate the Employment Agreement and any and all terms,
  conditions, covenants, undertakings and agreements under the Employment
  Agreement arising under and relating to the Employment Agreement.

     3. Release. Effective as of the Closing of the Transactions contemplated
  by the Merger Agreement, the Employee and the Company, forever, fully and
  finally, remise, release, discharge and acquit the other party, their
  respective heirs, successors and assigns and each of their respective
  representatives, directors, officers and employees, whether past, present
  or future, of and from any and all debts, reimbursements, claims, demands,
  causes of action, losses, damages and liabilities to persons or property,
  both contingent and fixed, known and unknown, of every nature, kind and
  character whatsoever, at law or in equity, or otherwise, which arises from,
  or in any manner relates to, the Employment Agreement.

     4. Employment; Employee's Title, Base Salary and Benefits. The parties
  hereto acknowledge and agree that the Employee's employment with the
  Company following the Closing of the Transactions contemplated by the
  Merger Agreement shall be as an employee-at-will. The terms of the of the
  Employee's employment, including salary and benefits are set forth in the
  Employment Letter attached as Exhibit A hereto.

     5. Non-Competition; Non-Disclosure; Non-Solicitation.

       (a) Non-Competition. The Employee agrees that during the period
    commencing on the date of the Closing of the Transactions and ending
    three years after the termination of his employment with the Company
    (the "Non-Competition Period"), he will not, except on behalf of the
    Company or any of its respective affiliates, directly or indirectly,
    whether as an officer, director, stockholder, investor, partner,
    proprietor, business associate, employee, representative or otherwise,
    do any of the following acts: (i) provide services that are competitive
    with the businesses of the Company, or promote, market, or acquire an
    interest in, or associate in a business relationship with, any other
    person, corporation, firm, partnership or other entity whatsoever whose
    business or services are competitive with the businesses or services of
    the Company or (ii) solicit or refer, directly or indirectly, any
    client or prospective clients of the Company or any services and/or
    products that are similar to those offered by the Company to another
    provider of such services, or (iii) promote, market or participate in
    the sale, lease or licensing of any equipment or software by which
    services and/or products similar to those provided by the Company can
    be performed, to, for or with any person, corporation, firm,
    partnership or other entity whatsoever.

       (b) Non-Disclosure. The Employee agrees that he will not, at any
    time during or after his employment, disclose, furnish or make
    accessible to any person, corporation, firm, partnership or other
    entity whatsoever (except the Company or any of its respective
    affiliates), or to any officer, director, stockholder, partner,
    associate, employee, agent or representative of any such entity, any
    trade secrets or proprietary information which is not in the public
    domain (including, without limitation, any customer lists, business
    methods, procedures, pricing and marketing structure and strategy,
    source or object codes, experimental or research work, names and
    addresses of current, former and prospective clients or employees, or
    any other trade secrets, technical data, or know-how of any kind)
    relating to the businesses of the Company, Parent or any of their
    respective affiliates that was learned by the Employee at any time
    during the Employee's employment with the Company. Upon termination of
    the Employee's employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever,
    the

    Employee shall immediately return all documents and notes (including
    all copies thereof) of any and all information and materials belonging
    or relating to the businesses of the Company, Parent or any of their
    respective affiliates (whether or not such materials were prepared by
    the Employee or another person).

       (c) Non-Solicitation. The Employee agrees that he will not, during
    the Non-Competition Period, directly or indirectly, solicit, hire or
    employ, or encourage to leave the employ of the Company, Parent or any
    their respective affiliates, any person who is now or hereafter becomes
    an employee of the Company, Parent or any of their respective
    affiliates until such person has ceased to be an employee of any of
    such companies.

       (d) Injunctive Relief. Employee agrees that a violation of the
    foregoing covenants not to compete, not to disclose and not to solicit
    or hire contained herein will cause irreparable injury to the Company,
    Parent and any of their respective affiliates, and that the Company,
    Parent and their respective affiliates shall be entitled, in addition
    to any other rights and remedies they may have, at law or in equity, to
    an injunction enjoining and restraining the Employee from doing or
    continuing to do any such act and any other violations or threatened
    violations of this paragraph 5.

     6. Employment Forms. At the Company's request, the Employee shall
  complete and execute such other customary employment applications and other
  similar forms that the Company or Parent generally requires of all of its
  employees, provided, however, that, except with respect to the terms and
  conditions pursuant to which stock options may be granted to the Employee,
  in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this
  Agreement and the terms and conditions of any such other employment
  applications or other forms, this Agreement shall take precedence.

     7. Acknowledgments. Employee hereby acknowledges that (i) the agreements
  and covenants contained in this Agreement are essential to protect the
  business and goodwill to be purchased by Parent under the Merger Agreement,
  (ii) this Agreement is being signed pursuant to the executive and
  management personnel exception set forth in C.R.S. 8-2-113-(2)(d), (iii)
  Parent and Merger Sub would not enter into the Merger Agreement and
  consummate the Transactions, but for the agreements and covenants of
  Employee contained in this Agreement and (iv) this Agreement is being
  signed pursuant to the purchase and sale exception set forth in C.R.S. 8-2-
  113(2)(a).

     8. Blue Penciling. If any court determines that any of the restrictive
  covenants, or any part thereof, is unenforceable because of the duration or
  geographical scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to
  reduce the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, and, in
  its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be
  enforced.

     9. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the
  benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and
  assigns. The parties hereto expressly acknowledge and agree that the Parent
  and each of its subsidiaries and any of its or their successors and assigns
  shall be entitled to rely on the terms and provisions of this Agreement as
  a third-party beneficiary.

     10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement
  among the parties relating to the Employee's employment by the Company and
  there are no agreements, understandings or arrangements between the parties
  written or otherwise except as set forth herein. ANY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
  OR ARRANGEMENTS ENTERED INTO PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE ACQUISITION
  BETWEEN THE EMPLOYEE AND THE COMPANY SHALL BE TERMINATED IN ITS ENTIRETY AS
  OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE ACQUISITION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

     11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
  taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
  accordance with the law of the State of Colorado applicable to contracts
  made and to be performed entirely within such State without regard to
  conflict of law principles.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused their duly
authorized officers to execute this Agreement on the day and year first above
written.

                                          Avert, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                             Name: Dean A. Suposs
                                             Title: President

                                          Jerry D. Thurber

                                          _____________________________________

                                                                Exhibit A to the
                                               Termination and Release Agreement

[DATE]

Mr. Jerry D. Thurber
9893 West 86th Avenue
Arvada, CO 80005

Dear Jerry,

   This letter sets forth the terms of our offer of employment with Avert, Inc.
(the "Company"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
("Parent") as Vice President--Client & Technology Services--ADP Benefit
Services, currently based in Fort Collins and reporting to Dean Suposs. The
components of the offer are as follows:

  . Base Salary--Your annual salary will be $135,000, paid biweekly at
    $5,192.30. You will be considered annually for a base salary increase in
    accordance with normal Company procedures.

  . Management Bonus--You will be eligible to participate in the Employer
    Services Management Incentive Bonus Program. Your management bonus will
    have a target of $27,000 (i.e., 20% of your base salary) on a full year
    basis and for fiscal year 2002 will be based on a set of performance
    objectives to be determined by the Company at the close of the
    acquisition and when you begin this position. For fiscal year 2002 this
    percentage may be prorated, based on your start date.

  . Stock Options--At our next Stock Option Committee meeting, you will be
    recommended to receive a grant of options to purchase 3,000 shares of
    Parent common stock with an exercise price determined by the Compensation
    Committee at the Fall 2001 meeting. These shares will vest equally over
    five years. These stock options will begin vesting one year from the
    grant date and annually for the remainder of the five-year vesting
    period.

  . Retention Bonus--You will be eligible for a retention bonus of $25,000
    per year for a two-year period, based on the anniversary date of the
    close. The first bonus payment will be made one year from the date of the
    close and the second bonus payment on the second anniversary of the
    close.

  . Benefits--In addition, you will be entitled to participate in the ADP
    Benefits Program.

  . Termination--If you are asked to leave within the first twelve months
    following the close of the acquisition, you will receive an amount equal
    to six months base salary unless there is a violation of ADP's ethics
    policy or just cause for dismissal.

   It is understood that you will be employed as an employee-at-will. Except as
set forth in the Termination and Release Agreement and the "Termination"
paragraph of this letter, upon your termination of employment with us, the
Company and you shall have no further rights against or obligations to each
other.

   Jerry, we are all very excited about the prospects of your joining the ADP
team, and we hope you view this offer as a statement of our confidence in your
skills and ability. We think you can have a substantial impact on the future
direction and business results of ADP Benefit Services, and we all look forward
to working with you.

   If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me at (770) 360-
2068. Again we are truly excited about your joining the ADP team.

                                          Sincerely,

cc: Personnel File

Accepted: ____________________                       Date: ____________________

                                                                       Exhibit C

                                 PLAN OF MERGER
                               FOR THE MERGER OF
                               ADP COLORADO, INC.
                                      INTO
                                  AVERT, INC.

   THIS PLAN OF MERGER ("Plan of Merger") dated as of June 15, 2001 is by and
among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), ADP
Colorado, Inc., a Colorado corporation ("Merger Sub"), and Avert, Inc., a
Colorado corporation (the "Company"). Merger Sub and the Company are
hereinafter sometimes called the "Constituent Corporations."

   WHEREAS, the board of directors of each of the Constituent Corporations
deems it advisable and generally to the advantage and welfare of said
corporation and its shareholders that Merger Sub be merged into the Company
(the "Merger"); and

   WHEREAS, the shareholders of each of the Constituent Corporations have
approved the plans, terms and conditions of the Merger.

   NOW, THEREFORE, the Constituent Corporations agree that Merger Sub will be
merged into the Company and that the plans, terms and conditions of the Merger
shall be as follows:

     1. The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2), Merger
  Sub shall be merged into the Company and the separate existence of Merger
  Sub shall thereupon cease, and the Company will continue as the surviving
  corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").

     2. Effective Time of the Merger. The Merger will become effective upon
  the filing of Articles of Merger in accordance with Section 7-111-105 of
  the Colorado Business Corporation Act. When used in this Plan of Merger,
  the term "Effective Time" shall mean the date and time at which such
  Articles of Merger are filed.

     3. Articles of Incorporation; By-Laws; Directors and Officers. At and
  after the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation and the By-laws of
  the Surviving Corporation shall be the Articles of Incorporation and the
  By-laws of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time. The Articles
  of Incorporation and the By-laws of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
  Effective Time are attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. At
  and after the Effective Time, the directors and officers of Merger Sub
  immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the directors and officers
  of the Surviving Corporation, until their successors are thereafter duly
  elected and qualified.

     4. Conversion of Shares. Each share (each a "Company Share" and together
  the "Company Shares") of common stock, without par value, of the Company
  (the "Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to
  the Effective Time (other than Company Shares owned by the Company) shall
  be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for $22.00
  in cash (the "Merger Consideration"), without interest thereon. At the
  Effective Time, all Company Shares shall no longer be outstanding, shall be
  canceled and retired and shall cease to exist.

     5. Principal Office of Surviving Corporation. The principal office of
  the Surviving Corporation is One ADP Boulevard, Roseland, New Jersey 07068.

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Plan of Merger have caused this Plan
of Merger to be executed on the day and year first written above.

                                          Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:

                                          Adp Colorado, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:

                                          Avert, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:

                                                                         Annex B

                                 PLAN OF MERGER
                               FOR THE MERGER OF
                               ADP COLORADO, INC.
                                      INTO
                                  AVERT, INC.

   THIS PLAN OF MERGER ("Plan of Merger") dated as of June 15, 2001 is by and
among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), ADP
Colorado, Inc., a Colorado corporation ("Merger Sub"), and Avert, Inc., a
Colorado corporation (the "Company"). Merger Sub and the Company are
hereinafter sometimes called the "Constituent Corporations."

   WHEREAS, the board of directors of each of the Constituent Corporations
deems it advisable and generally to the advantage and welfare of said
corporation and its shareholders that Merger Sub be merged into the Company
(the "Merger"); and

   WHEREAS, the shareholders of each of the Constituent Corporations have
approved the plans, terms and conditions of the Merger.

   NOW, THEREFORE, the Constituent Corporations agree that Merger Sub will be
merged into the Company and that the plans, terms and conditions of the Merger
shall be as follows:

     1. The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2), Merger
  Sub shall be merged into the Company and the separate existence of Merger
  Sub shall thereupon cease, and the Company will continue as the surviving
  corporation (the "Surviving Corporation").

     2. Effective Time of the Merger. The Merger will become effective upon
  the filing of Articles of Merger in accordance with Section 7-111-105 of
  the Colorado Business Corporation Act. When used in this Plan of Merger,
  the term "Effective Time" shall mean the date and time at which such
  Articles of Merger are filed.

     3. Articles of Incorporation; By-Laws; Directors and Officers. At and
  after the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation and the By-laws of
  the Surviving Corporation shall be the Articles of Incorporation and the
  By-laws of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time. The Articles
  of Incorporation and the By-laws of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
  Effective Time are attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. At
  and after the Effective Time, the directors and officers of Merger Sub
  immediately prior to the Effective Time will be the directors and officers
  of the Surviving Corporation, until their successors are thereafter duly
  elected and qualified.

     4. Conversion of Shares. Each share (each a "Company Share" and together
  the "Company Shares") of common stock, without par value, of the Company
  (the "Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to
  the Effective Time (other than Company Shares owned by the Company) shall
  be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for $22.00
  in cash (the "Merger Consideration"), without interest thereon. At the
  Effective Time, all Company Shares shall no longer be outstanding, shall be
  canceled and retired and shall cease to exist.

     5. Principal Office of Surviving Corporation. The principal office of
  the Surviving Corporation is One ADP Boulevard, Roseland, New Jersey 07068.

                                      B-1

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Plan of Merger have caused this Plan
of Merger to be executed on the day and year first written above.

                                          Automatic Data Processing, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                              Name:
                                              Title:

                                          Adp Colorado, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                              Name:
                                              Title:

                                          Avert, Inc.

                                          By: _________________________________
                                              Name:
                                              Title:

                                      B-2

                                                                        Annex C

                           COLORADO REVISED STATUTES

                                    TITLE 7
                  CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATIONS CORPORATIONS
                        COLORADO BUSINESS CORPORATIONS
                        ARTICLE 113. DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

7-113-101. Definitions

   For purposes of this article:

     (1) "Beneficial shareholder" means the beneficial owner of shares held
  in a voting trust or by a nominee as the record shareholder.

     (2) "Corporation" means the issuer of the shares held by a dissenter
  before the corporate action, or the surviving or acquiring domestic or
  foreign corporation, by merger or share exchange of that issuer.

     (3) "Dissenter" means a shareholder who is entitled to dissent from
  corporate action under section 7-113-102 and who exercises that right at
  the time and in the manner required by part 2 of this article.

     (4) "Fair value", with respect to a dissenter's shares, means the value
  of the shares immediately before the effective date of the corporate action
  to which the dissenter objects, excluding any appreciation or depreciation
  in anticipation of the corporate action except to the extent that exclusion
  would be inequitable.

     (5) "Interest" means interest from the effective date of the corporate
  action until the date of payment, at the average rate currently paid by the
  corporation on its principal bank loans or, if none, at the legal rate as
  specified in section 5-12-101, C.R.S.

     (6) "Record shareholder" means the person in whose name shares are
  registered in the records of a corporation or the beneficial owner of
  shares that are registered in the name of a nominee to the extent such
  owner is recognized by the corporation as the shareholder as provided in
  section 7-107-204.

7-113-102. Right to dissent

   (1) A shareholder, whether or not entitled to vote, is entitled to dissent
and obtain payment of the fair value of the shareholder's shares in the event
of any of the following corporate actions:

     (a) Consummation of a plan of merger to which the corporation is a party
  if:

       (I) Approval by the shareholders of that corporation is required for
    the merger by section 7-111-103 or 7-111-104 or by the articles of
    incorporation; or

       (II) The corporation is a subsidiary that is merged with its parent
    corporation under section 7-111-104;

     (b) Consummation of a plan of share exchange to which the corporation is
  a party as the corporation whose shares will be acquired;

     (c) Consummation of a sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of
  all, or substantially all, of the property of the corporation for which a
  shareholder vote is required under section 7-112-102 (1); and

     (d) Consummation of a sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of
  all, or substantially all, of the property of an entity controlled by the
  corporation if the shareholders of the corporation were entitled to vote
  upon the consent of the corporation to the disposition pursuant to section
  7-112-102 (2).

                                      C-1

   (1.3) A shareholder is not entitled to dissent and obtain payment, under
subsection (1) of this section, of the fair value of the shares of any class
or series of shares which either were listed on a national securities exchange
registered under the federal "Securities Exchange Act of 1934", as amended, or
on the national market system of the national association of securities
dealers automated quotation system, or were held of record by more than two
thousand shareholders, at the time of:

     (a) The record date fixed under section 7-107-107 to determine the
  shareholders entitled to receive notice of the shareholders' meeting at
  which the corporate action is submitted to a vote;

     (b) The record date fixed under section 7-107-104 to determine
  shareholders entitled to sign writings consenting to the corporate action;
  or

     (c) The effective date of the corporate action if the corporate action
  is authorized other than by a vote of shareholders.

   (1.8) The limitation set forth in subsection (1.3) of this section shall
not apply if the shareholder will receive for the shareholder's shares,
pursuant to the corporate action, anything except:

     (a) Shares of the corporation surviving the consummation of the plan of
  merger or share exchange;

     (b) Shares of any other corporation which at the effective date of the
  plan of merger or share exchange either will be listed on a national
  securities exchange registered under the federal "Securities Exchange Act
  of 1934", as amended, or on the national market system of the national
  association of securities dealers automated quotation system, or will be
  held of record by more than two thousand shareholders;

     (c) Cash in lieu of fractional shares; or

     (d) Any combination of the foregoing described shares or cash in lieu of
  fractional shares.

   (2) (Deleted by amendment, L. 96, p. 1321, (S) 30, effective June 1, 1996.)

   (2.5) A shareholder, whether or not entitled to vote, is entitled to
dissent and obtain payment of the fair value of the shareholder's shares in
the event of a reverse split that reduces the number of shares owned by the
shareholder to a fraction of a share or to scrip if the fractional share or
scrip so created is to be acquired for cash or the scrip is to be voided under
section 7-106-104.

   (3) A shareholder is entitled to dissent and obtain payment of the fair
value of the shareholder's shares in the event of any corporate action to the
extent provided by the bylaws or a resolution of the board of directors.

   (4) A shareholder entitled to dissent and obtain payment for the
shareholder's shares under this article may not challenge the corporate action
creating such entitlement unless the action is unlawful or fraudulent with
respect to the shareholder or the corporation.

7-113-103. Dissent by nominees and beneficial owners

   (1) A record shareholder may assert dissenters' rights as to fewer than all
the shares registered in the record shareholder's name only if the record
shareholder dissents with respect to all shares beneficially owned by any one
person and causes the corporation to receive written notice which states such
dissent and the name, address, and federal taxpayer identification number, if
any, of each person on whose behalf the record shareholder asserts dissenters'
rights. The rights of a record shareholder under this subsection (1) are
determined as if the shares as to which the record shareholder dissents and
the other shares of the record shareholder were registered in the names of
different shareholders.

   (2) A beneficial shareholder may assert dissenters' rights as to the shares
held on the beneficial shareholder's behalf only if:

     (a) The beneficial shareholder causes the corporation to receive the
  record shareholder's written consent to the dissent not later than the time
  the beneficial shareholder asserts dissenters' rights; and

                                      C-2

     (b) The beneficial shareholder dissents with respect to all shares
  beneficially owned by the beneficial shareholder.

   (3) The corporation may require that, when a record shareholder dissents
with respect to the shares held by any one or more beneficial shareholders,
each such beneficial shareholder must certify to the corporation that the
beneficial shareholder and the record shareholder or record shareholders of all
shares owned beneficially by the beneficial shareholder have asserted, or will
timely assert, dissenters' rights as to all such shares as to which there is no
limitation on the ability to exercise dissenters' rights. Any such requirement
shall be stated in the dissenters' notice given pursuant to section 7-113-203.

7-113-201. Notice of dissenters' rights

   (1) If a proposed corporate action creating dissenters' rights under section
7-113-102 is submitted to a vote at a shareholders' meeting, the notice of the
meeting shall be given to all shareholders, whether or not entitled to vote.
The notice shall state that shareholders are or may be entitled to assert
dissenters' rights under this article and shall be accompanied by a copy of
this article and the materials, if any, that, under articles 101 to 117 of this
title, are required to be given to shareholders entitled to vote on the
proposed action at the meeting. Failure to give notice as provided by this
subsection (1) shall not affect any action taken at the shareholders' meeting
for which the notice was to have been given, but any shareholder who was
entitled to dissent but who was not given such notice shall not be precluded
from demanding payment for the shareholder's shares under this article by
reason of the shareholder's failure to comply with the provisions of section 7-
113-202 (1).

   (2) If a proposed corporate action creating dissenters' rights under section
7-113-102 is authorized without a meeting of shareholders pursuant to section
7-107-104, any written or oral solicitation of a shareholder to execute a
writing consenting to such action contemplated in section 7-107-104 shall be
accompanied or preceded by a written notice stating that shareholders are or
may be entitled to assert dissenters' rights under this article, by a copy of
this article, and by the materials, if any, that, under articles 101 to 117 of
this title, would have been required to be given to shareholders entitled to
vote on the proposed action if the proposed action were submitted to a vote at
a shareholders' meeting. Failure to give notice as provided by this subsection
(2) shall not affect any action taken pursuant to section 7-107-104 for which
the notice was to have been given, but any shareholder who was entitled to
dissent but who was not given such notice shall not be precluded from demanding
payment for the shareholder's shares under this article by reason of the
shareholder's failure to comply with the provisions of section 7-113-202 (2).

7-113-202. Notice of intent to demand payment

   (1) If a proposed corporate action creating dissenters' rights under section
7-113-102 is submitted to a vote at a shareholders' meeting and if notice of
dissenters' rights has been given to such shareholder in connection with the
action pursuant to section 7-113-201 (1), a shareholder who wishes to assert
dissenters' rights shall:

     (a) Cause the corporation to receive, before the vote is taken, written
  notice of the shareholder's intention to demand payment for the
  shareholder's shares if the proposed corporate action is effectuated; and

     (b) Not vote the shares in favor of the proposed corporate action.

   (2) If a proposed corporate action creating dissenters' rights under section
7-113-102 is authorized without a meeting of shareholders pursuant to section
7-107-104 and if notice of dissenters' rights has been given to such
shareholder in connection with the action pursuant to section 7-113-201 (2), a
shareholder who wishes to assert dissenters' rights shall not execute a writing
consenting to the proposed corporate action.

   (3) A shareholder who does not satisfy the requirements of subsection (1) or
(2) of this section is not entitled to demand payment for the shareholder's
shares under this article.

                                      C-3

7-113-203. Dissenters' notice

   (1) If a proposed corporate action creating dissenters' rights under
section 7-113-102 is authorized, the corporation shall give a written
dissenters' notice to all shareholders who are entitled to demand payment for
their shares under this article.

   (2) The dissenters' notice required by subsection (1) of this section shall
be given no later than ten days after the effective date of the corporate
action creating dissenters' rights under section 7-113-102 and shall:

     (a) State that the corporate action was authorized and state the
  effective date or proposed effective date of the corporate action;

     (b) State an address at which the corporation will receive payment
  demands and the address of a place where certificates for certificated
  shares must be deposited;

     (c) Inform holders of uncertificated shares to what extent transfer of
  the shares will be restricted after the payment demand is received;

     (d) Supply a form for demanding payment, which form shall request a
  dissenter to state an address to which payment is to be made;

     (e) Set the date by which the corporation must receive the payment
  demand and certificates for certificated shares, which date shall not be
  less than thirty days after the date the notice required by subsection (1)
  of this section is given;

     (f) State the requirement contemplated in section 7-113-103 (3), if such
  requirement is imposed; and

     (g) Be accompanied by a copy of this article.

7-113-204. Procedure to demand payment

   (1) A shareholder who is given a dissenters' notice pursuant to section 7-
113-203 and who wishes to assert dissenters' rights shall, in accordance with
the terms of the dissenters' notice:

     (a) Cause the corporation to receive a payment demand, which may be the
  payment demand form contemplated in section 7-113-203 (2) (d), duly
  completed, or may be stated in another writing; and

     (b) Deposit the shareholder's certificates for certificated shares.

   (2) A shareholder who demands payment in accordance with subsection (1) of
this section retains all rights of a shareholder, except the right to transfer
the shares, until the effective date of the proposed corporate action giving
rise to the shareholder's exercise of dissenters' rights and has only the
right to receive payment for the shares after the effective date of such
corporate action.

   (3) Except as provided in section 7-113-207 or 7-113-209 (1) (b), the
demand for payment and deposit of certificates are irrevocable.

   (4) A shareholder who does not demand payment and deposit the shareholder's
share certificates as required by the date or dates set in the dissenters'
notice is not entitled to payment for the shares under this article.

7-113-205. Uncertificated shares

   (1) Upon receipt of a demand for payment under section 7-113-204 from a
shareholder holding uncertificated shares, and in lieu of the deposit of
certificates representing the shares, the corporation may restrict the
transfer thereof.

   (2) In all other respects, the provisions of section 7-113-204 shall be
applicable to shareholders who own uncertificated shares.

                                      C-4

7-113-206. Payment

   (1) Except as provided in section 7-113-208, upon the effective date of the
corporate action creating dissenters' rights under section 7-113-102 or upon
receipt of a payment demand pursuant to section 7-113-204, whichever is later,
the corporation shall pay each dissenter who complied with section 7-113-204,
at the address stated in the payment demand, or if no such address is stated in
the payment demand, at the address shown on the corporation's current record of
shareholders for the record shareholder holding the dissenter's shares, the
amount the corporation estimates to be the fair value of the dissenter's
shares, plus accrued interest.

   (2) The payment made pursuant to subsection (1) of this section shall be
accompanied by:

     (a) The corporation's balance sheet as of the end of its most recent
  fiscal year or, if that is not available, the corporation's balance sheet
  as of the end of a fiscal year ending not more than sixteen months before
  the date of payment, an income statement for that year, and, if the
  corporation customarily provides such statements to shareholders, a
  statement of changes in shareholders' equity for that year and a statement
  of cash flow for that year, which balance sheet and statements shall have
  been audited if the corporation customarily provides audited financial
  statements to shareholders, as well as the latest available financial
  statements, if any, for the interim or full-year period, which financial
  statements need not be audited;

     (b) A statement of the corporation's estimate of the fair value of the
  shares;

     (c) An explanation of how the interest was calculated;

     (d) A statement of the dissenter's right to demand payment under section
  7-113-209; and

     (e) A copy of this article.

7-113-207. Failure to take action

   (1) If the effective date of the corporate action creating dissenters'
rights under section 7-113-102 does not occur within sixty days after the date
set by the corporation by which the corporation must receive the payment demand
as provided in section 7-113-203, the corporation shall return the deposited
certificates and release the transfer restrictions imposed on uncertificated
shares.

   (2) If the effective date of the corporate action creating dissenters'
rights under section 7-113-102 occurs more than sixty days after the date set
by the corporation by which the corporation must receive the payment demand as
provided in section 7-113-203, then the corporation shall send a new
dissenters' notice, as provided in section 7-113-203, and the provisions of
sections 7-113-204 to 7-113-209 shall again be applicable.

7-113-208. Special provisions relating to shares acquired after announcement of
proposed corporate action

   (1) The corporation may, in or with the dissenters' notice given pursuant to
section 7-113-203, state the date of the first announcement to news media or to
shareholders of the terms of the proposed corporate action creating dissenters'
rights under section 7-113-102 and state that the dissenter shall certify in
writing, in or with the dissenter's payment demand under section 7-113-204,
whether or not the dissenter (or the person on whose behalf dissenters' rights
are asserted) acquired beneficial ownership of the shares before that date.
With respect to any dissenter who does not so certify in writing, in or with
the payment demand, that the dissenter or the person on whose behalf the
dissenter asserts dissenters' rights acquired beneficial ownership of the
shares before such date, the corporation may, in lieu of making the payment
provided in section 7-113-206, offer to make such payment if the dissenter
agrees to accept it in full satisfaction of the demand.

   (2) An offer to make payment under subsection (1) of this section shall
include or be accompanied by the information required by section 7-113-206 (2).

                                      C-5

7-113-209. Procedure if dissenter is dissatisfied with payment or offer

   (1) A dissenter may give notice to the corporation in writing of the
dissenter's estimate of the fair value of the dissenter's shares and of the
amount of interest due and may demand payment of such estimate, less any
payment made under section 7-113-206, or reject the corporation's offer under
section 7-113-208 and demand payment of the fair value of the shares and
interest due, if:

     (a) The dissenter believes that the amount paid under section 7-113-206
  or offered under section 7-113-208 is less than the fair value of the
  shares or that the interest due was incorrectly calculated;

     (b) The corporation fails to make payment under section 7-113-206 within
  sixty days after the date set by the corporation by which the corporation
  must receive the payment demand; or

     (c) The corporation does not return the deposited certificates or
  release the transfer restrictions imposed on uncertificated shares as
  required by section 7-113-207 (1).

   (2) A dissenter waives the right to demand payment under this section unless
the dissenter causes the corporation to receive the notice required by
subsection (1) of this section within thirty days after the corporation made or
offered payment for the dissenter's shares.

7-113-301. Court action

   (1) If a demand for payment under section 7-113-209 remains unresolved, the
corporation may, within sixty days after receiving the payment demand, commence
a proceeding and petition the court to determine the fair value of the shares
and accrued interest. If the corporation does not commence the proceeding
within the sixty-day period, it shall pay to each dissenter whose demand
remains unresolved the amount demanded.

   (2) The corporation shall commence the proceeding described in subsection
(1) of this section in the district court of the county in this state where the
corporation's principal office is located or, if the corporation has no
principal office in this state, in the district court of the county in which
its registered office is located. If the corporation is a foreign corporation
without a registered office, it shall commence the proceeding in the county
where the registered office of the domestic corporation merged into, or whose
shares were acquired by, the foreign corporation was located.

   (3) The corporation shall make all dissenters, whether or not residents of
this state, whose demands remain unresolved parties to the proceeding commenced
under subsection (2) of this section as in an action against their shares, and
all parties shall be served with a copy of the petition. Service on each
dissenter shall be by registered or certified mail, to the address stated in
such dissenter's payment demand, or if no such address is stated in the payment
demand, at the address shown on the corporation's current record of
shareholders for the record shareholder holding the dissenter's shares, or as
provided by law.

   (4) The jurisdiction of the court in which the proceeding is commenced under
subsection (2) of this section is plenary and exclusive. The court may appoint
one or more persons as appraisers to receive evidence and recommend a decision
on the question of fair value. The appraisers have the powers described in the
order appointing them, or in any amendment to such order. The parties to the
proceeding are entitled to the same discovery rights as parties in other civil
proceedings.

   (5) Each dissenter made a party to the proceeding commenced under subsection
(2) of this section is entitled to judgment for the amount, if any, by which
the court finds the fair value of the dissenter's shares, plus interest,
exceeds the amount paid by the corporation, or for the fair value, plus
interest, of the dissenter's shares for which the corporation elected to
withhold payment under section 7-113-208.

7-113-302. Court costs and counsel fees

   (1) The court in an appraisal proceeding commenced under section 7-113-301
shall determine all costs of the proceeding, including the reasonable
compensation and expenses of appraisers appointed by the court. The

                                      C-6

court shall assess the costs against the corporation; except that the court may
assess costs against all or some of the dissenters, in amounts the court finds
equitable, to the extent the court finds the dissenters acted arbitrarily,
vexatiously, or not in good faith in demanding payment under section 7-113-209.

   (2) The court may also assess the fees and expenses of counsel and experts
for the respective parties, in amounts the court finds equitable:

     (a) Against the corporation and in favor of any dissenters if the court
  finds the corporation did not substantially comply with the requirements of
  part 2 of this article; or

     (b) Against either the corporation or one or more dissenters, in favor
  of any other party, if the court finds that the party against whom the fees
  and expenses are assessed acted arbitrarily, vexatiously, or not in good
  faith with respect to the rights provided by this article.

   (3) If the court finds that the services of counsel for any dissenter were
of substantial benefit to other dissenters similarly situated, and that the
fees for those services should not be assessed against the corporation, the
court may award to said counsel reasonable fees to be paid out of the amounts
awarded to the dissenters who were benefitted.

                                      C-7

                                                                         Annex D

[LOGO]

                                Lehman Brothers

                                                                   June 15, 2001

Board of Directors
Avert, Inc.
301 Remington Street
Fort Collins, CO 80524

Members of the Board:

   We understand that Avert, Inc. ("Avert" or the "Company") proposes to enter
into an agreement with Automatic Data Processing, Inc. ("ADP") pursuant to
which a wholly owned subsidiary of ADP ("Merger Sub") will merge with the
Company (the "Merger" or the "Proposed Transaction"). Upon effectiveness of the
Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common share of the Company will
be converted into the right to receive $22.00 in cash. The terms and conditions
of the Proposed Transaction are set forth in more detail in the Agreement and
Plan of Merger dated June 15, 2001 among Avert, ADP, and Merger Sub (the
"Agreement").

   We have been requested by the Board of Directors of the Company to render
our opinion with respect to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to
the Company's shareholders of the consideration to be offered to such
shareholders in the Proposed Transaction. We have not been requested to opine
as to, and our opinion does not in any manner address, the Company's underlying
business decision to proceed with or effect the Proposed Transaction.

   In arriving at our opinion, we reviewed and analyzed: (1) the Agreement and
the specific terms of the Proposed Transaction, (2) publicly available
information concerning the Company that we believe to be relevant to our
analysis, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2000 and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, (3) financial and operating information
with respect to the business, operations and prospects of the Company furnished
to us by the Company, (4) a trading history of the Company's common share from
June 13, 1998 to June 13, 2001 and a comparison of that trading history with
those of other companies that we deemed relevant, (5) a comparison of the
historical financial results and present financial condition of the Company
with those of other companies that we deemed relevant, (6) the results of
efforts to solicit indications of interest from third parties with respect to a
purchase of the Company, and (7) a comparison of the financial terms of the
Proposed Transaction with the financial terms of certain other transactions
that we deemed relevant. In addition, we have had discussions with the
management of the Company concerning its business, operations, assets,
financial condition and prospects and have undertaken such other studies,
analyses and investigations as we deemed appropriate.

   In arriving at our opinion, we have assumed and relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of the financial and other information used by us without assuming
any responsibility for independent verification of such information and have
further relied upon the assurances of management of the Company that they are
not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such information
inaccurate or misleading. With respect to the financial projections of the
Company, upon advice of the Company we have assumed that such projections have
been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the management of the Company as to the future
financial performance of the Company and that the Company will perform
substantially in accordance with such projections. In arriving at our opinion,
we have conducted only a limited physical inspection of the properties and
facilities of the Company and have not made or obtained any evaluations or
appraisals of the assets or liabilities of the Company. Our opinion necessarily
is based upon market, economic and other conditions as they exist on, and can
be evaluated as of, the date of this letter.

                                      D-1

   Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion as of the
date hereof that, from a financial point of view, the consideration to be
offered to the shareholders of the Company in the Proposed Transaction is fair
to such shareholders.

   We have acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the
Proposed Transaction and will receive a fee for our services which is
contingent upon the consummation of the Proposed Transaction. In addition, the
Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities that may arise out
of the rendering of this opinion. We also have provided investment banking
services to ADP in the past and received customary fees for such services.
Harvey Krueger, a Vice Chairman of Lehman Brothers, is a director of ADP. In
the ordinary course of our business, we actively trade in the equity securities
of the Company for our own account and for the accounts of our customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

   This opinion is for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of the
Company and is rendered to the Board of Directors in connection with its
consideration of the Proposed Transaction. This opinion is not intended to be
and does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of the Company as
to how such shareholder should vote with respect to the Proposed Transaction.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Lehman Brothers

                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Managing Director

                                      D-2

                                     PROXY

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  AVERT, INC.
              PROXY SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                      RECEIPT OF NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING
                   AND PROXY STATEMENT HEREBY IS ACKNOWLEDGED

The undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints Dean A. Suposs and Jamie M.
Burgat, and each of them, with full power of substitution, as proxies to vote
on behalf of the undersigned all shares which the undersigned may be entitled
to vote at the Special Meeting of Shareholders to be held at the offices of
Baker & Hostetler LLP, 303 East 17th Avenue, Suite 1100, Denver, Colorado, on
August 10, 2001, at 9:00 a.m., local time, and at any adjournment or
adjournments thereof, upon the following:

1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and
   Plan of Merger dated as of June 15, 2001, among Avert, Inc., Automatic Data
   Processing, Inc. and ADP Colorado, Inc., and the related Plan of Merger,
   pursuant to which ADP Colorado, Inc. will be merged with and into Avert,
   Inc. with Avert, Inc. as the surviving corporation, as more fully described
   in the proxy statement dated July 18, 2001.

                  For [_]   Against [_]   Abstain [_]

2. To consider and vote upon such other matters as may properly come before the
   special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY WILL BE VOTED AS SPECIFIED HEREON WITH RESPECT TO
PROPOSAL 1 ABOVE, BUT IF NO SPECIFICATION IS MADE THEY WILL BE VOTED FOR THAT
PROPOSAL. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE DISCRETION OF THE PROXIES ON ANY OTHER BUSINESS.

Please mark, date and sign exactly as name appears hereon, including
designation as executor, Trustee, etc. if applicable. A corporation must sign
in its name by the President or other authorized officer. All co-owners and
each joint owner must sign.

Date: __________________________    ________________________________
                                    Signature(s)

                                    Address if different from that on
                                    envelope:

                                    ________________________________
                                    Street Address

                                    ________________________________
                                    City, State and Zip Code

Please check if you intend to be present at the meeting:

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----