URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/723612/000095013001502903/0000950130-01-502903.txt

YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9734965036

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUC INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMP U CARD INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870914

S-4

ds4.txt

FORM S-4

      As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 6, 2001
                                                      Registration No. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                --------------

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     Under
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                --------------

                              CENDANT CORPORATION
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

             Delaware                              8699                             06-0918165
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of       (Primary Standard Industrial              (I.R.S. Employer
  Incorporation or Organization)        Classification Code Number)           Identification Number)

                               9 West 57th Street
                            New York, New York 10019
                                 (212) 413-1800
  (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of
                   Registrant's Principal Executive Offices)

                                --------------

                             James E. Buckman, Esq.
                              Cendant Corporation
                               9 West 57th Street
                            New York, New York 10019
                                 (212) 413-1800
 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code,
                             of Agent for Service)

                                --------------

                                   Copies to:

                                                                                      Elizabeth C. Kitslaar,
    Patricia Moran, Esq.          Eric J. Bock, Esq.     Anthony C. Swanagan, Esq.             Esq.
   Skadden, Arps, Slate,                                   Galileo International,
           Meagher               Cendant Corporation                Inc.            Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue
                                                          9700 West Higgins Road,
         & Flom LLP               9 West 57th Street             Suite 400                77 West Wacker
     One Rodney Square         New York, New York 10019   Rosemont, Illinois 60018   Chicago, Illinois 60601
 Wilmington, Delaware 19801         (212) 413-1800             (847) 518-4000             (312) 782-3939
       (302) 651-3001

                                --------------

   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to public: As soon as
practicable following the effective date of this registration statement.
   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]
   If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]
   If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                                --------------

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                Proposed Maximum   Amount of
     Title of Each Class of       Amount to be      Aggregate     Registration
   Securities to be Registered    Registered(1) Offering Price(2)     Fee
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CD Common Stock, par value $0.01
 per share.......................  141,000,000   $2,272,390,322     $568,100
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  The maximum number of shares of CD common stock of Cendant Corporation
     that may be registered is based on the maximum number of shares to be
     issued in connection with the merger described in the attached proxy
     statement-prospectus.
(2)  Pursuant to paragraphs (c), (f)(1) and (f)(3) of Rule 457, and estimated
     solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee, the proposed
     maximum aggregate offering price is $2,272,390,322, which equals (i) the
     product of (A) the average of the high and low sales prices of Galileo
     common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Galileo International, Inc.,
     of $32.275, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on
     June 28, 2001, multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of Galileo
     common stock to be canceled; less (ii) the amount of cash to be paid by
     the Registrant in exchange for shares of Galileo common stock, or
     approximately $550 million.

                                --------------

   The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration
statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may
determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                     [LOGO]
                          Galileo International, Inc.
                       9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400
                            Rosemont, Illinois 60018

                                                                          , 2001

Dear Galileo Stockholder:

   You are invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders of Galileo
International, Inc. The meeting will be held at  :00 a.m., Central Time, on
   ,     , 2001, at        , unless postponed or adjourned to a later date. At
the meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt a
merger agreement. If the merger contemplated by the merger agreement is
completed, Galileo will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
Corporation.

   Upon successful completion of the merger, you will receive a combination of
cash and shares of Cendant common stock in exchange for your shares of Galileo
common stock. The value of the merger consideration is expected to be $33 per
share of Galileo common stock on the date of the special meeting, but may be
more or less as described in the accompanying proxy statement-prospectus. The
actual cash and number of shares of Cendant common stock to be issued in
exchange for each share of Galileo common stock will be determined as described
in the proxy statement-prospectus.

   The Galileo board of directors has approved the merger agreement and has
determined that the consideration to be paid in the merger is fair from a
financial point of view and the merger and the merger agreement are advisable
and in the best interests of Galileo and its stockholders. Accordingly, the
Galileo board recommends that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement
at the special meeting.

   In light of the importance of the proposed merger, we urge you to attend the
special meeting in person or participate by proxy. Whether or not you plan to
attend, after carefully reading and considering the accompanying materials,
please vote your shares as soon as possible. Your voting materials contain
detailed information on how to vote.

   Holders of outstanding shares of Galileo common stock at the close of
business on      , 2001 are entitled to vote at the special meeting. The
adoption of the merger agreement requires the approval of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Galileo common stock. If you do not vote
by proxy or in person at the special meeting, it will count as a vote against
the merger agreement. Regardless of the number of shares you own, your vote is
important.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          James E. Barlett
                                          Chairman, President and Chief
                                           Executive Officer

                                     [LOGO]
                          Galileo International, Inc.
                       9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400
                            Rosemont, Illinois 60018

                               ----------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                               ----------------

   A special meeting of stockholders of Galileo International, Inc. will be
held on     ,      , 2001, starting at  :00 a.m. Central Time, at        ,
unless postponed or adjourned to a later date. The purposes of the special
meeting are for you to consider and vote upon:

  . A proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June
    15, 2001, by and among Galileo, Cendant Corporation and Galaxy
    Acquisition Corp., whereby Galaxy, a subsidiary of Cendant, will merge
    into Galileo. Following the merger, Galileo will be a wholly owned
    subsidiary of Cendant.

  . Any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting, if necessary.

   Only holders of record of shares of Galileo common stock at the close of
business on      , 2001 will be entitled to vote at the special meeting or any
adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. A list of Galileo
stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will be available during
normal business hours at our executive offices in Rosemont, Illinois, for at
least 10 days prior to the special meeting for examination by any stockholder
for any purpose related to the special meeting.

   We cannot complete the merger unless the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Galileo common stock vote to adopt the merger agreement.
For more information about the merger, please review the accompanying proxy
statement-prospectus and the merger agreement attached as Annex A.

   The Galileo board has approved the merger agreement and has determined that
the consideration to be paid in the merger is fair from a financial point of
view and the merger and the merger agreement are advisable and in the best
interests of Galileo and its stockholders. Accordingly, the Galileo board
recommends that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement at the
special meeting.

   Galileo stockholders who do not vote in favor of adoption of the merger
agreement and who otherwise comply with the requirements of Delaware law will
be entitled to appraisal rights. A summary of the applicable Delaware law
provision, including the requirements a Galileo stockholder must follow in
order to exercise his or her appraisal rights, is contained in the accompanying
proxy statement-prospectus. A copy of the applicable Delaware law provision is
attached as Annex E to the proxy statement-prospectus.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          Anthony C. Swanagan
                                          Secretary

     , 2001

 It is important that your shares be represented at the special meeting,
 either in person or by proxy. To assure your representation at the special
 meeting, please complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy and return it
 promptly in the accompanying postage prepaid envelope. You may also vote
 your shares by calling the toll-free number or going to the Internet website
 listed on your proxy card.

                           PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS

[Cendant Logo]                                                    [Galileo Logo]

                                MERGER PROPOSED

Cendant Corporation                       The Merger:

 .  New York Stock Exchange Symbol: CD     .  Upon adoption of the merger
                                             agreement and completion of the
                                             merger, Cendant expects to issue
                                             between 116 million and 141
                                             million shares of Cendant common
                                             stock.

Galileo International, Inc.

 .  New York Stock Exchange Symbol: GLC

Galaxy Acquisition Corp.
                                          .  Galileo stockholders will receive
                                             a combination of Cendant common
                                             stock and cash for each share of
                                             Galileo common stock that they
                                             own.

 .  A newly formed Delaware corporation
   that is a wholly owned subsidiary of
   Cendant and is not publicly traded.

                                          .  Galileo stockholders are expected
                                             to receive total consideration of
                                             $33 per share of Galileo common
                                             stock, consisting of $6.435 in
                                             cash and $26.565 in shares of
                                             Cendant common stock. The actual
                                             cash and number of shares of
                                             Cendant common stock to be issued
                                             in exchange for each share of
                                             Galileo common stock will be
                                             determined as described in the
                                             proxy statement-prospectus.

   You should read the "Risk Factors" section beginning on page 32 for a
description of some of the risks you should consider in evaluating the proposed
merger.

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
 commission has approved or disapproved of the shares of Cendant common stock
 to be issued in the merger or determined that this proxy statement-
 prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a
 criminal offense.

          The date of this proxy statement-prospectus is      , 2001,
       and is first being mailed to stockholders on or about      , 2001.

                      REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

   This proxy statement-prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Galileo and Cendant from other documents that are
not included in or delivered with this proxy statement-prospectus. This
information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral
request. You can obtain the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus by accessing the Securities and Exchange Commission's
website maintained at "http://www.sec.gov" or by requesting copies in writing
or by telephone from the appropriate company at the following addresses:

      Galileo International, Inc.                  Cendant Corporation
   9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400               9 West 57th Street
        Rosemont, Illinois 60018                New York, New York 10019
     Attention: Investor Relations            Attention: Investor Relations
             (847) 518-4000                          (212) 413-1845

   If you would like to request documents, please do so by      , 2001 [5
business days prior to Galileo's special meeting] in order to receive them
before Galileo's special meeting. We will mail the documents you request by
first class mail, or another equally prompt means, by the next business day
after we receive your request.

   See "Where You Can Find More Information."

                               

                                                                                       Page
                                                                                       ----

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING.......................    1

SUMMARY..............................................................................    4
  The Companies......................................................................    4
    Cendant..........................................................................    4
    Galileo..........................................................................    5
  The Merger Agreement...............................................................    6
  Board of Directors Recommendation to Galileo Stockholders..........................   11
  Opinions of Galileo's Financial Advisor............................................   11
  The Special Meeting................................................................   11
  Vote Required to Approve the Merger Agreement......................................   11
  The Voting Agreement...............................................................   12
  Stock Option Agreement.............................................................   12
  Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger.........................................   12
  Stock Exchange Listing.............................................................   13
  Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger...............   13
  Accounting Treatment...............................................................   13
  Appraisal Rights...................................................................   13
  Recent Developments................................................................   13

FINANCIAL SUMMARY....................................................................   14
  Market Price Data..................................................................   14
  Historical Market Prices And Dividends.............................................   14
  Selected Historical Financial Data of Cendant......................................   16
  Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Data of Cendant......................................   17
  Selected Historical Financial Data of Galileo......................................   28
  Comparative Per Share Data.........................................................   30

RISK FACTORS.........................................................................   32

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS....................................   36

THE MERGER...........................................................................   38
  General............................................................................   38
  Background of the Merger...........................................................   38
  Galileo's Rationale for the Merger; Recommendation of the Galileo Board............   43
  Cendant's Rationale for the Merger.................................................   45
  Opinions of Galileo's Financial Advisor............................................   46
  Stock Exchange Listing.............................................................   52
  Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger...............   52
  Accounting Treatment...............................................................   55
  Regulatory Approvals...............................................................   55
  Appraisal Rights...................................................................   57
  Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger.........................................   59
  Redemption of Special Preferred Stock from Certain Stockholders....................   64
  Delisting and Deregistration of Galileo Common Stock...............................   64
  Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates of Galileo...................................   64

THE GALILEO SPECIAL MEETING..........................................................   65
  Purpose, Time and Place............................................................   65
  Record Date; Voting Power..........................................................   65
  Votes Required.....................................................................   66
  Share Ownership of Management and Certain Stockholders.............................   66

                                       i

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

  Voting of Proxies.......................................................  66
  Revocability of Proxies.................................................  67
  Solicitation of Proxies.................................................  67

THE MERGER AGREEMENT......................................................  68
  General.................................................................  68
  Form of the Merger; Charter Documents of Galileo........................  68
  Timing of Closing.......................................................  68
  Merger Consideration....................................................  68
  Conversion of Shares; Exchange Agent; Procedures for Exchange of
   Certificates; Fractional Shares........................................  71
  Effect on Stock Based Awards; Employee Stock Purchase Plan..............  72
  Board of Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation............  74
  Board of Directors of Cendant...........................................  74
  Representations and Warranties..........................................  74
  Covenants of Galileo....................................................  75
  No Solicitation.........................................................  78
  Access to Information...................................................  80
  Indemnification and Insurance...........................................  81
  Tax Matters.............................................................  81
  Conditions to the Completion of the Merger..............................  82
  Termination of the Merger Agreement.....................................  84
  Termination Fees........................................................  85

THE VOTING AGREEMENT......................................................  86
  Agreement to Vote and Proxy.............................................  86
  Restrictions on Transfer................................................  86
  Standstill..............................................................  86
  Termination.............................................................  87

THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT................................................  88
  Exercise of the Option..................................................  88
  Conditions..............................................................  88
  Put Right...............................................................  88
  Registration Rights.....................................................  89
  Limitation on Profit....................................................  89
  Termination of the Option...............................................  90
  Effect of the Stock Option Agreement and the Voting Agreement...........  90

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF GALILEO
 COMMON STOCK.............................................................  91
  Certain Beneficial Owners...............................................  91
  Directors and Executive Officers........................................  93

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS OF GALILEO AND CENDANT...............  94
  Authorized Capital Stock................................................  94
  Board of Directors......................................................  95
  Committees of the Board of Directors....................................  95
  Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies...............................  96
  Removal of Directors....................................................  96
  Officers................................................................  96
  Special Meetings of Stockholders........................................  97
  Quorum at Stockholder Meetings..........................................  97
  Stockholder Action by Written Consent...................................  97

                                       ii

                                                                         Page
                                                                        -------

  Advance Notice of Stockholder Proposals for Stockholder Meetings.....      97
  Amendment of Governing Documents.....................................      99
  Effect of Interested Stockholder Transactions and Fair Price
   Provision...........................................................     100
  Stockholders' Agreement..............................................     101
  Stockholder Rights Plan..............................................     101

EXPERTS................................................................     102

LEGAL MATTERS..........................................................     102

SUBMISSION OF FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS.............................     103

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION....................................     103

GALILEO SEC FILINGS....................................................     104

CENDANT SEC FILINGS....................................................     104

MERGER AGREEMENT....................................................... Annex A

TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT.......................................... Annex B

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT................................................. Annex C

JPMORGAN SECURITIES INC. OPINION....................................... Annex D

SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW.................... Annex E

                                      iii

                          QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT
                       THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING

   Q: What will happen in the proposed merger?

   A: In the proposed merger, Galileo will merge with a newly formed subsidiary
of Cendant. After the merger, Galileo will no longer be a public company and
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant. See "The Merger" on pages 38
through 64.

   Q: Why are Galileo and Cendant proposing the merger?

   A: Galileo and Cendant believe that the merger will create attractive new
growth opportunities for stockholders of both companies because it will
substantially broaden the range of Cendant's service offerings and its
geographic reach. Galileo's fee-for-services business model, customer
relationships and customer base are believed to be highly complementary to
Cendant's. In addition, Galileo's major presence in air travel bookings and
substantial international reach are believed to be an excellent strategic fit
with Cendant and will facilitate Cendant's ability to capitalize on future
growth opportunities within the travel industry. See "The Merger--Galileo's
Rationale for the Merger; Recommendation of the Galileo Board" on pages 43
through 45 and "The Merger--Cendant's Rationale for the Merger" on pages 45
through 46.

   Q: Are there risks associated with the merger?

   A: Yes. We may not achieve the expected benefits of the merger because of
the risks and uncertainties discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" on
pages 32 through 35 and the section entitled "Special Note Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements" on pages 36 through 37.

   Q: What will I receive in the merger?

   A: If we complete the merger, you will receive a combination of Cendant
common stock, known as CD common stock, and cash with an expected value of
$33.00 per share of Galileo common stock, comprised of $6.435 in cash and
$26.565 in CD common stock, in exchange for each of your shares of Galileo
common stock. The actual amount of CD common stock you receive will be
determined during a measurement period that is expected to be the 20
consecutive trading days preceding the third trading day prior to the date of
the special meeting and the amount of cash will be determined on the closing
date. Under certain circumstances, this measurement period will be changed. In
addition, the number of shares of CD common stock that you will receive for
each share of Galileo common stock you own, or the so-called exchange ratio,
will float within a range between approximately 1.56265 and 1.32825 if the
trading price of CD common stock trades between $17 and $20 per share and will
be fixed if the trading price of CD common stock trades outside of this range.
If the average trading price during the measurement period is less than or
equal to $14 per share, Galileo may terminate the merger agreement. The actual
amount of cash you will receive will never exceed $6.435 per share, but may be
less in certain circumstances in order to preserve the tax-free nature of the
stock portion of the merger consideration.

   For a more complete description of the consideration you will receive, see
"Merger Consideration" in the Summary on pages 6 through 9.

   Q: When will I know the actual exchange ratio?

   A: We will issue a press release prior to the special meeting that will
disclose the exchange ratio assuming that the closing of the merger is not
delayed by more than 30 days after the special meeting.

   Q: When do you expect the merger to be completed?

   A: We plan to complete the merger as soon as possible after the special
meeting of Galileo stockholders called to adopt the merger agreement and the
satisfaction or waiver of other conditions to the merger, including the receipt
of any necessary regulatory approvals. We anticipate the merger will be
completed on or about      , 2001.

   Q: On what am I being asked to vote?

   A: You are being asked to vote on the adoption of the merger agreement.

   Q: What other matters will be voted on at the Galileo special meeting?

   A: No other matters will be voted on at the special meeting, except possibly
procedural business relating to an adjournment or postponement of the special
meeting.

   Q: What does the Galileo board of directors recommend?

   A: The Galileo board of directors has approved the merger agreement and
recommends that Galileo stockholders vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement.

   Q: When and where is the Galileo special meeting?

   A: The special meeting of Galileo stockholders to vote on the merger
agreement will be at       on     ,    , 2001, at  :00 a.m., Central Time,
unless postponed or adjourned to a later date.

   Q: Who can vote on the merger?

   A: Holders of record of Galileo common stock at the close of business on
     , 2001, can vote at the special meeting.

   Q: What vote is required to approve the merger?

   A: The merger must be approved by the holders of a majority of the total
number of outstanding shares of Galileo common stock on      , 2001. If you do
not vote, it will have the same effect as voting against the merger.

   Q: What do I need to do now?

   A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
proxy statement-prospectus, please vote your shares as soon as possible. You
may vote your shares by signing and mailing the enclosed proxy card. You may
also vote your shares by calling the toll-free number listed on your proxy card
and following the recorded instructions or by going to the Internet website
listed on your proxy card and following the instructions.

   Q: How will my proxy be voted?

   A: If you complete your proxy it will be voted in accordance with your
instructions. If you sign and send in your proxy but do not indicate how you
want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the merger
agreement, unless the Galileo board changes its recommendation concerning the
merger agreement before you have signed and sent in your proxy, in which case
your unspecified proxy would be voted proportionately in accordance with the
manner in which all specified proxies have been voted. If you do not vote
either in person or by proxy, it will count as a vote against the merger
agreement.

   Q: If my shares are held in "street name" by my broker, will my broker vote
my shares for me?

   A: Yes, but only if you provide your broker instructions on how to vote. You
should instruct your broker to vote your shares, using the instructions
provided by your broker.

   Q: Can I change my vote after I mail my proxy card?

   A: Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at
the special meeting. If you are a stockholder of record, you can do this by:

  . delivering, prior to the special meeting, to Galileo's corporate
    secretary at 9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400, Rosemont, Illinois 60018,
    a written notice of revocation bearing a later date or time than the
    proxy;

  . submitting a later-dated proxy that has been properly executed;

  . submitting a later-dated proxy using the telephone voting procedures or
    the Internet voting procedures; or

  . attending the special meeting and voting in person. However, your
    attendance alone will not revoke your proxy--you must also vote in
    person.

   If you instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow your
broker's directions for changing those instructions.

   Q: Is my vote important?

   A: Yes. Your vote is very important. Adoption of the merger agreement
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Galileo common stock. If you do not vote, it will have the same
effect as a vote against the merger.

   Q: Should I send in my stock certificates now?

   A: No. After the merger, Cendant will send you written instructions for
sending in your Galileo stock certificates.

   Q: Do I have appraisal rights?

   A: Yes. If you do not vote in favor of the merger agreement and otherwise
comply with the requirements of Delaware law, you will be entitled to appraisal
rights to receive the statutorily determined "fair value" of your shares. See
"The Merger--Appraisal Rights" on pages 57 through 59.

   Q: What are the material United States federal income tax consequences of
the merger to me?

   A: In general, you will recognize gain (but not loss) equal to the lesser
of:

  .  the amount of cash you receive in the merger, and

  .  the amount equal to the excess, if any, of the sum of the amount of cash
     and the fair market value of CD common stock you receive in the merger
     over the adjusted tax basis of your Galileo common stock.

   See "The Merger--Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of
the Merger" on pages 52 through 55. Galileo stockholders should consult their
tax advisors for a full understanding of the tax consequences to them of the
merger.

   Q: How will the merger be treated for accounting purposes?

   A: The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. Accordingly, the cost to acquire Galileo will be allocated to the
tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values,
with any excess being treated as goodwill and other intangible assets.

   Q: Who can help answer my questions?

   A: If you have any questions about the merger or if you need additional
copies of this proxy statement-prospectus or the enclosed proxy card you should
contact:

                                   [        ]

   Q: Where can I find more information about the companies?

   A: You can find more information about Galileo and Cendant from various
sources described under "Where You Can Find More Information" on pages 103
through 105.

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this document and may not
contain all the information that is important to you. For a more complete
understanding of the merger and for a more complete description of the terms of
the merger, you should read this entire document carefully, as well as the
additional documents to which we refer you. See "Where You can Find More
Information" on pages 103 through 105. References in this document to "Cendant"
and "Galileo" include their respective subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated.

                                 The Companies

         Cendant Corporation                   Galileo International Inc.
          9 West 57th Street               9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400
       New York, New York 10019                 Rosemont, Illinois 60018
            (212) 413-1800                           (847) 518-4000

 Cendant

   Cendant is one of the foremost providers of travel and real estate services
in the world. Cendant operates in four business segments--Hospitality, Real
Estate Services, Vehicle Services and Financial Services. Cendant's businesses
provide a wide range of consumer and business services which are intended to
complement one another and create cross-marketing opportunities both within
each segment and between segments. Cendant's Hospitality segment franchises
hotel businesses and facilitates the sale and exchange of vacation timeshare
interests. Cendant's Real Estate Services segment franchises real estate
brokerage businesses, provides home buyers with mortgages and assists in
employee relocations. Its Vehicle Services segment franchises and operates car
rental businesses, provides fleet management services to corporate clients and
government agencies and operates parking facilities in the United Kingdom.
Cendant's Financial Services segment provides marketing strategies primarily to
financial institutions by offering an array of financial and insurance-based
products to consumers, franchises tax preparation service businesses and
provides consumers with access to a variety of discounted products and
services.

   As a franchiser of hotels, residential and commercial real estate brokerage
offices, car rental operations and tax preparation services, Cendant licenses
the owners and operators of independent businesses the right to use Cendant's
brand names. Cendant does not own or operate hotels, real estate brokerage
offices or tax preparation offices. Instead, Cendant provides its franchisees
with services designed to increase their revenue and profitability.

   Hospitality Segment. Cendant's Hospitality segment contains its nine lodging
brands and its timeshare and travel agency businesses. In its lodging franchise
business, Cendant franchises hotels primarily in the mid-priced and economy
markets. Cendant is the world's largest hotel franchiser, operating the Days
Inn(R), Ramada(R) (in the United States), Super 8(R), Howard Johnson(R),
Wingate Inn(R), Knights Inn(R), Travelodge(R) (in North America), Villager(R)
and AmeriHost Inn(R) lodging franchise systems. In its timeshare business,
Cendant owns Resort Condominiums International, LLC, the world's leading
timeshare exchange company. On April 2, 2001, Cendant acquired Fairfield
Communities, Inc., one of the largest vacation timeshare companies in the
United States.

   Real Estate Services Segment. Cendant's Real Estate Services segment
consists of its three real estate brands and its mortgage and relocation
businesses. Cendant is the world's largest real estate brokerage franchiser. In
its real estate franchise business, Cendant franchises real estate brokerage
offices under the CENTURY 21(R), Coldwell Banker(R) and ERA(R) real estate
brokerage franchise systems. In its relocation business, Cendant Mobility
Services Corporation is a leading provider of corporate relocation services in
the world. Cendant Mobility offers relocation clients a variety of services in
connection with the transfer of a

client's employees and offers similar services to affinity groups and their
members. In its mortgage business, Cendant Mortgage Corporation is one of the
largest retail providers of residential mortgages in the United States. Cendant
Mortgage originates, sells and services residential mortgage loans in the
United States, marketing such services to consumers through relationships with
corporations, financial institutions, real estate brokerage firms and mortgage
banks.

   Vehicle Services Segment. With the acquisition of Avis Group Holdings, Inc.
on March 1, 2001, Cendant's Vehicle Services segment now consists of the car
rental operations and fleet management services businesses of Avis Group, in
addition to the Avis car rental franchise system and its United Kingdom based
parking facility business. Cendant's Avis car rental business is the second
largest car rental system in the world (based on total revenues and volume of
rental transactions). Cendant's fleet management services business is a leader
in the industry. Cendant's National Car Parks Limited subsidiary is the largest
private parking facilities operator in the United Kingdom.

   Financial Services Segment. Cendant's Financial Services segment consists of
its insurance/wholesale businesses, its tax preparation service system and its
individual membership business. Its insurance/wholesale business markets and
administers insurance products, primarily accidental death and dismemberment
insurance and term life insurance, and also provides marketing strategies
primarily to financial institutions through an offering of checking account
enhancement packages for the benefit of their customers. The
insurance/wholesale business is conducted through FISI*Madison LLC, Benefit
Consultants, Inc., Long Term Preferred Care, Inc. and Cims Ltd., which are all
wholly owned subsidiaries. Its Jackson Hewitt Inc. subsidiary operates the
second largest tax preparation service system in the United States with
locations in 48 states and franchises a system of approximately 3,300 offices
that specialize in computerized preparation of federal and state individual
income tax returns.

   Cendant individual membership business, with approximately 24.3 million
memberships, provides customers with access to a variety of discounted products
and services. On July 2, 2001, Cendant entered into outsourcing agreements with
Trilegiant Corporation, a newly formed corporation to be headquartered in
Norwalk, Connecticut, to outsource its individual membership business. The
former management of Cendant Membership Services, Inc. ("CMS") and Cendant
Incentives, Inc. own 100% of the common stock and Cendant owns a convertible
preferred stock investment in Trilegiant, which, if converted into common
stock, would initially represent approximately 20% of Trilegiant's common
stock. All employees of CMS and Cendant Incentives will become employees of
Trilegiant. Previously, Cendant had planned to spin off its individual
membership business, but a spin off is no longer being pursued.

   Cendant will retain the economic benefits from existing members of Cendant's
individual membership business and Trilegiant will provide fulfillment services
to these members for a servicing fee. Trilegiant will also have the right to
use all assets necessary for the operation of the individual membership
business and, beginning in the third quarter of 2002, Cendant will receive a
license fee of 5% of Trilegiant's revenues, increasing to 22% over ten years.
The outsourcing agreement has a 40-year term.

 Galileo

   Galileo is a diversified, global technology leader. Its core business is
providing electronic global distribution services to the travel industry
through its computerized reservation systems and innovative Internet-based
solutions. Galileo is a value-added distributor of travel inventory dedicated
to supporting its travel agency and corporate customers and, through them,
expanding traveler choice. Among Galileo's subsidiaries are TRIP.com, an award-
winning online travel service and technology provider, and Quantitude Inc.,
which delivers advanced telecommunications services and enterprise networking
solutions. Galileo also offers secure, flexible and cost-effective managed
hosting services. Headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois, Galileo has offices
worldwide and operates a state-of-the-art data center in Greenwood Village,
Colorado.

The Merger Agreement (pages 68 through 85)

   The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement-
prospectus. We encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully and in its
entirety. It is the principal document governing the merger.

Merger Consideration (pages 68 through 71)

   You will receive in the merger a combination of cash and CD common stock
with a total expected value of $33 per share for each share of Galileo common
stock you own. In order to preserve the tax-free nature of the stock portion of
the merger consideration, Cendant may not pay more than 19.5% of the aggregate
merger consideration in cash and, as a result, must pay at least 80.5% of the
aggregate merger consideration in CD common stock. Thus, the expected value of
the total merger consideration of $33 per share is comprised of $26.565 per
share, or 80.5%, in CD common stock and $6.435 per share, or 19.5%, in cash,
which represents the maximum amount of cash per share that will be paid. The
effect of the 19.5% limitation is that the cash portion of the merger
consideration will be reduced if it exceeds 19.5% of the total value of the
merger consideration, determined as of the closing of the merger.

   The Stock Consideration. The number of shares of CD common stock that you
will receive for each share of Galileo common stock you own is based upon the
so-called exchange ratio, which will be determined by dividing the $26.565
value of the stock consideration by the average of the closing sales prices for
CD common stock during the measurement period, referred to as the average
trading price. Except as described below under "Proposed Cendant Acquisitions,"
the measurement period is the 20 consecutive trading days preceding the third
trading day prior to the date of the special meeting. In other words:

                 Exchange Ratio = $26.565/Average Trading Price

   The exchange ratio, which will not be rounded up or down, is subject to a
"collar" which means the exchange ratio will float when the average trading
price is between $17 and $20 per share of CD common stock and will be fixed
outside of this range. Thus, if the average trading price during the
measurement period is $17 or less per share, the exchange ratio will be
approximately 1.56265 ($26.565/$17); if the average trading price is $20 or
more per share, the exchange ratio will be 1.32825 ($26.565/$20); and if the
average trading price is between $17 and $20 per share, the exchange ratio will
adjust to keep the expected value of the stock portion of the merger
consideration at $26.565. The following table helps to illustrate:

        Average Trading
        Price             Exchange Ratio
        ---------------   --------------

        $20 or greater    1.32825
        Between $17 and
         $20              $26.565 divided by the average trading price
        $17 or less       Approximately 1.56265

   The number of shares of CD common stock that you will receive for each share
of Galileo common stock you own will equal the exchange ratio rounded to the
nearest thousandth of a share. This number then will be multiplied by the
number of shares of Galileo common stock you own to determine the number of
shares of CD common stock you will receive. Cendant, however, will not issue
fractional shares of CD common stock in the merger. Rather, the number of
shares of CD common stock you will receive will be rounded down to the nearest
whole number of shares, and you will receive cash for the remaining fraction
based on the average trading price during the measurement period.

   Because the exchange ratio is determined using the average trading price
during a specified period prior to the special meeting, the actual value of the
CD common stock you receive at closing may be more or less than $26.565 even if
the average trading price is between $17 and $20 per share. The actual value of
the stock you receive will be equal to the number of shares of CD common stock
that you will receive for each share of Galileo common stock that you own,
determined as described above, multiplied by the then current market price for
the CD common stock. For example, if the exchange ratio is 1.32825 and the
current market price for

CD common stock is $25 at the time you receive your CD common stock, the CD
common stock you receive will be worth $33.20 (1.328 x $25). Alternatively, if
the exchange ratio is 1.32825 and the current market price for CD common stock
is $19, the CD common stock you receive will be worth approximately $25.23
(1.328 x $19).

   The Cash Consideration. The actual amount of the cash portion of the merger
consideration that you will receive will be determined on the closing date of
the merger. The value of the cash portion of the merger consideration will
never exceed $6.435 per share of Galileo common stock, but may be less than
$6.435 per share in the circumstances described below.

   In order to preserve the tax-free nature of the stock portion of the merger
consideration, Cendant may not pay more than 19.5% of the aggregate merger
consideration in cash, resulting in at least 80.5% of the aggregate merger
consideration being paid in CD common stock. The determination of whether this
requirement is met is based upon the average of the high and low sales prices
of CD common stock on the closing date. It is important to note that this
average is calculated differently than the calculation of the average trading
price used to determine the exchange ratio, as described above under "The Stock
Consideration."

   Once the value of CD common stock on the closing date is calculated, it is
multiplied by the number of shares of CD common stock that you will receive for
each share of Galileo common stock you own to determine the value of the stock
portion of the merger consideration for tax purposes. After rounding the
exchange ratio to the nearest thousandth of a share, you can determine the cash
that you will receive by using the following formula:

          Cash = (Exchange Ratio x Average Closing Price x .195)/.805

   You will receive cash per share equal to the lower of the number resulting
from the above calculation and $6.435. Because satisfaction of the requirement
that the cash consideration not exceed 19.5% of the total merger consideration
is measured at closing, it is not possible to determine prior to the special
meeting whether you will receive less than the maximum $6.435 per share in
cash. However, you will receive less than $6.435 per share in the following
circumstances:

  . If the average trading price is $17 or less and the average closing price
    is less than $17; or

  . If the average closing price is less than the average trading price,
    unless both averages are $20 or more.

   Walk Away Right. If the average trading price during the measurement period
is less than or equal to $14 per share, Galileo may terminate the merger
agreement.

   The following chart generally depicts the total value of the merger
consideration you will receive if the average trading price and the average
closing price are the same at various dollar amounts. The table that follows
sets forth the exchange ratio (rounded for illustration purposes), the value of
each of the stock and cash portions of the merger consideration, the total
value of the merger consideration and the value of each of the stock and cash
portions of the merger consideration as a percentage of the total value of the
merger consideration, again assuming the average trading price and the average
closing price are the same.

Expected value received per Galileo share

                                    [GRAPH]

Galileo has right to walk-away at $14

$1.00 decrease in Cendant share price equals $1.94 decrease in value to Galileo
stockholders

Value to Galileo stockholder is fixed at $33.00 per share

$1.00 increase in Cendant share price equals $1.33 increase in value to Galileo
stockholders

                    Average trading price per Cendant share

Average
trading
price          $12.00  $13.00  $14.00  $15.00  $16.00  $17.00  $18.00  $19.00

Exchange
ratio            1.56    1.56    1.56    1.56    1.56    1.56    1.48    1.40

Stock value
per share of
Galileo common
stock          $18.75  $20.31  $21.88  $23.44  $25.00  $26.57  $26.57  $26.57

Cash per share
of Galileo
common stock    $4.54   $4.92   $5.30   $5.68   $6.06   $6.44   $6.44   $6.44

Expected total
value per
share of
Galileo
common stock   $23.29  $25.24  $27.18  $29.12  $31.06  $33.00  $33.00  $33.00

Percentage
of stock
consideration   80.5%   80.5%   80.5%   80.5%   80.5%   80.5%   80.5%   80.5%

Percentage of
cash
consideration   19.5%   19.5%   19.5%   19.5%   19.5%   19.5%   19.5%   19.5%

Average
trading
price          $20.00  $21.00  $22.00  $23.00  $24.00  $25.00  $26.00  $27.00

Exchange
ratio            1.33    1.33    1.33    1.33    1.33    1.33    1.33    1.33

Stock value
per share of
Galileo common
stock          $26.57  $27.89  $29.22  $30.55  $31.88  $33.21  $34.53  $35.86

Cash per share
of Galileo
common stock    $6.44   $6.44   $6.44   $6.44   $6.44   $6.44   $6.44   $6.44

Expected total
value per
share of
Galileo
common stock   $33.00  $34.33  $35.66  $36.98  $38.31  $39.64  $40.97  $42.30

Percentage
of stock
consideration   80.5%   81.3%   82.0%   82.6%   83.2%   83.8%   84.3%   84.8%

Percentage of
cash
consideration   19.5%   18.7%   18.0%   17.4%   16.8%   16.2%   15.7%   15.2%

Note: Exact numbers may change based on differences between 20-day average
trading price and closing date price and other factors described below.

 Other Factors Affecting the Value or Composition of the Merger Consideration
   Dissenting Shares. If any holders of shares of Galileo common stock dissent
from the merger and seek appraisal rights in compliance with Delaware law, an
estimated amount of cash necessary to pay cash to dissenting holders will be
deducted from the aggregate cash that can be paid to non-dissenting
stockholders. As a result, the amount of cash you will receive in the merger
will be reduced by the estimated amount of cash that would be paid for
dissenting shares divided by the total number of non-dissenting shares of
Galileo common stock. In this event, however, the stock portion of the merger
consideration will be increased proportionally for non-dissenting stockholders.

   Capital Adjustments. If the outstanding shares of Galileo common stock or CD
common stock are changed into a different number of shares or a different class
as a result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, combination, exchange, recapitalization or other similar
transaction, the exchange ratio and the merger consideration will be adjusted
appropriately. If Cendant declares, sets aside or pays any dividend or makes
any other distribution or payment (whether in cash, stock, property or any
combination thereof), in each case with respect to its outstanding shares of CD
common stock, then the $17 to $20 per share collar described above and
Galileo's walk away right at $14 per share or less will be adjusted to take
into account the value of such dividend, distribution or payment.

   Effect of Certain Cendant Acquisitions. If Cendant enters into an
acquisition agreement with a competitor of Galileo, and the closing of
Cendant's acquisition of Galileo is delayed due to regulatory delays primarily
as a result of that action, the value of the merger consideration may be
affected in two ways. First, if the closing is delayed by more than 30 days
after the special meeting, the measurement period will be changed to the 20
consecutive trading days ending immediately preceding the third consecutive
trading day prior to the date of receipt of the last regulatory approval, and
the average trading price will be recalculated. Second, if the closing does not
occur until after December 12, 2001, then Cendant will be required to pay
additional merger consideration, payable in CD common stock, equal to simple
interest on $33 calculated using the 30 day London Interbank Offered Rate, or
LIBOR, plus 100 basis points.

   Cendant's Ownership of Galileo Common Stock. If Cendant or any of its
affiliates owns any Galileo common stock at the time of the merger, generally,
the percentage of the merger consideration that will consist of CD common stock
will be increased and the percentage of the merger consideration that will
consist of cash will be proportionately decreased. In general, the aggregate
value of the consideration that would be payable to Cendant for its shares of
Galileo common stock will be deducted from the aggregate cash that can be paid
to Galileo stockholders (other than Cendant). Currently, neither Cendant nor
any of its affiliates owns any Galileo common stock and, other than pursuant to
the stock option agreement (discussed below), Cendant and its affiliates are
prohibited by the merger agreement from acquiring Galileo common stock.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger (pages 82 through 84)

   The completion of the merger depends upon satisfying a number of conditions,
including the following:

  . adoption of the merger agreement by the Galileo stockholders;

  . absence of any legal prohibition to complete the merger;

  . listing of shares of CD common stock issuable to Galileo stockholders on
    the New York Stock Exchange; and

  . receipt of various consents and approvals (including United States and
    foreign regulatory approvals) required to complete the merger.

   In addition, Cendant's obligation to complete the merger is subject to,
among other things:

  . the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Galileo in the
    merger agreement;

  . the performance by Galileo of its obligations under the merger agreement;

  . the absence of events, changes, developments or circumstances that would
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Galileo;

  . the receipt from Cendant's counsel of an opinion that the merger will
    qualify as a tax-free reorganization; and

  . the absence of any change in the Galileo board's recommendation that
    Galileo stockholders adopt the merger agreement.

   In addition, Galileo's obligation to complete the merger is subject to,
among other things:

  . the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Cendant in the
    merger agreement;

  . the performance by Cendant of its obligations under the merger agreement;
    and

  . the receipt from Galileo's counsel of an opinion that the merger will
    qualify as a tax-free reorganization.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (pages 84 through 85)

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the completion
of the merger:

  . by the mutual consent of Cendant and Galileo;

  . by either Cendant or Galileo, if:

    . the merger is not completed by July 1, 2002. However, neither party
      may terminate for this reason if its failure to fulfill any obligation
      is the reason the merger has not been completed;

    . there exists a legal prohibition to complete the merger that is final
      and not able to be appealed; or

    . the merger agreement is not adopted by Galileo's stockholders at the
      special meeting.

  . by Galileo, if:

    . Cendant materially breaches any of its representations, warranties,
      agreements or covenants and the breach cannot be cured within a
      specified time period; or

    . the average trading price of a share of CD common stock during the
      measurement period is less than or equal to $14.00.

  . by Cendant, if:

    . Galileo materially breaches any of its representations, warranties,
      agreements or covenants and the breach cannot be cured within a
      specified time period; or

    . the Galileo board changes its recommendation that Galileo stockholders
      adopt the merger agreement.

Termination Fee and Expenses (page 85)

   Galileo must pay to Cendant a termination fee of $100 million plus up to $10
million in Cendant's expenses incurred in connection with the transaction, if
any of the following occurs:

  . Galileo becomes aware that another proposal to acquire Galileo has been
    made or that such a proposal is intended to be made and:

    . Galileo or Cendant terminates the merger agreement because the merger
      was not completed by July 1, 2002, and, within 12 months of the
      termination, Galileo executes a definitive agreement, or consummates a
      transaction, with a third party to acquire Galileo;

    . Cendant terminates the merger agreement because Galileo is in material
      breach of any of its covenants or agreements, and, within 12 months of
      the termination, Galileo executes a definitive agreement, or
      consummates a transaction, with a third party to acquire Galileo; or

    . Cendant terminates the merger agreement because Galileo breaches any
      representation or warranty in the merger agreement in any material
      respect, and, within 12 months of the termination, Galileo executes a
      definitive agreement, or consummates a transaction, with a third party
      to acquire Galileo; or

  .  Cendant terminates the merger agreement after the Galileo board
     withdraws or changes its recommendation that Galileo stockholders adopt
     the merger agreement; or

  .  either Galileo or Cendant terminates the merger agreement because the
     Galileo stockholders did not adopt the merger agreement at the special
     meeting, and either:

    . the Galileo board had withdrawn or changed its recommendation that
      Galileo stockholders adopt the merger agreement; or

    .  a proposal by a third party to acquire Galileo becomes publicly known
       at or prior to the special meeting and within 12 months following the
       termination of the merger agreement, Galileo executes a definitive
       agreement, or consummates a transaction, with a third party to
       acquire Galileo.

   In addition, if the merger agreement is terminated because Galileo's
stockholders do not adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting, Galileo
has agreed to pay to Cendant the amount of its expenses incurred in connection
with the transaction up to a maximum amount of $10 million.

Board of Directors Recommendation to Galileo Stockholders (pages 43 through 45)

   The Galileo board has approved the merger agreement, the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and has determined that
the consideration to be paid to Galileo stockholders in the merger is fair from
a financial point of view and the merger and the merger agreement are advisable
and in the best interests of Galileo and its stockholders. The Galileo board
recommends that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement at the
special meeting.

Opinions of Galileo's Financial Advisor (pages 46 through 52)

   Among other factors that the Galileo board considered in deciding to approve
the merger, the Galileo board received an opinion from its financial advisor,
JPMorgan Securities Inc., as to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
of the merger consideration to the holders of Galileo common stock. We have
attached the full text of JPMorgan's written opinion, dated June 15, 2001, to
this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex D. You should read this opinion
completely to understand the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken by JPMorgan in providing its opinion.
JPMorgan's opinion is addressed to the Galileo board and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder with respect to any matter relating to the
proposed merger.

The Special Meeting (pages 65 through 67)

   The special meeting of Galileo stockholders to vote on the merger agreement
will be at        on     ,      , 2001, at  :00 a.m., Central Time, unless
postponed or adjourned to a later date.

Vote Required to Approve the Merger Agreement (page 66)

   Galileo stockholders will vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement.
Approval of this proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of all shares of Galileo common stock that are outstanding and
entitled to vote at the special meeting.

   At June 30, 2001, Galileo directors and executive officers as a group owned
and were entitled to vote less than one percent of the outstanding shares of
Galileo common stock. Each of the directors and executive officers of Galileo
that is entitled to vote at the Galileo special meeting has indicated that they
intend to vote their shares in favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

The Voting Agreement (pages 86 through 87)

   In connection with the merger, Cendant entered into a transaction support
agreement, referred to in this proxy statement-prospectus as the voting
agreement, with United Air Lines, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Covia
LLC. As of June 30, 2001, based on information filed with the SEC, United,
through its affiliation with Covia, is deemed to be the beneficial owner of
18.2% of the outstanding shares of Galileo common stock held of record by Covia
and is entitled to vote these shares at the special meeting. Under the voting
agreement, Covia agreed to vote, and gave Cendant a proxy to vote, these shares
and any additional shares it acquires in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement and against any third party proposal to acquire Galileo or any other
proposals presented for a vote that would prevent or materially delay
completion of the merger. United may terminate the voting agreement if the
Galileo board withdraws its recommendation to Galileo stockholders in favor of
the merger agreement as a result of a third party making a proposal that the
Galileo board determines is superior to the merger for Galileo's stockholders
or if the merger agreement is amended and United determines that the amendment
is adverse to it in a material respect. The voting agreement is attached hereto
as Annex B. We encourage you to read the voting agreement carefully and in its
entirety.

Stock Option Agreement (pages 88 through 90)

   In connection with the merger agreement, Galileo entered into a stock option
agreement with Cendant. Under the stock option agreement, Galileo granted to
Cendant an option to purchase up to 17,041,071 shares of Galileo common stock
(subject to certain adjustments). The exercise price per share under the option
is $33.00 per share. Cendant may exercise its option in whole or in part if:

  .  Under the terms of the merger agreement, Cendant would be able to
     terminate the merger agreement under circumstances which could entitle
     Cendant to the termination fee (regardless of whether the merger
     agreement is actually terminated); and

  .  the voting agreement with United has been terminated in accordance with
     its terms.

   If Cendant proposes to exercise its option following the record date of the
special meeting, Galileo has agreed, subject to the exercise by Galileo's board
of its fiduciary duties, to fix a new record date and to hold the special
meeting at a time that provides Cendant the opportunity to vote its Galileo
common stock at that meeting. As of the date of this proxy statement-
prospectus, the option is not exercisable. The option agreement provides that
in no event will the number of shares of Galileo common stock subject to the
option exceed 19.5% of the number of shares of Galileo common stock issued and
outstanding. The stock option agreement is attached hereto as Annex C. We
encourage you to read the stock option agreement carefully and in its entirety.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (pages 59 through 64)

   In addition to their interests as stockholders, the directors and executive
officers of Galileo may have interests in the merger that are different from,
or in addition to, your interests. These interests exist because of rights they
may have under individual employment agreements, compensation arrangements, or
benefit and bonus plans, including a bonus plan for executive officers of
Galileo triggered upon completion of the sale of Galileo. Cendant will also
indemnify the executive officers and directors of Galileo for events occurring
prior to, at, or after the effective time of the merger. The members of the
Galileo board knew of these additional interests and considered them when they
approved the merger.

Stock Exchange Listing (page 52)

   Cendant expects to receive authorization, subject to notice of issuance,
from the New York Stock Exchange for the listing of the shares of Cendant
common stock designated CD common stock to be issued to Galileo stockholders in
connection with the merger.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (pages 52
through 55)

   The obligations of Galileo and Cendant to consummate the merger are subject
to the receipt by Galileo and Cendant of the opinions of their respective
counsel that, on the basis of the facts, representations and assumptions set
forth or referred to therein, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the merger
will qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. If the merger so qualifies then, in general, Galileo stockholders will
recognize gain (but not loss) equal to the lesser of:

  .  the amount of cash they receive in the merger; and

  . the amount equal to the excess, if any, of the sum of the amount of cash
    and the fair market value of Cendant common stock they receive in the
    merger over the adjusted tax basis of their Galileo common stock.

   Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences of the merger to
each Galileo stockholder will depend on the stockholder's particular facts and
circumstances. Galileo stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors
to understand fully the tax consequences to them of the merger.

Accounting Treatment (page 55)

   The merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting as
such term is used under generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States. The purchase method accounts for a merger as an acquisition of one
company by another.

Appraisal Rights (pages 57 through 59)

   Galileo stockholders who comply with the applicable requirements of Delaware
law will have the right to receive an appraisal of the value of their shares of
Galileo common stock in connection with the merger rather than receive the
merger consideration. A copy of Delaware General Corporation Law Section 262 is
included as Annex E to this proxy statement-prospectus.

Recent Developments

   On June 18, 2001, two virtually identical complaints were filed in the Court
of Chancery in Delaware by alleged Galileo stockholders against Galileo and the
members of the Galileo board. The suits were filed on behalf of plaintiffs,
Lucian D. Cox and Jason Craner, respectively, and as purported class actions on
behalf of all public stockholders of Galileo except the defendants and their
affiliates. The complaints allege that the defendants have failed to act in
good faith toward the plaintiffs and have breached their fiduciary duties to
the plaintiffs in connection with defendants' pursuit and structure of the
merger by failing to shop Galileo to other companies or rival bidders and
denying plaintiffs their rights to share appropriately in the true value of
Galileo. The complaints seek, among other things, class certification, a
judgment declaring that the proposed transaction is unfair, unjust and
inequitable to plaintiffs and the other members of the class, to enjoin,
preliminarily and permanently, the merger, and compensation for all losses and
damages suffered and to be suffered, together with prejudgment and post-
judgment interest and costs and disbursements incurred in connection with the
action, including reasonable attorneys' fees. The defendants believe that the
allegations contained in the complaints are without merit and intend to contest
them vigorously.

                               FINANCIAL SUMMARY

Market Price Data

   Galileo common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "GLC." CD common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol "CD." The following table presents trading information for CD common
stock and Galileo common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on October 19,
2000, June 15, 2001, and      , 2001. October 19, 2000 was the last full
trading day prior to Galileo's announcement that it was exploring strategic
alternatives for the company. June 15, 2001 was the last full trading day prior
to the public announcement of the execution of the merger agreement.      ,
2001 was the last full trading day prior to the printing of this proxy
statement-prospectus.

                                                CD                Galileo
                                           Common Stock         Common Stock
                                       -------------------- --------------------
                                        High   Low   Close   High   Low   Close
                                       ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ------
                                                  (Dollars per Share)

October 19, 2000...................... $ 9.88 $ 8.94 $ 9.75 $17.19 $16.19 $16.25
June 15, 2001.........................  18.60  18.29  18.45  30.10  28.42  29.80
     , 2001...........................

   On      , 2001, there were approximately   holders of record of shares of
Galileo common stock.

Historical Market Prices And Dividends

   The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low
sale prices per share of CD common stock and Galileo common stock on the New
York Stock Exchange, based on published financial sources.

                                                          CD          Galileo
                                                     Common Stock  Common Stock
                                                     ------------- -------------
Calendar Period                                       High   Low    High   Low
- ---------------                                      ------ ------ ------ ------
                                                         (Dollars per Share)

  First Quarter..................................... $22.56 $14.88 $51.88 $41.44
  Second Quarter....................................  21.06  15.38  59.31  44.50
  Third Quarter.....................................  22.63  17.00  58.69  36.00
  Fourth Quarter....................................  26.94  13.63  39.50  25.31

  First Quarter.....................................  26.31  15.63  29.94  16.50
  Second Quarter....................................  19.25  11.84  26.88  18.06
  Third Quarter.....................................  14.88  10.50  23.00  14.81
  Fourth Quarter....................................  12.75   8.13  21.25  13.44

  First Quarter.....................................  15.14   9.63  24.65  19.31
  Second Quarter....................................  20.38  13.75  32.50  19.90
  Third Quarter
  (through July 5, 2001)............................  20.95  20.10  33.29  32.25

 Dividend Policy

   Prior to the public announcement of the merger, Galileo historically paid
dividends on its common stock. Upon execution of the merger agreement, Galileo
suspended payment of regular quarterly dividends. Cendant historically has not
paid dividends on CD common stock. Following the merger, the declaration of
dividends will be at the discretion of the Cendant board of directors and will
be determined after consideration of various factors, including, the earnings
and financial condition of Cendant and its subsidiaries. Cendant expects to
retain its earnings for the development and expansion of its business,
including acquisitions, and the repayment of indebtedness and does not
anticipate paying dividends on CD common stock in the foreseeable future.

                 Selected Historical Financial Data of Cendant

   The selected historical consolidated statement of operations data for the
three years ended December 31, 2000 and the balance sheet data as of December
31, 2000 and 1999 are derived from Cendant's audited consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes filed on Form 10-K/A on July 3, 2001, which
were restated to reflect Cendant's individual membership business as part of
continuing operations. The selected historical consolidated statement of
operations data for the years ended December 31, 1997 and 1996 and the balance
sheet data as of December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996 are derived from Cendant's
unaudited consolidated financial data included in Form 10-K/A filed on July 3,
2001. The selected historical consolidated financial data as of and for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 are derived from Cendant's unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements filed on Form 10-Q/A on July 3,
2001, which were also restated to reflect Cendant's individual membership
business as part of continuing operations. You should read this table in
conjunction with such financial statements, which are incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus.

                           Three Months
                               Ended                      Year Ended
                             March 31,                   December 31,
                          ----------------  ------------------------------------------
                           2001     2000     2000     1999     1998    1997     1996
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ------- -------  -------
                                   (In millions, except per share data)

Results of Operations
Net revenues............  $ 1,486  $ 1,128  $ 4,659  $ 6,076  $ 6,585 $ 5,429  $ 4,370
                          =======  =======  =======  =======  ======= =======  =======
Income (loss) from
 continuing operations..  $   277  $   127  $   660  $  (229) $   160 $    66  $   314
Income (loss) from
 discontinued
 operations, net of
 tax(a).................      --       --       --       174      380     (26)      16
Extraordinary gain
 (loss), net of tax.....      --        (2)      (2)     --       --       26      --
Cumulative effect of
 accounting change, net
 of tax.................      (38)     (56)     (56)     --       --     (283)     --
                          -------  -------  -------  -------  ------- -------  -------
Net income (loss).......  $   239  $    69  $   602  $   (55) $   540 $  (217) $   330
                          =======  =======  =======  =======  ======= =======  =======
Per Share Data
CD Common Stock
 Income (loss) from
  continuing
  operations:
   Basic................  $  0.32  $  0.18  $  0.92  $ (0.30) $  0.19 $  0.08  $  0.41
   Diluted..............     0.30     0.17     0.89    (0.30)    0.18    0.08     0.39
 Cumulative effect of
  accounting change:
   Basic................  $ (0.04) $ (0.08) $ (0.08) $   --   $   --  $ (0.35) $   --
   Diluted..............    (0.04)   (0.08)   (0.08)     --       --    (0.35)     --
 Net income (loss):
   Basic................  $  0.28  $  0.10  $  0.84  $ (0.07) $  0.64 $ (0.27) $  0.44
   Diluted..............     0.26     0.09     0.81    (0.07)    0.61   (0.27)    0.41
Move.com Common Stock
 Income (loss) from
  continuing
  operations:
   Basic................  $ 10.41           $ (1.76)
   Diluted..............    10.13             (1.76)
 Cumulative effect of
  accounting change:
   Basic................  $ (0.07)          $   --
   Diluted..............    (0.06)              --
 Net income (loss):
   Basic................  $ 10.34           $ (1.76)
   Diluted..............    10.07             (1.76)
Financial Position
Total assets............  $27,594  $15,042  $15,072  $15,149  $20,217 $14,073  $12,763
Long-term debt..........    3,903    2,071    1,948    2,445    3,363   1,246      780
Assets under management
 and mortgage programs..   10,660    2,944    2,861    2,726    7,512   6,444    5,279
Debt under management
 and mortgage programs..   10,619    2,653    2,040    2,314    6,897   5,603    5,090
Mandatorily redeemable
 preferred interest in a
 subsidiary.............      375      375      375      --       --      --       --
Mandatorily redeemable
 preferred securities
 issued by subsidiary
 holding solely senior
 debentures issued by
 the Company............      --     1,479    1,683    1,478    1,472     --       --
Stockholders' equity....    5,343    2,583    2,774    2,206    4,836   3,921    3,956

- --------
(a) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax, includes the after
    tax results of discontinued operations and the gain on disposal of
    discontinued operations.

                 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Data of Cendant

   The following Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet of
Cendant as of March 31, 2001 gives effect to the proposed acquisition of
Galileo. The following Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of
Operations of Cendant for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and for the
year ended December 31, 2000 give effect to the proposed acquisition of Galileo
and Cendant's March 1, 2001 acquisition of Avis. Both transactions will be
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting.

   Since the acquisition of Avis occurred prior to March 31, 2001, the
financial position of Avis has been included in the historical Cendant balance
sheet as of March 31, 2001. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance
Sheet assumes the acquisition of Galileo occurred on March 31, 2001. The
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations assume the
acquisitions of Avis and Galileo occurred on January 1, 2000. The unaudited pro
forma financial data is based on the historical consolidated financial
statements of Cendant, Avis and Galileo under the assumptions and adjustments
set forth in the accompanying explanatory notes.

   The following Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations
for the year ended December 31, 2000 also gives effect to various significant
finance-related activities that occurred during the first quarter of 2001
("Financing Activities"). The Financing Activities include an issuance of debt
securities (net of debt retirements) and equity securities, the conversion of
the PRIDES to equity and an issuance of zero-coupon convertible notes. The
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the year
ended December 31, 2000 assumes the Financing Activities occurred on January 1,
2000. In addition, Cendant issued zero-coupon zero-yield convertible notes
during the second quarter of 2001. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Balance Sheet and Statements of Operations assume these debt instruments were
issued as of March 31, 2001 and January 1, 2000, respectively.

   Since Avis and Cendant were consolidated as of March 1, 2001, the results of
operations of Avis between January 1, 2001 and February 28, 2001 were combined
with Cendant's results of operations to report the pro forma results of
operations for the three month period ended March 31, 2001. The pro forma
results of the combined company were then added to Galileo's results of
operations for the three month period ended March 31, 2001 and year ended
December 31, 2000, subject to certain pro forma adjustments, to provide the
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations for the three
months ended March 31, 2001 and the year ended December 31, 2000. All
intercompany transactions have been eliminated on a pro forma basis.
Historically, Avis paid Cendant for services Cendant provided related to call
centers and information technology and for the use of Cendant trademarks and
Avis paid Galileo for services Galileo provided related to reservations for
vehicle rentals.

   In August 2000, Avis contributed its European vehicle management and leasing
business (PHH Europe) to a newly formed joint venture in exchange for cash,
settlement of intercompany debt and a 20% interest in the venture (the "PHH
Europe Transaction"). The accompanying Avis Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2000
has been adjusted to reflect the PHH Europe Transaction.

   The pro forma adjustments relating to the acquisition of Avis reflect the
disbursement of $33 in cash for each share of Avis common stock outstanding to
Avis stockholders. Cendant made payments totaling approximately $994 million,
including payments to Avis stockholders ($937 million), direct expenses related
to the transaction ($40 million) and the net cash obligation related to Avis
stock options settled prior to consummation ($17 million). The purchase price
also includes the fair value of Cendant options exchanged with certain fully
vested Avis option holders who elected not to exercise their options as part of
the acquisition of Avis. The Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of
Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and for the year ended
December 31, 2000 reflect the purchase price being funded by $600 million in
debt with the remaining amount provided by cash.

   The pro forma adjustments relating to the acquisition of Galileo assume a
combination of a disbursement of Cendant common stock and cash with an expected
value of $33 for each share of Galileo common stock outstanding and the
conversion of Galileo stock options to Cendant stock options. Cendant will pay
aggregate consideration and expenses totaling $3,052 million, including
payments of cash and stock to Galileo stockholders ($2,895 million), the
conversion of Galileo stock options to Cendant stock options ($48 million) and
estimated expenses directly related to the transaction ($109 million).
Approximately $2,330 million of the merger consideration is expected to be
funded through the issuance of CD common stock and $48 million through the
issuance of Cendant stock options with the remainder being financed by debt. As
a result, the accompanying unaudited pro forma financial information reflects
incremental interest expense based upon an assumed interest rate of 7.5% for
these new borrowings. In addition, Cendant will assume approximately $620
million in debt of Galileo.

   The unaudited pro forma financial data has been prepared assuming that the
price of CD common stock is $19 at the date of acquisition as that reflects the
market value of CD common stock at the time the Galileo transaction was
announced. The purchase price may change based on fluctuations in the price of
CD common stock, but is subject to the collar described above under "Merger
Consideration."

   For purposes of developing the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2001, Galileo's assets and liabilities have been
recorded at their estimated fair market values and the excess purchase price
has been assigned to goodwill and other identifiable intangibles. These fair
market values are based on preliminary estimates which are subject to revision
upon consummation of the acquisition of Galileo. In connection with Cendant's
various acquisitions, Cendant intends to review acquired operations, which may
result in a plan to realign or reorganize certain of those operations. The
costs of implementing such a plan if it were to occur have not been reflected
in the accompanying pro forma financial statements. The impact of a potential
realignment could increase or decrease the amount of goodwill and intangible
assets, and related amortization in the accompanying pro forma financial
statements. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statements of Operations
exclude any benefits that may result from the acquisition due to synergies that
may be derived or from the elimination of duplicate efforts.

   Cendant's management believes that the assumptions used provide a reasonable
basis on which to present the unaudited pro forma financial data. Cendant has
completed other acquisitions and dispositions which are not significant and,
accordingly, have not been included in the accompanying unaudited pro forma
financial data. The unaudited pro forma financial data may not be indicative of
the financial position or results that would have occurred if the acquisitions
of Avis and Galileo and the Financing Activities had been in effect on the
dates indicated or which may be obtained in the future.

   The unaudited pro forma financial data should be read in conjunction with
the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto
for Cendant, Avis and Galileo, which have been incorporated by reference
herein. Certain reclassifications have been made to the historical amounts of
Galileo to conform with Cendant's classifications.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

                                              As of March 31, 2001
                                   --------------------------------------------
                                                          Purchase
                                   Historical Historical  and Other   Combined
                                    Cendant    Galileo   Adjustments  Pro Forma
                                   ---------- ---------- -----------  ---------
                                                  (in millions)

Assets
Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents.......   $ 2,092     $   11     $  986(a)   $ 3,089
 Receivables, net................     1,380        271        --         1,651
 Other current assets............     1,030         52        --         1,082
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
 Total current assets............     4,502        334        986        5,822
Property and equipment, net......     1,508        373         22(b)     1,903
Stockholder litigation settlement
 trust...........................       600        --         --           600
Deferred income taxes............     1,358        --         --         1,358
Franchise agreements, net........     1,514        --         --         1,514
Goodwill, net....................     4,950        300      2,313(b)     7,563
Other intangibles, net...........       764        455        308(b)     1,527
Other assets.....................     1,738         81         14(a)     1,833
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
 Total assets exclusive of assets
  under programs.................    16,934      1,543      3,643       22,120
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
Assets under management and
 mortgage programs
 Relocation receivables..........       329        --         --           329
 Mortgage loans held for sale....       917        --         --           917
 Mortgage servicing rights.......     1,667        --         --         1,667
 Vehicle-related, net............     7,747        --         --         7,747
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
                                     10,660        --         --        10,660
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
 Total assets....................   $27,594     $1,543     $3,643      $32,780
                                    =======     ======     ======      =======
Liabilities and stockholders'
 equity
Current liabilities
 Accounts payable and other
  current liabilities............   $ 2,258     $  287     $  --       $ 2,545
 Current portion of long-term
  debt...........................       267        188      1,000(a)     1,455
 Deferred income.................     1,046        --         --         1,046
 Deferred income taxes...........       227        --          82(b)       309
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
 Total current liabilities.......     3,798        475      1,082        5,355
Long-term debt...................     3,903        434        674(c)     5,011
Stockholder litigation
 settlement......................     2,850        --         --         2,850
Other liabilities................       706        143        --           849
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
 Total liabilities exclusive of
  liabilities under programs.....    11,257      1,052      1,756       14,065
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
Liabilities under management and
 mortgage programs
 Debt............................     9,589        --         --         9,589
 Deferred income taxes...........     1,030        --         --         1,030
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
                                     10,619        --         --        10,619
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
Mandatorily redeemable preferred
 interest in a subsidiary........       375        --         --           375
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
Stockholders' equity.............     5,343        491      1,887(d)     7,721
                                    -------     ------     ------      -------
 Total liabilites and
  stockholders' equity...........   $27,594     $1,543     $3,643      $32,780
                                    =======     ======     ======      =======

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet.

                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                        CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                              As of March 31, 2001
                                ($ in millions)

   The accompanying Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet was
prepared to reflect the proposed acquisition of Galileo, which will be
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and the issuance of
zero-coupon zero-yield convertible notes. The purchase price of $3,052
(including estimated expenses directly attributable to the acquisition of
Galileo of $109 and the estimated fair value of Cendant stock options issued in
exchange for Galileo stock options of $48) was based on acquiring 100% of the
Galileo common stock outstanding for $33 per share.

     (a) Represents the debt associated with the zero-coupon zero-yield
  convertible notes issued in the second quarter of 2001 ($1,000) with net
  proceeds of $986 and deferred financing costs of $14.

     (b) Estimated adjustments to goodwill representing the excess of the
  cost over the preliminary estimate of the fair value of the identifiable
  net assets acquired.

   Calculation of acquisition goodwill--
     Cash consideration............................................... $  674
     Issuance of Cendant equity.......................................  2,330
     Preliminary estimate of fair value of Cendant stock options
      issued in exchange for Galileo stock options....................     48
                                                                       ------
       Total purchase price........................................... $3,052
                                                                       ------
     Preliminary estimate of fair value of identifiable net assets
      acquired--
       Book value of Galileo..........................................    491
       Elimination of Galileo goodwill................................   (300)
       Preliminary estimate of adjustments to fair value of
        identifiable intangible assets................................    308
       Preliminary estimate of adjustment to fair value of computer
        software......................................................     22
       Net deferred tax liability on fair value adjustments and
        transaction costs.............................................    (82)
                                                                       ------
     Preliminary estimate of fair value of identifiable net assets
      acquired........................................................    439
                                                                       ------
     Acquisition goodwill............................................. $2,613
                                                                       ======
   Calculation of goodwill acquisition adjustment--
     Acquisition goodwill............................................. $2,613
     Historical Galileo goodwill......................................   (300)
                                                                       ------
     Goodwill acquisition adjustment.................................. $2,313
                                                                       ======

     (c) Represents the issuance of debt to finance part of the acquisition
  ($565) and to pay fees directly associated with the acquisition of Galileo
  ($109).

     (d) Represents the elimination of Galileo equity balances ($491) net of
  the issuance of CD common stock ($2,330) in exchange for outstanding shares
  of Galileo common stock and the issuance of Cendant stock options in
  exchange for Galileo stock options ($48).

                              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                   CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                                                      Three Months Ended
                                                        March 31, 2001
                          -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   Avis                            Galileo
                          Historical Historical  Purchase    Adjusted Historical  Purchase    Combined
                           Cendant      Avis    Adjustments  Cendant   Galileo   Adjustments  Pro Forma
                          ---------- ---------- -----------  -------- ---------- -----------  ---------
                                            (in millions, except per share amounts)

Revenues
Membership and services
 fees, net..............    $1,076      $ 27       $(34)(a)   $1,069     $--        $--        $1,069
Vehicle-related.........       398       594        --           992      --         --           992
Global distribution
 services...............       --        --         --           --       443         (3)(f)      440
Other...................        12        20        -- (b)        32       23        --            55
                            ------      ----       ----       ------     ----       ----       ------
Net revenues............     1,486       641        (34)       2,093      466         (3)       2,556
Expenses
Operating...............       451       174        (34)(a)      591      104         (3)(f)      692
Vehicle depreciation,
 lease charges and
 interest, net..........       181       284        --           465      --         --           465
Selling, general and
 administrative.........       411       115        --           526      191        --           717
Non-vehicle depreciation
 and amortization.......       101        23          2(d)       126       67         (4)(g)      189
Other charges, net......       204       --         --           204      --         --           204
Non-vehicle interest,
 net....................        60        78          1(c)       139       10         13(h)       162
Other, net..............       --        --         --           --         4        --             4
                            ------      ----       ----       ------     ----       ----       ------
Total expenses..........     1,408       674        (31)       2,051      376          6        2,433
                            ------      ----       ----       ------     ----       ----       ------
Net gain on dispositions
 of businesses..........       435       --         --           435      --         --           435
                            ------      ----       ----       ------     ----       ----       ------
Income (loss) before
 income taxes, minority
 interest and equity in
 Homestore.com..........       513       (33)        (3)         477       90         (9)         558
Provision (benefit) for
 income taxes...........       205       (10)        (2)(e)      193       40         (3)(i)      230
Minority interest, net
 of tax.................        13       --         --            13      --         --            13
Losses related to equity
 in Homestore.com, net
 of tax.................        18       --         --            18      --         --            18
                            ------      ----       ----       ------     ----       ----       ------
Income (loss) before
 cumulative effect of
 accounting change......    $  277      $(23)      $ (1)      $  253     $ 50       $ (6)      $  297
                            ======      ====       ====       ======     ====       ====       ======
CD Common Stock Income
 Per Share
 Income before
  cumulative effect of
  accounting change:
   Basic................    $ 0.32                            $ 0.29                           $ 0.30(k)
   Diluted..............      0.30                              0.28                           $ 0.29(k)
 Weighted average
  shares outstanding
   Basic................       790                               790                 123(j)       913
   Diluted..............       830                               830                 123(j)       953
Move.com Common Stock
 Income Per Share
 Income before
  cumulative effect of
  accounting change:
   Basic................    $10.41                            $10.41                           $10.41
   Diluted..............     10.13                             10.13                           $10.13
 Weighted average
  shares outstanding
   Basic................         2                                 2                                2
   Diluted..............         3                                 3                                3

- --------

 See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
                                  operations.

                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                   CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                   For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2001
                       ($ in millions, except per share)

   The following pro forma adjustments relate to the acquisition of Avis and
the Financing Activities.

     (a) Elimination of amounts paid by Avis to Cendant for services related
  to call centers and information technology and for the use of trademarks.

     (b) Elimination of Cendant's earnings attributable to its investment in
  Avis, for which the combined effect is zero.

     (c) Represents interest expense on the acquisition financing ($7), net
  of amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired debt ($4) and
  reversal of Avis' amortization of debt related costs ($2).

     (d) Amortization of goodwill generated on the excess of fair value over
  the net assets acquired on a straight line basis over 40 years, net of
  reversal of Avis' amortization of pre-acquisition goodwill and amortization
  of other identifiable intangibles resulting from the allocation of purchase
  price on a straight-line basis over 20 years.

     (e) Represents the income tax effect of the purchase adjustments and
  other pro forma adjustments at an estimated statutory rate of 38.5% (not
  including adjustments for non-deductible goodwill).

   The following pro forma adjustments relate to the acquisition of Galileo.

     (f) Elimination of amounts paid by Avis to Galileo for services provided
  related to reservations for vehicle rentals.

     (g) Amortization of goodwill generated on the estimated excess of fair
  value over the net assets acquired on a straight line basis over 40 years
  ($16) plus the amortization of the estimated identifiable intangibles on a
  straight-line basis with lives ranging from 5 to 20 years ($11) net of the
  reversal of Galileo's amortization of pre-acquisition goodwill and
  amortization of other identifiable intangibles ($31).

     (h) Represents the increase in interest expense relating to the assumed
  issuance of debt used to fund the acquisition of Galileo. The interest rate
  relating to this debt is assumed to be 7.5%. Assuming interest rates
  changed by .125%, the related interest expense and pre-tax impact on
  earnings would be $0.2.

     (i) Represents the income tax effect of the purchase adjustments and
  other pro forma adjustments at an estimated statutory rate of 38.5% (not
  including adjustments for non-deductible goodwill).

     (j) Represents the issuance of 123 million shares of CD common stock.

     (k) The purchase price is subject to a collar for fluctuations of the
  price of CD common stock between $17 and $20. The total purchase price is
  fixed for price changes between $17 and $20, but the number of shares of CD
  common stock will change to equal $2,330 in value. The impact on earnings
  per share is approximately $.002 for each dollar movement between $17 and
  $20. The impact for increases and decreases outside of the collar would
  result only from changes in the annual goodwill amortization because the
  number of shares of CD common stock issued is fixed outside of the collar.
  The related impact on earnings per share would be less than $.002 for each
  dollar change in price of CD common stock outside the collar. The earnings
  per share reflected herein is based on an estimated price of CD common
  stock of $19 as that reflects the market value of CD common stock at the
  time the Galileo transaction was announced.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                                                      Year Ended December 31, 2000
                          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Avis       Other Pro                           Galileo
                          Historical Adjusted  Purchase       Forma       Adjusted Historical  Purchase    Combined
                           Cendant   Avis(1)  Adjustments  Adjustments    Cendant   Galileo   Adjustments  Pro Forma
                          ---------- -------- -----------  -----------    -------- ---------- -----------  ---------
                                                 (in millions, except per share amounts)

Revenues
Membership and services
 fees, net..............    $4,512    $  155     $(173)(a)    $--          $4,494    $  --       $--        $ 4,494
Vehicle-related.........       --      3,783       --          --           3,783       --        --          3,783
Global distribution
 services...............       --        --        --          --             --      1,561       (12)(k)     1,549
Other...................       147       151       (39)(b)     --             259        82       --            341
                            ------    ------     -----        ----         ------    ------      ----       -------
Net revenues............     4,659     4,089      (212)        --           8,536     1,643       (12)       10,167
Expenses
Operating...............     1,426       966      (173)(a)     --           2,219       368       (12)(k)     2,575
Vehicle depreciation,
 lease charges and
 interest, net..........       --      1,671       --          --           1,671       --        --          1,671
Selling, general and
 administrative.........     1,508       637       --          --           2,145       678       --          2,823
Non-vehicle depreciation
 and amortization.......       352        74        16 (c)     --             442       241         2 (l)       685
Other charges, net......       111       --        --          --             111        28       --            139
Non-vehicle interest,
 net....................       148       482         6 (d)      54 (g,i)      690        45        51 (m)       786
Other, net..............       --        --        --          --             --         17       --             17
                            ------    ------     -----        ----         ------    ------      ----       -------
Total expenses..........     3,545     3,830      (151)         54          7,278     1,377        41         8,696
                            ------    ------     -----        ----         ------    ------      ----       -------
Net loss on dispositions
 of businesses..........        (8)      --        (35)(e)     --             (43)      --        --            (43)
                            ------    ------     -----        ----         ------    ------      ----       -------
Income before income
 taxes, minority
 interest and equity in
 Homestore.com..........     1,106       259       (96)        (54)         1,215       266       (53)        1,428
Provision for income
 taxes..................       362       117       (30)(f)     (20)(f)        429       117       (13)(n)       533
Minority interest, net
 of tax.................        84         7       --          (66)(h)         25       --        --             25
                            ------    ------     -----        ----         ------    ------      ----       -------
Income before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of
 accounting change......    $  660    $  135     $ (66)       $ 32         $  761    $  149      $(40)      $   870
                            ======    ======     =====        ====         ======    ======      ====       =======
CD Common Stock Income
 Per Share
 Income before
  extraordinary loss
  and cumulative effect
  of accounting change:
   Basic................    $ 0.92                                         $ 0.92                           $  0.92 (p)
   Diluted..............      0.89                                           0.90                           $  0.89 (p)
 Weighted average
  shares outstanding
   Basic................       724                             107 (j)        831                 123 (o)       954
   Diluted..............       762                             107 (j)        869                 123 (o)       992
Move.com Common Stock
 Income Per Share
 Income before
  extraordinary loss
  and cumulative effect
  of accounting change:
   Basic................    $(1.76)                                        $(1.76)                          $ (1.76)
   Diluted..............     (1.76)                                         (1.76)                          $ (1.76)
 Weighted average
  shares outstanding
   Basic................         3                                              3                                 3
   Diluted..............         3                                              3                                 3

- -------
(1) See Supplemental Unaudited Condensed Combined Statement of Operations and
    Notes included herein.

 See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
                                  operations.

                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                   CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                      For the Year Ended December 31, 2000
                       ($ in millions, except per share)

   The following pro forma adjustments relate to the acquisition of Avis and
the Financing Activities.

     (a) Elimination of amounts paid by Avis to Cendant for services related
  to call centers and information technology and for the use of trademarks.

     (b) Elimination of Cendant's earnings attributable to its investment in
  Avis.

     (c) Amortization of goodwill generated on the excess of fair value over
  the net assets acquired on a straight-line basis over 40 years, net of
  reversal of Avis' amortization of pre-acquisition goodwill and amortization
  of other identifiable intangibles resulting from the allocation of purchase
  price on a straight-line basis over 20 years.

     (d) Represents interest expense on the acquisition financing ($44), net
  of amortization of fair value adjustment on acquired debt and reversal of
  Avis' amortization of debt related costs ($38).

     (e) Reversal of a $35 gain recorded by Cendant, which represents the
  recognition of a portion of its previously recorded deferred gain from the
  1999 sale of its fleet business due to the disposition of PHH Europe by
  Avis in August 2000.

     (f) Represents the income tax effect of the purchase adjustments and
  other pro forma adjustments at an estimated statutory rate of 37.5% (not
  including adjustments for non-deductible goodwill), except item (e), where
  the tax effect was approximately 2% (the rate at which taxes were provided
  on the related gain).

     (g) Represents net increase in interest expense relating to the issuance
  of zero-coupon convertible notes, medium-term notes, borrowings under a
  $650 million term loan agreement and the repayment of an existing term
  loan, net of interest expense allocated to the acquisition of Avis (See
  Note (d) above).

     (h) Represents reduction in preferred stock dividends resulting from
  conversion of PRIDES to equity.

     (i) No adjustment has been made to reduce interest expense for interest
  income on the incremental cash raised through the Financing Activities of
  $1,587. Assuming the incremental cash was invested at 5%, Cendant's current
  rate for cash investments, interest expense would have been reduced by $79.
  Additionally, income before extraordinary loss and cumulative effect of
  accounting change and income per share before extraordinary loss and
  cumulative effect of accounting change would have improved by $49 and
  $0.06, respectively.

     (j) Represents the issuance of CD common stock of 61 million shares and
  46 million shares relating to the conversion of PRIDES to equity and the
  issuance of equity securities, respectively.

   The following pro forma adjustments relate to the acquisition of Galileo.

     (k)  Elimination of amounts paid by Avis to Galileo for services
  provided related to reservations for vehicle rentals.

     (l)  Amortization of goodwill generated on the excess of fair value over
  the net assets acquired on a straight line basis over 40 years ($65) plus
  the amortization of the identifiable intangibles on a straight-line basis
  with lives ranging from 5 to 20 years ($46) net of the reversal of
  Galileo's amortization of pre-acquisition goodwill and amortization of
  other identifiable intangibles ($109).

     (m) Represents the increase in interest expense relating to the assumed
  issuance of debt used to fund the acquisition of Galileo. The interest rate
  relating to this debt is assumed to be 7.5%. Assuming interest rates
  changed by .125%, the related interest expense and pre-tax impact on
  earnings would be $0.8.

     (n) Represents the income tax effect of the purchase adjustments and
  other pro forma adjustments at an estimated statutory rate of 37.5% (not
  including adjustments for non-deductible goodwill).

     (o) Represents the issuance of 123 million shares of CD common stock.

     (p) The purchase price is subject to a collar for fluctuations of the
  price of CD common stock between $17 and $20. The total purchase price is
  fixed for price changes between $17 and $20, but the number of shares of CD
  common stock will change to equal $2,330 in value. The impact on earnings
  per share is approximately $.006 for each dollar movement between $17 and
  $20. The impact for increases and decreases outside of the collar would
  result only from changes in the annual goodwill amortization because the
  number of shares of CD common stock issued is fixed outside of the collar.
  The related impact on earnings per share would be less than $.007 for each
  dollar change in price of CD common stock outside the collar. The earnings
  per share reflected herein is based on an estimated price of CD common
  stock of $19 as that reflects the market value of CD common stock at the
  time the Galileo transaction was announced.

  SUPPLEMENTAL UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

   The unaudited pro forma financial data presented below for the year ended
December 31, 2000 was prepared to reflect the historical consolidated financial
statements of Avis, excluding the PHH Europe Transaction, as set forth in the
accompanying Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2000. Avis will receive an annual
license fee in connection with the PHH Europe Transaction from the joint
venture for the license of the PHH fleet management technology, PHH
interactive. Avis utilized the proceeds of the PHH Europe Transaction to reduce
Avis' indebtedness and pay transaction costs.

                                 Historical    Sale of      Pro Forma   Adjusted
                                    Avis    PHH Europe (a) Adjustments    Avis
                                 ---------- -------------- -----------  --------

Revenues
 Service fees, net                 $  241       $ (86)        $--        $  155
 Vehicle rental                     2,467         --           --         2,467
 Vehicle leasing and other fees     1,389         (73)         --         1,316
 Other                                146         --             5 (b)      151
                                   ------       -----         ----       ------
Net revenues                        4,243        (159)           5        4,089
Expenses
 Operating                            966         --           --           966
 Vehicle depreciation and lease
  charges                           1,695         (24)         --         1,671
 Selling, general and
  administrative                      693         (56)         --           637
 Interest, net                        577         (37)         (58)(c)      482
 Depreciation and amortization         89         (12)          (3)(d)       74
                                   ------       -----         ----       ------
Total expenses                      4,020        (129)         (61)       3,830
Income (loss) before income
 taxes and minority interest          223         (30)          66          259
Provision(benefit) for income
 taxes                                 95          (3)          25 (e)      117
Minority interest                       7         --           --             7
                                   ------       -----         ----       ------
Income (loss) before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of
 accounting change                 $  121       $ (27)        $ 41       $  135
                                   ======       =====         ====       ======

 See accompanying notes to supplemental unaudited pro forma condensed combined
                            statement of operations.

   NOTES TO SUPPLEMENTAL UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF
                                   OPERATIONS
                      For the year ended December 31, 2000
                                ($ in millions)

   The following is a summary of estimated adjustments to the Supplemental
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations of Avis:

(a)  Represents the adjustment to pro forma the results of operations of PHH
     Europe for the year ended December 31, 2000. This adjustment assumes that
     the PHH Europe Transaction occurred on January 1, 2000.

(b)  Represents fleet management technology fee income and the equity in the
     earnings of the joint venture, formed pursuant to the PHH Europe
     Transaction for the year ended December 31, 2000, net of amortization of
     the excess of cost over the assets acquired.

(c)  Interest reduction as a result of the retirement of acquisition debt and
     revolving credit facilities related to the application of proceeds of
     $1,053 from the PHH Europe Transaction.

(d)  Decrease in amortization expense relating to goodwill generated from the
     PHH Europe Transaction, net of reversal of PHH Europe goodwill.

(e)  Represents the income tax effect of the pro forma adjustments at an
     estimated statutory rate of 39% (not including adjustments for non-
     deductible goodwill).

                 SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF GALILEO

   The selected historical consolidated financial data of Galileo presented
below as of and for the year ended December 31 for each of the fiscal years in
the five-year period ended December 31, 2000, are derived from Galileo's
audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The selected
historical consolidated financial data as of and for the three months ended
March 31, 2001, and 2000 are derived from Galileo's unaudited consolidated
condensed financial statements. You should read this table in conjunction with
Galileo's consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2000, and 1999, and
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000, and
Galileo's unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements at March 31,
2001, and for the three months ended March 31, 2001, and 2000, which are
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus. See "Where You
Can Find More Information" on pages   through  .

                           Three months
                          ended March 31,            Year Ended December 31,
                         ----------------- --------------------------------------------
                           2001   2000(1)  2000(2)  1999(3)  1998(4)  1997(5)    1996
                         -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- --------
                            (unaudited)
                                  (dollars in millions, except per share data)

Selected Income
 Statement  Data
Revenues................ $  465.9 $  440.7 $1,643.3 $1,526.1 $1,480.8 $1,256.1 $1,088.3
Operating income........    104.2     99.3    327.6    312.9    331.6    211.5    175.4
Income before income
 taxes..................     90.3     87.6    265.9    361.3    325.5    205.6    167.1
Income taxes............     39.7     40.2    117.0    143.1    129.9     44.0      1.9
Net income..............     50.6     47.4    148.9    218.2    195.6    161.6    165.2
Pro forma net
 income(6)..............      --       --       --       --       --     123.4    100.3
Net income per share:
  Basic.................     0.57     0.52     1.65     2.22     1.87      --       --
  Pro forma basic(6)....      --       --       --       --       --      1.30     1.14
  Diluted...............     0.57     0.52     1.65     2.21     1.86      --       --
  Pro forma diluted(6)..      --       --       --       --       --      1.30     1.14
Selected Balance Sheet
 Data
Current assets..........    333.6    348.5    244.7    230.5    243.5    224.3    240.8
Total assets............  1,543.0  1,554.9  1,479.2  1,255.2  1,291.1  1,268.5    599.9
Current liabilities.....    474.6    281.7    436.9    319.2    231.8    201.4    199.6
Long-term debt..........    434.4    691.0    434.4    434.4     69.5    250.0     70.0
Other long-term
 obligations............    142.9     97.3    142.7    108.0    147.2    133.4     74.9
Partners' capital.......      --       --       --       --       --       --     255.4
Stockholders' equity....    491.1    484.9    465.2    393.6    842.6    683.7      --

- --------
(1)  For the three months ended March 31, 2000, operating expenses include a
     $19.7 million ($11.0 million after tax) special charge related to the
     extinguishment of a portion of Galileo's liability arising from a services
     agreement with US Airways and a $7.0 million (non-tax deductible) special
     charge to write off in-process research and development costs related to
     Galileo's acquisition of Trip.com.
(2)  For the year ended December 31, 2000, operating expenses include a $19.7
     million ($11.0 million after tax) special charge related to the
     extinguishment of a portion of Galileo's liability arising from a services
     agreement with US Airways, a $7.0 million (non-tax deductible) special
     charge to write off in-process research and development costs related to
     the Trip.com acquisition, and a $1.7 million ($1.0 million after tax)
     special charge related to the integration of Galileo UK.
(3)  For the year ended December 31, 1999, operating expenses include an $83.2
     million ($50.2 million after tax) special charge related to the
     extinguishment of a portion of Galileo's liability arising from a services

   agreement with United and an $11.3 million ($6.8 million after tax) recovery
   of expenses previously reserved for the realignment of Galileo's United
   Kingdom operations. Net income includes net gains of $64.0 million ($38.6
   million after tax) from Galileo's investments in technology companies.
(4)  For the year ended December 31, 1998, operating expenses include $26.4
     million ($15.9 million after tax) of special charges related to the
     realignment of Galileo's operations in the United Kingdom and $13.4
     million ($8.1 million after tax) in gains related to settlements of
     contractual disputes from prior years.
(5)  Effective July 30, 1997, Galileo International Partnership merged into a
     wholly owned limited liability company subsidiary of Galileo
     International, Inc., Galileo effected an initial public offering of its
     common stock, and it incurred debt related to the purchase of three
     national distribution companies ("NDCs"). For the year ended December 31,
     1997, the results of the acquired NDCs have been consolidated with those
     of Galileo from the date of each acquisition. Operating expenses for the
     year ended December 31, 1997 include $20.1 million ($12.1 million after
     tax) of special charges related to the integration of the acquired NDCs
     and a $15.3 million nonrecurring charge to reflect the establishment of
     initial deferred tax assets and liabilities. No provision for U.S. federal
     and state income taxes was recorded prior to July 30, 1997 as such
     liability was the responsibility of the partners of Galileo International
     Partnership, rather than of Galileo.
(6)  As a result of the merger and the offering specified in footnote (5)
     above, pro forma net income and pro forma basic and diluted earnings per
     share data are calculated as though: (i) partners' capital was converted
     into 88,000,000 shares of Galileo common stock for all periods presented
     and the 16,799,700 shares issued to the public were outstanding from July
     30, 1997, and (ii) Galileo had operated in a corporate form for all
     periods presented and accordingly was subject to federal and state income
     taxes.

                           Comparative Per Share Data

   The following table sets forth certain historical and pro forma per share
data of Cendant and certain historical and equivalent pro forma per share data
of Galileo. The pro forma per share data is based on Cendant exchanging 19.5%
of the issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock for cash and 80.5%
of the issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock for CD common
stock. The pro forma per share data presented below for Cendant gives effect to
both the completed acquisition of Avis as well as the planned acquisition of
Galileo as if the acquisitions were consummated on January 1, 2000. The
information set forth below should be read in conjuction with the selected
historical financial data of Cendant and Galileo included elsewhere in this
proxy statement-prospectus and the pro forma information of Cendant, which
gives effect to the acquisition of Avis, filed in Cendant's Current Report on
Form 8-K on July 3, 2001, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on pages
through  .

                                                                     Galileo
                                    Cendant    Galileo    Cendant   Equivalent
                                   Historical Historical Pro Forma Pro Forma(2)
                                   ---------- ---------- --------- ------------

(Assuming Average Trading Price
 of CD Common Stock of $17)
Diluted earnings per share before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of accounting
 change:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................    $0.89      $1.65      $0.88      $1.38
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................     0.30       0.57       0.28       0.44
Cash dividends per share:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................      --        0.36        --         --
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................      --        0.09        --         --
Book value per share(1):
 As of December 31, 2000.........     3.77       5.27       5.90       9.22
 As of March 31, 2001............     6.31       5.60       7.85      12.26
(Assuming Average Trading Price
 of CD Common Stock of $18)
Diluted earnings per share before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of accounting
 change:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................     0.89       1.65       0.89       1.31
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................     0.30       0.57       0.28       0.42
Cash dividends per share:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................      --        0.36        --         --
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................      --        0.09        --         --
Book value per share(1):
 As of December 31, 2000.........     3.77       5.27       5.95       8.79
 As of March 31, 2001............     6.31       5.60       7.91      11.67
(Assuming Average Trading Price
 of CD Common Stock of $19)
Diluted earnings per share before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of accounting
 change:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................     0.89       1.65       0.89       1.25
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................     0.30       0.57       0.29       0.40
Cash dividends per share:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................      --        0.36        --         --
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................      --        0.09        --         --
Book value per share(1):
 As of December 31, 2000.........     3.77       5.27       6.00       8.39
 As of March 31, 2001............     6.31       5.60       7.96      11.14

                                                                     Galileo
                                    Cendant    Galileo    Cendant   Equivalent
                                   Historical Historical Pro Forma Pro Forma(2)
                                   ---------- ---------- --------- ------------

(Assuming Average Trading Price
 of CD Common Stock of $20)(3)
Diluted earnings per share before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of accounting
 change:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................    $0.89      $1.65      $0.90      $1.20
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................     0.30       0.57       0.29       0.38
Cash dividends per share:
 For the year ended December 31,
  2000...........................      --        0.36        --         --
 For the three months ended March
  31, 2001.......................      --        0.09        --         --
Book value per share(1):
 As of December 31, 2000.........     3.77       5.27       6.05       8.03
 As of March 31, 2001............     6.31       5.60       8.02      10.65

- --------
(1) Historical and pro forma book value per share for Cendant and the
    historical book value per share for Galileo is computed by dividing total
    stockholders' equity by the number of shares outstanding at the end of each
    period.
(2) The Galileo equivalent pro forma per share data is calculated based on
    Cendant pro forma per share data, and an exchange ratio of 1.563, 1.476,
    1.398 and 1.328 of shares of CD common stock for each share of Galileo
    common stock outstanding assuming an average trading price of CD common
    stock of $17.00, $18.00, $19.00 and $20.00, respectively.
(3) At an average price of $20.29, Cendant's zero-coupon convertible debentures
    may be converted into approximately 49 million shares and therefore would
    be included in Cendant's calculation of diluted earnings per share
    prospectively.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   In addition to the other information included in this proxy statement-
prospectus (including the matters addressed in "Special Note Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements"), you should carefully consider the matters described below
in determining whether to vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement.

The Value of the Merger Consideration is Subject to Changes Based on
Fluctuations in the Value of CD Common Stock to be Received in the Merger

   Except as otherwise described below, you will receive up to $6.435 in cash
and between 1.32825 and approximately 1.56265 shares of CD common stock in the
merger for each share of Galileo common stock you own. Although the number of
shares of CD common stock to be issued is fixed within this range, the market
price of CD common stock when the merger takes place may vary from the market
price at the date of this proxy statement-prospectus and at the date of the
special meeting. For example, during the 12-month period ending on      , 2001
(the most recent practicable date prior to the printing of this proxy
statement-prospectus), the sale price of CD common stock varied from a low of
$    to a high of $    and ended that period at $   . Variations like these may
occur as a result of changes in the business, operations or prospects of
Cendant or the combined company, market assessments of the likelihood that the
merger will be completed and the timing of the merger's completion, regulatory
considerations, general market and economic conditions and other factors.
Because the market price of CD common stock fluctuates, the overall value of
the merger consideration, including the value of the cash portion of the merger
consideration, you will receive at the time of the merger may be adversely
affected by changes in the market price of CD common stock.

   If the closing is delayed by more than 30 days after the special meeting due
to certain regulatory delays, the measurement period for determining the
exchange ratio will be changed. This change may adversely affect the value of
the merger consideration you will receive because the exchange ratio will be
recalculated based upon a measurement period closely preceding the closing
date, and the value of the CD common stock could change significantly prior to
the new measurement period.

Galileo Stockholders May Receive Less than $33.00 Per Share of Galileo Common
Stock in Certain Circumstances

   Upon completion of the merger, each share of Galileo common stock will be
converted into the right to receive CD common stock and cash. If the average
trading price during the measurement period is $17.00 or less, the exchange
ratio will be fixed at approximately 1.56265. Consequently, the expected value
of the stock portion of the merger consideration will decrease if the average
trading price is less than $17.00. In addition, in order to preserve the tax-
free nature of the stock portion of the merger consideration, the value of the
cash portion of the merger consideration is subject to reduction to keep it at
no more than 19.5% of the total value of the merger consideration determined as
of the closing date. This reduction in the cash portion of the merger
consideration will occur if the average closing price for CD common stock is
less than $17.00 per share or if the average closing price is less than the
average trading price for CD common stock, unless both averages are $20.00 or
more. See "Summary--Merger Consideration." Thus, a decrease in the price per
share of CD common stock could result in your receiving less than $33.00 per
share of Galileo common stock.

CD Common Stock May Be Subject to Disproportionate Market Risk

   The market prices of CD common stock and of securities of the publicly-held
companies in the industry in which Cendant operates have shown volatility and
sensitivity in response to many factors. These factors include overall economic
conditions and consumer confidence, general market trends, public
communications regarding litigation and judicial decisions, legislative or
regulatory actions, pricing trends, competition, earnings, membership reports
of particular industry participants and acquisition activity. Cendant cannot
assure the level or stability of the price of its securities at any time or the
impact of the foregoing or any other factors on such prices. We urge you to
obtain current market quotations for CD common stock.

Failure to Complete the Merger Could Have a Negative Impact on the Market Price
and Future Business and Operations of Galileo

   If the merger is not completed, the market price of Galileo common stock may
be affected negatively by the following:

  . the price of Galileo common stock may decline to the extent that the
    current market price reflects a market assumption that the merger will be
    completed;

  . Galileo may be required to pay Cendant a termination fee of $100 million
    plus up to $10 million in expenses;

  . the option granted to Cendant by Galileo pursuant to the stock option
    agreement may be exercised, resulting in a substantial increase in the
    number of shares of Galileo common stock outstanding, which could depress
    Galileo's market price and make another business combination involving
    Galileo more difficult;

  . costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and financial
    printing fees, as well as a portion of the financial advisory fees, must
    be paid even if the merger is not completed; and

  . the diversion of management's attention from the day-to-day business
    operations of Galileo and the unavoidable disruption to its employees and
    its relationships with its customers and suppliers during the period
    before completion of the merger may make it difficult to regain financial
    and market position if the merger does not occur.

Obtaining Required Approvals and Satisfying Closing Conditions May Delay or
Prevent Completion of the Merger

   Completion of the merger is conditioned upon our receipt of certain
governmental consents and approvals, including consents and approvals required
under the United States and certain foreign antitrust laws. Failure to obtain
these consents and approvals in a timely manner, or at all, may delay or
prevent consummation of the merger. Governmental authorities may also impose
conditions in connection with the merger that may adversely affect Cendant's
operations after the merger. Galileo and Cendant intend to vigorously pursue
all required approvals.

   In addition, Cendant routinely considers and pursues strategic acquisitions
and divestitures. If Cendant enters into an acquisition agreement with a
competitor of Galileo, and the closing of Cendant's acquisition of Galileo is
delayed due to regulatory delays primarily as a result of that action,
including the failure to obtain the regulatory approvals discussed above, the
merger may be delayed or may not be completed.

Cendant's Failure to Successfully Integrate Galileo on a Timely Basis into
Cendant's Operations Could Reduce Cendant's Profitability

   Cendant expects that the acquisition of Galileo will result in certain
synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects. Cendant, however, may
never realize these expected synergies, business opportunities and growth
prospects. Cendant may experience increased competition that limits its ability
to expand its business, assumptions underlying estimates of expected cost
savings may be inaccurate, or general industry and business conditions may
deteriorate. In addition, integrating operations will require significant
efforts from both Cendant and Galileo. Personnel may leave or be terminated
because of the merger. Cendant's management may have its attention diverted
while trying to integrate Galileo and other acquisitions. If these factors
limit Cendant's ability to integrate the operations of Galileo successfully or
on a timely basis, Cendant's expectations of future results of operations,
including certain cost savings and synergies expected to result from the
merger, may not be met. In addition, Cendant's growth and operating strategies
for Galileo's business may be different from the strategies that Galileo
currently is pursuing. If Cendant's strategies are not the proper strategies
for Galileo, it could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
condition and results of operations of Galileo. See "Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements."

Failure to Maintain Galileo's Existing Relationships with Customers and
Suppliers After the Merger Could Prevent Benefits Expected to Result from the
Merger

   Galileo generates most of its revenues from the provision of electronic
global distribution services to the travel industry. For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000, Galileo generated approximately 95% of its total revenues
from these services. Fees generated through bookings made by Galileo's travel
agency customers are the primary source of this revenue. If, as a result of the
merger, Galileo were to lose and not replace the bookings generated by
Galileo's current travel agency customers as a result of Cendant's current
involvement in the travel industry or otherwise, its business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In
addition, Galileo's travel vendors, which include airlines, hotels and car
rental agencies, participate in Galileo's computer reservation systems for the
distribution of their travel services. United is the largest single travel
vendor utilizing Galileo's systems, as measured by booking fee revenue,
generating booking fees that accounted for approximately 11% of Galileo's
booking fee revenue in 2000. Although Cendant believes that airlines, hotels
and car rental agencies will continue to distribute travel services through
Galileo's systems, the loss of booking fees from United or other key airlines,
hotels and car rental agencies could have a material adverse effect on the
business, financial condition and results of operations of Galileo.

The Merger May Adversely Affect Galileo's Ability to Attract and Retain Key
Employees

   Current and prospective Galileo employees may experience uncertainty about
their future roles after the merger. In addition, current and prospective
Galileo employees may determine that they do not desire to work for Cendant for
a variety of reasons. These factors may adversely affect Galileo's ability to
attract and retain key management, sales, marketing and other personnel.

Discovery of Accounting Irregularities and Related Litigation and Government
Investigations

   Cendant was created in December 1997, through the merger of HFS Incorporated
into CUC International with CUC surviving and changing its name to Cendant
Corporation. On April 15, 1998, Cendant announced that in the course of
transferring responsibility for Cendant's accounting functions from Cendant
personnel associated with CUC prior to the merger to Cendant personnel
associated with HFS before the merger and preparing for the reporting of first
quarter 1998 financial results, Cendant discovered accounting irregularities in
some of the CUC business units. As a result, Cendant, together with its counsel
and assisted by auditors, immediately began an intensive investigation.

   As a result of the findings of the investigations, Cendant restated its
previously reported financial results for 1997, 1996 and 1995 and the six
months ended June 30, 1998.

   Since the April 15, 1998 announcement of the discovery of accounting
irregularities in the former business units of CUC, approximately 70 lawsuits
claiming to be class actions, three lawsuits claiming to be brought
derivatively on Cendant's behalf and several individual lawsuits and
arbitration proceedings have commenced in various courts and other forums
against Cendant and other defendants by or on behalf of persons claiming to be
stockholders of Cendant and persons claiming to have purchased or otherwise
acquired securities or options issued by CUC or Cendant between May 1995 and
August 1998.

   The SEC and the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey are
also conducting investigations relating to the matters referenced above. As a
result of the findings from Cendant's internal investigations, Cendant made all
adjustments considered necessary by Cendant, which are reflected in its
previously filed restated financial statements for the years ended December 31,
1997, 1996 and 1995 and for the six months ended June 30, 1998. On June 14,
2000, pursuant to an offer of settlement made by Cendant, the SEC issued an
Order Instituting Public Administrative Proceedings Pursuant to Section 21C of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Making Findings and Imposing a Cease and
Desist Order. In such Order, the SEC found that Cendant had violated certain
financial reporting provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
ordered Cendant to cease and desist from committing any future violations of
such provisions. No financial penalties were imposed against Cendant.

   On December 7, 1999, Cendant announced that it reached a preliminary
agreement to settle the principal securities class action pending against
Cendant in the U.S. District Court in Newark, New Jersey, brought on behalf of
purchasers of all Cendant and CUC publicly traded securities, other than
PRIDES, between May 1995 and August 1998. Under the settlement agreement,
Cendant would pay the class members approximately $2.85 billion in cash. The
definitive settlement document was approved by the U.S. District Court by order
dated August 14, 2000. Certain persons who objected to various aspects of the
settlement have appealed the District Court's orders approving the settlement,
the plan of allocation of the settlement fund and awarding of attorneys' fees
and expenses to counsel for the lead plaintiffs. No appeals challenging the
fairness of the $2.85 billion settlement amount were filed. The U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit heard oral argument on the appeal on May 22,
2001. The decision is currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Accordingly, Cendant will not be required to fund the
settlement amount of $2.85 billion for some time. However, the settlement
agreement required Cendant to post collateral in the form of credit facilities,
surety bonds, or both by November 13, 2000, which it has done.

   The settlement does not encompass all litigation asserting claims associated
with the accounting irregularities. Cendant does not believe that it is
feasible to predict or determine the final outcome or resolution of these
unresolved proceedings. An adverse outcome from such unresolved proceedings
could be material with respect to earnings in any given reporting period.
However, as Cendant has previously stated in its public filings, Cendant does
not believe that the impact of such unresolved proceedings should result in a
material liability to Cendant in relation to its financial position or
liquidity.

               SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   This proxy statement-prospectus and the documents that are made a part of
this proxy statement-prospectus by reference to other documents filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission include various forward-looking statements
about Cendant and Galileo that are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance
or achievements of Cendant and Galileo to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements were based on
various factors and were derived utilizing numerous important assumptions and
other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
include the information concerning future financial performance, business
strategy, projected plans and objectives of Cendant and Galileo set forth
under:

  . ""Questions and Answers About the Merger and the Special Meeting;"

  . ""Summary;"

  . ""Financial Summary;" and

  . ""The Merger."

Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words
"believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "estimates," "plans," "may
increase," "may fluctuate" and similar expressions or future or conditional
verbs such as "will," "should," "would" and "could" are generally forward-
looking in nature and not historical facts.

   You should understand that the following important factors and assumptions
could affect the future results of Cendant following the merger and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-
looking statements:

  . the effect of economic conditions and interest rate changes on the
    economy on a national, regional or international basis and the impact
    thereof on Cendant's businesses;

  . the effects of changes in current interest rates, particularly on
    Cendant's real estate franchise and mortgage businesses;

  . the resolution or outcome of Cendant's unresolved pending litigation
    relating to the previously announced accounting irregularities and other
    related litigation;

  . Cendant's ability to develop and implement operational and financial
    systems to manage growing operations and to achieve enhanced earnings or
    effect cost savings;

  . competition in Cendant's existing and potential future lines of business
    and the financial resources of, and products available to, competitors;

  . Cendant's ability to integrate and operate successfully acquired and
    merged businesses and risks associated with such businesses, including
    the pending acquisition of Galileo and acquisitions of Avis and Fairfield
    Communities, the compatibility of the operating systems of the combining
    companies, and the degree to which its existing administrative and back-
    office functions and costs and those of the acquired companies are
    complementary or redundant;

  . Cendant's ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms to finance its
    growth strategy and to operate within the limitations imposed by
    financing arrangements and rating agencies;

  . competitive and pricing pressures in the vacation ownership and travel
    industries, including the car rental industry;

  . changes in the vehicle manufacturer repurchase arrangements between
    vehicle manufacturers and Avis in the event that used vehicle values
    decrease;

  . changes in laws and regulations, including changes in accounting
    standards and privacy policy regulation; and

  .  the effects of overall consumer confidence and discretionary spending
     and their impact on Cendant's business.

   The following important factors and assumptions, in addition to those
discussed in Galileo's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2000 and Galileo's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2001, which are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-
prospectus, could affect the future results of Galileo following the merger,
and, therefore, the results of the combined company, and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking
statements:

  . competition in Galileo's industry;

  . competition to attract and retain travel agency subscribers, and the loss
    of bookings, without replacement, generated by one or more of Galileo's
    five largest travel agency customers;

  . an increase in direct access to travel vendors;

  . an increase in bookings on Internet travel sites, since Galileo's market
    share of bookings through Internet web sites is currently lower than in
    the traditional brick-and-mortar agency marketplace;

  . failure to maintain technological competitiveness and to make
    technological innovations;

  . substantial technology costs that cannot be quickly reduced in response
    to a reduction in revenue;

  . damage to key data facilities;

  . network and software vulnerability to security breaches and similar
    threats that could result in Galileo's liability for damages and harm to
    its reputation;

  . changes in governmental regulations;

  . a decline in air travel, whether due to political instability, adverse
    economic conditions or other factors;

  . vulnerability of its proprietary software and intellectual property to
    third party use;

  . the successful execution of or change in the business plan of its
    enterprise networking services subsidiary; and

  . the successful integration of Galileo into Cendant's operations and
    implementation by Galileo of Cendant's management's business objectives.

   Other factors and assumptions not identified above were also involved in the
derivation of these forward-looking statements, and the failure of such other
assumptions to be realized as well as other factors may also cause actual
results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties in addition to the risk factors
described under "Risk Factors."

   Most of these factors are difficult to predict accurately and are generally
beyond the control of Cendant and Galileo.

   You should consider the areas of risk described above in connection with any
forward-looking statements made by Cendant or Galileo or anyone acting for
either or both of them. Neither Cendant nor Galileo undertakes any obligation
to release publicly any revisions to or update any forward-looking statements,
to report events or circumstances after the date of this proxy statement-
prospectus or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. For any
forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement-prospectus,
Cendant and Galileo claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

                                   THE MERGER

   The discussion in this proxy statement-prospectus of the merger and the
principal terms of the merger agreement is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by reference to, the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to
this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex A and is incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus.

General

   Galileo is furnishing this proxy statement-prospectus to you in connection
with the solicitation of proxies by the Galileo board of directors for use at
the special meeting of Galileo stockholders to be held on     ,      , 2001,
and at any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting. Cendant is
furnishing this proxy statement-prospectus to you in connection with its offer
to issue shares of CD common stock in exchange for your shares of Galileo
common stock.

   At the special meeting, you will be asked to vote upon a proposal to adopt
the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 15, 2001, by and among
Galileo, Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition Corp., a subsidiary of Cendant.

Background of the Merger

   The Galileo board, as part of its ongoing oversight and planning functions,
has from time to time considered various financial and other alternatives that
might be available to increase the value of Galileo to all of its stockholders.
In connection with these ongoing reviews, the Galileo board met during the fall
of 2000 to assess the then current trading price of the Galileo common stock,
their view that the Galileo common stock was then undervalued by the financial
markets and the advisability of various possible strategic alternatives
available to Galileo to increase stockholder value, including a business
combination with a competitor of Galileo or other third party, a
recapitalization, a leveraged buyout or the continued operation of Galileo as a
stand alone entity under its then current business plan. At the conclusion of
the meeting, the Galileo board determined that a more extensive review of these
possible strategic alternatives would be appropriate.

   At a meeting of the Galileo board held on October 5, 2000, the board
authorized preliminary discussions with financial advisors to advise the board
on its strategic alternatives. On October 19, 2000, the Galileo board decided
to proceed with the selection of an investment banker and authorized the public
announcement that it had commenced a review of strategic alternatives.

   On October 20, 2000, Galileo issued a press release stating, among other
things, the following:

     "Galileo International, Inc. announced today that its board of directors
  has authorized management to explore strategic alternatives for the company
  designed to maximize shareholder value. Such alternatives include, but are
  not limited to, a leveraged buyout or sale to a strategic buyer. The
  company said that there is no assurance that any transaction will be
  completed. The Galileo board has begun the search for a financial advisor
  to explore and evaluate possible alternatives, and anticipates naming one
  shortly."

   On October 25, 2000, the Galileo board engaged Morris Nichols Arsht &
Tunnell as special counsel to the board to advise the board as to its fiduciary
responsibilities in conducting the strategic review process.

   On November 2, 2000, the Galileo board approved the engagement of JPMorgan
Securities Inc. as Galileo's financial advisor to evaluate possible strategic
alternatives for Galileo, and publicly announced the engagement of JPMorgan on
November 3, 2000.

   At a meeting of the Galileo board held on December 21, 2000, JPMorgan
reviewed its preliminary analysis of strategic alternatives available to
Galileo. JPMorgan discussed with the Galileo board its preliminary views on an
appropriate valuation of Galileo and its analysis of other related matters.
Following these discussions, the Galileo board directed JPMorgan to undertake a
more detailed valuation analysis.

   On January 18, 2001, JPMorgan provided updated valuation and market analyses
to the Galileo board concerning possible strategic alternatives for Galileo and
recommended to the board that likely strategic and financial buyers be
approached to gauge their interest in a possible business combination. While no
decision had been made at that time by the Galileo board as to whether to
pursue a sale or merger of Galileo or to pursue other strategic alternatives,
the board determined that, because a sale or other disposition was an
attractive alternative, the interest of potential bidders should be explored.
At the conclusion of the meeting, the Galileo board authorized JPMorgan to
proceed to contact potential buyers and directed JPMorgan, along with Galileo
management, to prepare materials and presentations to be provided to persons
that might be interested in making proposals to acquire Galileo.

   Beginning on January 29, 2001, JPMorgan approached 16 potential buyers,
including Cendant. The companies contacted were chosen based on a variety of
factors, including perceived interest in the businesses in which Galileo
operated, familiarity with the computer reservation system industry, financial
position and ability to consummate an acquisition of Galileo. Those entities
expressing an interest in pursuing a possible transaction were asked to sign
confidentiality agreements to protect the confidential nature of the material
prepared by Galileo management to be provided to these parties. Galileo
management offered to provide the materials it had previously prepared and to
make presentations to those parties that executed confidentiality agreements.
Nine companies ultimately signed confidentiality agreements. On March 9, 2001,
Cendant and Galileo executed a confidentiality agreement.

   In February 2001, Cendant engaged Salomon Smith Barney as its financial
advisor in connection with the potential acquisition of Galileo.

   On February 5, 2001, representatives of Cendant and its financial advisor
met with representatives of JPMorgan to discuss a possible acquisition of
Galileo. At the meeting, the parties discussed Galileo's business and
operations and JPMorgan discussed the process that was being undertaken on
behalf of Galileo.

   Beginning on February 28, 2001, Galileo management provided the potential
buyers access to due diligence materials related to Galileo's business that
could be reviewed by these potential bidders. One potential bidder that had
signed a confidentiality agreement withdrew from the process before viewing
management presentations or due diligence materials. Six of the potential
bidders received management presentations and eight of the potential bidders
conducted due diligence. Cendant and its advisors began their extensive
financial, business and legal due diligence of Galileo in March 2001. Galileo's
management made its initial presentation to Cendant on April 3, 2001. Cendant's
due diligence efforts included retaining outside consultants with expertise in
the global distribution services industry, conducting meetings with Galileo
management, touring Galileo's facilities and reviewing financial and legal
documents provided by Galileo.

   On April 2, 2001, JPMorgan sent letters to the potential bidders that
outlined the procedures to be followed regarding submission of offers. The
letter stated that offers were to be delivered by April 24, 2001, and were to
specify the price-per-share for Galileo common stock, both including and
excluding Galileo's Quantitude business. In addition, potential bidders were
required, among other things, to disclose the source of financing for the
transaction, a timetable for completion, and regulatory approvals that would be
required to complete the transaction. Potential bidders also received a
proposed acquisition agreement and were instructed to highlight any material
departures from the agreement's terms in their bids.

   On April 24, 2001, Cendant's executive committee received a memorandum from
its financial advisor outlining financial and business opportunities in
connection with pursuing an acquisition of Galileo. The executive committee
also received due diligence reports, including reports from its financial and
legal advisors. The executive committee held a meeting to discuss whether to
submit a bid to acquire Galileo. At the meeting, Cendant's executive committee
reviewed the principal terms of the proposed bid for Galileo and discussed the
reports presented by Cendant's legal and financial advisors. After a full
discussion of the matters considered by the executive committee at the meeting,
the executive committee determined to submit a bid to acquire Galileo.

   Three bidders, including Cendant, submitted written proposals on April 24,
2001. One additional bidder made an oral proposal which in other respects
substantially complied with the instructions provided by JPMorgan. Cendant's
proposal consisted of a tax-free exchange of $25 worth of CD common stock for
each share of Galileo common stock and a trust arrangement for Quantitude. The
trust arrangement would place Galileo's equity interest in Quantitude in a
trust in which the trustee would attempt to sell Quantitude to a qualified
third party and deliver the after-tax proceeds of that sale to Galileo
stockholders. In addition, Cendant's bid identified various proposed changes to
the draft agreement for the acquisition of Galileo and was conditioned upon
receiving voting agreements from Galileo's largest stockholders and an option
to purchase 19.9% of Galileo's common stock. Cendant also conditioned its bid
upon the satisfactory completion of a comprehensive due diligence
investigation.

   The other three bidders all submitted cash offers. Two of the bidders
submitted offers for the whole company and the other one submitted an offer for
only the global distribution services business (Galileo excluding Quantitude).

   The Galileo board considered the proposals at meetings on April 27, 2001 and
April 28, 2001. At the April 28 meeting, the Galileo board instructed JPMorgan
to solicit an increased offer from each bidder. Two parties, including Cendant,
subsequently increased their bids.

   On April 30, 2001, Cendant presented a new proposal that retained the trust
arrangement for Quantitude and increased the offer for Galileo's core
distribution system business to $30 of CD common stock for each share of
Galileo common stock. Cendant conditioned its higher offer on access to
extensive additional due diligence information and a requirement that Galileo
negotiate exclusively with Cendant until May 21, 2001. Cendant advised Galileo
that, at the conclusion of this period, it would be prepared to make a firm
offer which would not be subject to a due diligence condition. On May 3, 2001,
Galileo agreed to negotiate exclusively with Cendant until May 21, 2001, after
considering the advice of JPMorgan that Cendant's demand for additional due
diligence was reasonable, that agreeing to the exclusive negotiating period was
necessary to keep Cendant in the process at the increased price of $30 and that
the exclusivity request was not detrimental to Galileo, in part because of
Galileo's ability to receive and respond to any other inquiries during the
period and to negotiate with any other interested parties after May 21, 2001.

   From May 3, 2001 through May 15, 2001, legal and financial representatives
of Galileo and Cendant met on numerous occasions to discuss and negotiate
aspects of the proposed merger, the Quantitude trust structure, Cendant's
proposed changes to the acquisition agreement and the proposed terms of the
stock option agreement. At the same time, Cendant and its advisors provided
expanded due diligence requests to Galileo and continued to conduct extensive
due diligence on Galileo's operations. On May 15, 2001, Cendant and its
advisors provided Cendant's management due diligence reports on their findings
at a meeting at Cendant's offices in New York, New York. At the conclusion of
the meeting, Cendant's management requested that its advisors continue to
conduct additional due diligence on Galileo.

   On May 14, 2001, representatives of Cendant, along with representatives of
its outside legal counsel, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and its
financial advisor, Salomon Smith Barney, met in New York City with senior
members of Galileo's management, representatives of Galileo's financial
advisor, JPMorgan, and Galileo's outside counsel, Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue to
further discuss the terms of the transaction, structural matters and the
possible timing of executing the acquisition agreement. Cendant's remaining due
diligence was also discussed.

   On May 15, 2001, Galileo's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. James E. Barlett, had a telephone conversation with Cendant's Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Henry R. Silverman, during which the
two discussed, among other things, the strategic rationale for the proposed
transaction and the potential benefits of the proposed transaction for the
stockholders of each company.

   At a meeting held on May 17, 2001, the Galileo board discussed the status of
Cendant's revised offer and the other three proposals that had been made.
JPMorgan reviewed with the board that the four bidders had been asked to raise
their bids and that only Cendant and one other bidder had done so. In addition,
the Galileo board discussed the nature of the Quantitude trust structure
proposed by Cendant, and instructed JPMorgan to request

from Cendant a single proposal for all of Galileo, including Quantitude.
JPMorgan advised the Galileo board that Cendant likely would request an
extension of its exclusive negotiating period in order to confirm its
Quantitude valuation. JPMorgan also expressed its view that an extension by
Galileo of an exclusive negotiating period with Cendant would not hinder the
continuation of the review process or Galileo's assessment of alternatives.
Accordingly, the Galileo board agreed that an extension of the exclusivity
period would be appropriate.

   On May 18, 2001, JPMorgan advised representatives of Cendant that the
Galileo board had requested a single proposal for all of Galileo, including
Quantitude. In response, Cendant requested an extension of the exclusive
negotiating period from May 21, 2001 to June 1, 2001. Galileo's representatives
responded that Galileo sought $35 per share of Galileo common stock and that,
given the exclusivity already granted to Cendant and the extensive due
diligence that Cendant had already conducted, a one week exclusivity extension
would be appropriate. Representatives of Cendant informed representatives of
Galileo that Cendant could not commit to any increased purchase price prior to
completing its due diligence investigation and that Cendant's due diligence
process was ongoing. Shortly thereafter, the parties agreed to an extension of
the exclusive negotiating period from May 21, 2001 to May 29, 2001, on the same
terms as the initial exclusivity agreement.

   During the period from May 18, 2001 to May 29, 2001, numerous discussions
between the financial and legal representatives of Cendant and Galileo
continued in an attempt to finalize the structure of the potential transaction
and resolve outstanding issues regarding due diligence and the terms of the
transaction documents. During this period, Galileo commenced its due diligence
investigation of Cendant.

   During the period that Galileo was soliciting proposals for an acquisition
of Galileo, Galileo continued to analyze the potential benefits of pursuing an
acquisition of a third party and submitted a preliminary indication of interest
with regard to such a potential acquisition. However, in light of the progress
of Galileo's strategic review process, no further action was taken with regard
to such potential acquisition.

   On May 29, 2001, Cendant submitted a revised offer for all of Galileo. The
offer contained a fixed exchange ratio of 1.271 shares of CD common stock plus
an additional amount of cash, totaling 19.5% of the total merger consideration
up to a maximum of $5.85 per share, in exchange for each share of Galileo
common stock. In its bid letter, Cendant noted that, based upon a CD common
stock value of at least $19, Galileo stockholders would receive in excess of
$30 per share of Galileo common stock. Cendant also proposed converting its
travel agency segments to Galileo's system from a competing system and to
integrate Cendant's travel portal with Trip.com. Cendant's bid remained
conditioned on finalizing the merger agreement and the stock option agreement
and completion of select outstanding due diligence items. In addition,
Cendant's bid noted the importance of having the support of Galileo's largest
stockholders.

   During a conference call on the evening of May 29, 2001 between Mr. Barlett
and Mr. Silverman and various representatives of each company, Mr. Barlett and
Mr. Silverman discussed Cendant's revised offer. In addition, Mr. Silverman
advised Mr. Barlett of Cendant's view of the positive effects of the proposed
transaction for the stockholders of each company. Mr. Barlett informed Mr.
Silverman that the Galileo board would take the revised offer under advisement
at a meeting of the Galileo board the following day.

   On May 30, 2001, the Galileo board met to discuss Cendant's revised offer.
The Galileo board was advised that based on the then-current CD common stock
price, the revised offer would provide total consideration to Galileo
stockholders of approximately $29.60 per share. After considering the offer,
the Galileo board determined that it did not offer sufficient value to Galileo
stockholders to justify approval of a transaction. In addition, the Galileo
board noted that the revised offer had abandoned the fixed consideration to be
received by Galileo stockholders in Cendant's earlier proposal in favor of a
fixed exchange ratio. The Galileo board noted that, as a result, the value of
the consideration to be received by Galileo stockholders in the

revised offer would fluctuate with changes in the price of CD common stock. At
the conclusion of the meeting JPMorgan was authorized to communicate the view
of the Galileo board to representatives of Cendant. JPMorgan was also directed
to contact the other participants in the process and advise them to submit or
revise, as applicable, their proposals promptly if they had an interest in a
transaction with Galileo.

   In response to the views of the Galileo board, Cendant revised its offer on
May 30, 2001. Its new offer still contained a mixture of stock and cash, but
the structure provided fixed consideration to be received by Galileo
stockholders of $32 per share if the price of CD common stock traded within a
collar of $18 and $21. Total consideration to Galileo's stockholders would rise
or fall if the price of CD common stock rose or fell outside of the collar.

   At a special meeting of the Galileo board held on May 31, 2001, the Galileo
board discussed the revised Cendant offer, and determined that the revised
offer presented insufficient value and an unacceptably narrow collar of fixed
consideration. At the conclusion of the meeting, JPMorgan was authorized to
communicate the view of the Galileo board to representatives of Cendant.
Thereafter, JPMorgan communicated the Galileo board's views to Cendant and said
that the Galileo board was unwilling to sell Galileo on that basis.

   In response to the views of the Galileo board, Cendant modified its offer,
increasing the fixed consideration amount to $32.50 per share of Galileo common
stock and widening the collar to $17.50 to $21.50 per share of CD common stock.
JPMorgan advised Cendant that the Galileo board would be unlikely to approve a
transaction where the expected consideration to be received by Galileo
stockholders was $32.50. In response, Cendant agreed to increase its offer to
provide expected consideration to Galileo stockholders of $33 per Galileo
share, but that such price was its final and best offer. Cendant also proposed
a collar of $17.50 to $20 per share of CD common stock. In addition, Cendant
proposed that both Cendant and Galileo have the right to terminate the
transaction if the price of CD common stock during the relevant period was $14
or less.

   At a special meeting held on June 1, 2001, the Galileo board reviewed the
revised offer and was advised by JPMorgan that none of the other bids had been
increased and no new bids had been made. The Galileo board authorized JPMorgan
to communicate to representatives of Cendant that a transaction would be
considered financially acceptable if the collar's lower end were extended down
to $17 and if Galileo was the only party that had the right to terminate the
transaction if the price of CD common stock during the relevant period was $14
or less. On a conference call on June 1, 2001 between Galileo and its financial
and legal representatives and Cendant and its financial and legal
representatives, Cendant agreed in principle to those financial terms, subject
to completion of due diligence, finalization of mutually acceptable transaction
documents and receipt of a voting agreement from United Air Lines, Inc. and the
stock option agreement from Galileo. On the June 1, 2001 conference call,
Cendant and Galileo discussed the steps necessary to complete their respective
due diligence and finalize the terms of the transaction agreements.

   On June 4, 2001, Cendant conducted a detailed management presentation to
Galileo and its advisors at Cendant's office in Parsipanny, New Jersey.

   From June 1 to June 14, 2001, legal and financial representatives of Galileo
and Cedant held discussions on numerous occasions to negotiate and finalize
terms of the proposed acquisition agreement between the two companies. During
this period, the parties continued their respective due diligence
investigations. In addition, from June 2 to June 14, 2001, Cendant, United and
its wholly owned subsidiary, Covia LLC and their respective legal and financial
representatives held discussions on numerous occasions to negotiate the terms
of the proposed voting agreement pursuant to which United would, among other
things, agree to vote, and give Cendant a proxy to vote, its shares and any
additional shares it acquires in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement
and against any third party proposal to complete an acquisition of Galileo or
any other proposals presented for a vote that would prevent or materially delay
completion of the merger.

   On June 5, 2001, Cendant's board received a memorandum from its financial
advisor outlining financial and business opportunities in connection with
pursuing an acquisition of Galileo. The Cendant board also received due
diligence reports from its advisors. Later on June 5, 2001, the Cendant board
had a meeting at which the acquisition of Galileo was discussed. At the
meeting, Cendant's board reviewed the reports presented by Cendant's advisors
and the principal terms of the proposed acquisition of Galileo, including the
terms of the merger agreement, the voting agreement and the stock option
agreement. After a full discussion of the matters considered by the Cendant
board at the meeting, the Cendant board approved, among other things, the
merger agreement, the voting agreement and the stock option agreement in the
form presented to the Cendant board and authorized Cendant's management to
finalize the terms of those agreements and, once finalized, to execute and
deliver those agreements to Galileo and United. The board of directors of
Galaxy Acquisition Corp. subsequently approved the merger with Galileo, the
merger agreement and the other transactions contemplated in connection with the
merger agreement.

   On June 15, 2001, at a special meeting of the Galileo board, the Galileo
board reviewed the terms of the proposed transaction with Cendant. All of the
directors were present in person or by conference telephone throughout the
meeting, except Mr. Schorderet, who was unable to participate, and Mr. Dik, who
was only able to participate in a portion of the meeting and left the call
before the board voted on the transaction. Galileo's financial advisor,
JPMorgan, reviewed with the Galileo board the bids that had been received in
the strategic review process and the course of negotiations with Cendant.
JPMorgan then reviewed a financial analysis of the consideration payable in the
proposed transaction, as well as alternatives to the proposed transaction,
including the continued operation of Galileo as an independent company.
Galileo's legal counsel reviewed the legal aspects of the proposed transaction,
including the board's legal duties, the terms of the transaction documents and
changes negotiated to the definitive merger agreement and stock option
agreement. Galileo's litigation and due diligence counsel, Chapman and Cutler,
reviewed with the board the results of its due diligence investigation and made
a presentation regarding certain class action litigation against Cendant as
described in "Risk Factors." The Galileo board was also advised that United and
Covia had indicated that they would agree to enter into a voting agreement with
Cendant if the Galileo board approved the merger agreement. Also at this
meeting, JPMorgan rendered to the Galileo board its oral opinion (subsequently
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated June 15, 2001) to the effect
that, as of the date and on the basis of and subject to the matters described
in the opinion, the consideration to be paid to Galileo's stockholders in the
proposed merger was fair, from a financial point of view. After a full
discussion of the matters considered by the Galileo board at the meeting, the
Galileo board, by the unanimous vote of the directors then present at the
meeting, approved the merger agreement and the stock option agreement in the
form presented to the Galileo board and determined to recommend to Galileo's
stockholders that they vote to adopt the merger agreement.

   In the evening of June 15, 2001, Cendant and Galileo executed the merger
agreement and the stock option agreement. In addition, Cendant, United and
Covia executed the voting agreement on the same day. On June 18, 2001, prior to
the opening of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Cendant and Galileo
issued press releases relating to the proposed merger.

Galileo's Rationale for the Merger; Recommendation of the Galileo Board

   The Galileo board has approved the merger agreement and has determined that
the consideration to be received by Galileo stockholders in the merger is fair
from a financial point of view and that the merger and the merger agreement are
advisable and in the best interest of Galileo and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the Galileo board recommends that Galileo stockholders vote FOR
the adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting.

   In reaching its recommendation described above, the Galileo board consulted
with Galileo's management, its financial advisors and legal counsel. Set forth
below are the material factors that the Galileo board considered in reaching
its determination:

  .  Its review and analysis of the financial performance, cash flow
     generation and growth prospects of Galileo and its determination that
     the public market failed to appropriately value the company.

  .  Its review of possible alternatives to the sale of Galileo, including
     the prospects of continuing to operate Galileo as an independent
     company, the value to stockholders of those alternatives and the timing
     and likelihood of actually achieving additional value from those
     alternatives, including the possibility that Galileo's future
     performance might not lead to a stock price having a higher present
     value than the merger consideration to be received in the proposed
     merger with Cendant.

  .  The fact that the merger and the merger agreement were agreed to by the
     Galileo board only after issuance by Galileo of a press release
     regarding its review of strategic alternatives, publicity concerning the
     review by Galileo of its strategic alternatives and the possibility of
     Galileo being sold, the passage of a significant period of time between
     issuance of the press release and the approval of the merger agreement,
     and contact with, and the opportunity to receive and consider proposals
     by, a large number of potential bidders during an "auction" process.

  .  The structure of the transaction as a generally tax-free reorganization,
     to the extent of CD common stock received by Galileo stockholders, for
     United States federal income tax purposes.

  .  The historical market price of, and the recent trading activity in,
     Galileo common stock, and particularly the fact that the expected value
     of the $33.00 per share price to be received by Galileo stockholders
     represents a premium of approximately 103% over the closing price of
     Galileo common stock on October 20, 2000 (one day prior to Galileo's
     announcement that it was considering strategic alternatives) and a
     premium of approximately 11% over the closing price of Galileo common
     stock on June 15, 2001 (one business day prior to Galileo's announcement
     that it had entered into the merger agreement with Cendant).

  .  The possibility that if the merger or some other significant transaction
     were not consummated, the price of the Galileo common stock could
     decline significantly below the current trading price.

  .  The presentation to the Galileo board of JPMorgan as to the transaction
     and its opinion as to fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
     consideration to be received in the merger by Galileo stockholders. The
     full text of the written opinion of JPMorgan, dated June 15, 2001, which
     sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
     the review undertaken, is attached to this proxy statement-prospectus as
     Annex D and is incorporated herein by reference. The opinion of JPMorgan
     is addressed to the Galileo board, is directed only to the consideration
     to be received by Galileo stockholders in the proposed merger and does
     not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote
     with respect to the proposed merger or at what price CD common stock
     will trade at any future time. You are urged to read JPMorgan's opinion
     carefully and in its entirety.

  .  The anticipated timing of consummation of the transactions contemplated
     by the merger agreement.

  .  The fact that Cendant has not conditioned its obligations under the
     merger agreement on its ability to obtain financing.

  .  The fact that United and Covia, the owner of 18.2% of the outstanding
     shares of Galileo common stock, were willing to enter into the voting
     agreement pursuant to which Covia agreed to vote all of its shares in
     favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

  .  The business, operations, financial position, personnel and prospects of
     Cendant.

  .  The current and historical market prices and trading information with
     respect to CD common stock.

   In light of the Galileo board's knowledge of the business and operations of
Galileo and its business judgment, the Galileo board considered and evaluated
each of the factors listed above during the course of its

deliberations prior to approving the merger agreement. In view of the wide
variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger,
the Galileo board found it impracticable to and did not, quantify or otherwise
attempt to assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in making
its determinations.

   The Galileo board also considered the following countervailing factors in
making its determinations:

  .  The fact that following the merger, Galileo's stockholders will no
     longer be able to participate in the potential growth of Galileo except
     as part of Cendant.

  .  The terms of the merger agreement that set forth conditions to closing
     and the significant fees and expenses that would become payable in the
     event of a termination of the merger agreement under certain
     circumstances.

  .  The fact that the merger agreement prohibits Galileo from soliciting or
     entering into a transaction with a third party to acquire Galileo.

  .  The grant of the stock option to Cendant, which provides Cendant the
     ability to acquire up to 19.5% of Galileo common stock under certain
     circumstances. In this regard, the Galileo board recognized that the
     provisions of the stock option agreement and the granting of the option
     to Cendant were insisted upon by Cendant as a condition to entering into
     the merger agreement.

  .  Certain risks associated with Cendant and the merger described under
     "Risk Factors," including the potential negative effect on Cendant's
     financial condition and other potential risks that may result if the
     settlement terms of the class action lawsuit involving accounting
     irregularities are modified or voided upon appeal and the potential
     negative effect on Cendant's financial condition that may result from
     other litigation that is not the subject of the existing settlement.

   The Galileo board determined that the foregoing factors were outweighed by
the potential benefits of the merger described above.

Cendant's Rationale for the Merger

   On June 5, 2001, the Cendant board determined by a unanimous vote that the
merger is advisable and in the best interests of Cendant and Cendant's
stockholders. The Cendant board of directors approved the merger agreement, the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

   In connection with its approval of the merger, and its determination that
the merger is advisable and in the best interest of Cendant's stockholders, the
board of directors of Cendant consulted with its legal and financial advisors,
as well as with members of management. The Cendant board of directors also
considered the following material information and factors in reaching its
determination to approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

  .  that Galileo is one of the foremost providers of electronic global
     distribution services to the travel industry through its computerized
     reservation systems and Internet-based solutions.

  .  that the merger will provide Cendant with an opportunity to
     substantially broaden the range of Cendant's service offerings and its
     geographic reach.

  .  that the merger significantly expands Cendant's presence in the travel
     sector and provides Cendant a comprehensive travel platform, generating
     transaction fees on all major components of travel spending.

  .  that Galileo's fee-for-services business model, customer relationships
     and customer base are believed to be highly complementary to Cendant's
     business model.

  .  that the merger will be accretive to Cendant's earnings.

  .  the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the fact
     that in the event of certain terminations of the merger agreement,
     Galileo must pay to Cendant a $100 million termination fee plus up to
     $10 million in Cendant's expenses incurred in connection with the
     merger.

  .  that United has agreed to vote, and give Cendant a proxy to vote, 18.2%
     of the total number of shares of Galileo common stock issued and
     outstanding pursuant to a voting agreement.

  .  the fact that in the event the voting agreement with United is
     terminated and Cendant becomes entitled to the termination fee set forth
     in the merger agreement, Cendant may exercise its option to purchase up
     to 19.5% of the outstanding Galileo common stock as of the date of the
     stock option agreement.

Opinions of Galileo's Financial Advisor

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 1, 2000, the Galileo board
retained JPMorgan to act as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with
the merger. At the Galileo board meeting on June 15, 2001, JPMorgan gave its
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, to the Galileo board that, as
of that date and on the basis of and subject to the matters described in the
opinion, the consideration to be paid to Galileo stockholders in the proposed
merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders.

   The full text of the written opinion of JPMorgan dated June 15, 2001, which
sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement-prospectus.
JPMorgan's opinion is incorporated into this proxy statement-prospectus by
reference and Galileo urges its stockholders to read the opinion carefully and
in its entirety.

   JPMorgan's opinion is addressed to the Galileo board, is directed only to
the consideration to be received by Galileo stockholders in the proposed merger
and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote
with respect to the proposed merger or the price at which the CD common stock
will trade at any future time.

   In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan, among other things:

  . reviewed a draft dated June 10, 2001 of the merger agreement;

  . reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
    concerning the business of Galileo and Cendant and the industries in
    which they operate;

  . compared the financial and operating performance of Galileo and Cendant
    with publicly available information concerning certain other companies
    JPMorgan deemed relevant and reviewed the current and historical market
    prices of Galileo common stock and CD common stock and certain publicly
    traded securities of such companies;

  . reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by
    the management of Galileo relating to its business; and

  . performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such
    other information as JPMorgan deemed appropriate for purposes of its
    opinion.

   JPMorgan noted that it did not compare the financial terms of the merger
with the terms of other transactions because there were no transactions
involving companies that JPMorgan deemed relevant and for which financial terms
were publicly available.

   In addition, JPMorgan has held discussions with certain members of the
management of Galileo and Cendant with respect to certain aspects of the
merger, including their past and current business operations, their financial
condition and future prospects and operations, the effects of the merger on the
financial condition and future prospects of both Galileo and Cendant, and
certain other matters JPMorgan believed necessary or appropriate to its
inquiry.

   In giving its opinion, JPMorgan relied upon and assumed, without independent
verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information that was
publicly available or was furnished to it by Galileo or Cendant or otherwise
reviewed by JPMorgan, and has not assumed any responsibility or liability
therefor. JPMorgan did not conduct any valuation or appraisal of any assets or
liabilities, nor were any such valuations or appraisals provided to JPMorgan.
In relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to it, JPMorgan assumed
that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments by the managements of Galileo and
Cendant as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition
of Galileo and Cendant to which such analyses or forecasts relate. JPMorgan
also assumed that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes, and that the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement will be consummated as described therein.
JPMorgan relied, as to all legal matters relevant to rendering its opinion,
upon the advice of counsel. JPMorgan also assumed that the definitive merger
agreement would not differ in any material respects from the draft furnished to
JPMorgan. JPMorgan further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory
or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger
would be obtained without any adverse effect on Galileo or Cendant or on the
contemplated benefits of the merger.

   As is customary in the rendering of fairness opinions, JPMorgan based its
opinion on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the
information made available to JPMorgan, as of June 15, 2001, the date of the
opinion. Subsequent developments may affect JPMorgan's opinion and JPMorgan
does not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm its opinion.

   In accordance with customary investment banking practice, JPMorgan employed
generally accepted valuation methods in reaching its opinion. The following is
a summary of the material financial analyses performed by JPMorgan in
connection with its opinion. Presented are some of the summaries of the
financial analyses in tabular format. In order to understand the financial
analyses used by JPMorgan more fully, you should read the tables together with
the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of JPMorgan's financial analyses and this summary is not a complete
description of the analyses underlying JPMorgan's opinion.

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. JPMorgan conducted a discounted cash flow
analysis for the purpose of determining the fully diluted equity value per
share for Galileo common stock. JPMorgan analyzed a projection scenario
including Galileo management's projections for fiscal 2001 through 2005.

   For the projection scenario, JPMorgan calculated the unlevered free cash
flows that Galileo is expected to generate during fiscal years 2001 through
2005. These unlevered free cash flows were divided into two segments: Galileo's
global distribution services business ("GDS") and its telecommunications
services business, Quantitude. The unlevered cash flows relating to the GDS
business were discounted at a rate of 9.0% to 11.0%, which is JPMorgan's
estimate of Galileo's weighted average cost of capital for the GDS business. A
range of terminal values for the GDS business was calculated by multiplying
projected 2005 EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization) by a range of 3.5x to 4.5x. The unlevered cash flows relating to
the Quantitude business were discounted at a rate of 20.0% to 25.0%, which is
JPMorgan's estimate of Galileo's weighted average cost of capital for the
Quantitude business. A range of terminal values for the Quantitude business was
calculated by multiplying projected 2005 revenue by a range of 0.75x to 1.25x.
The present value of the combined unlevered free cash flows and the combined
range of terminal asset values were then adjusted for Galileo's March 31, 2001
excess cash, option exercise proceeds and total debt. Based on this analysis,
the discounted cash flow analysis indicated a range of equity values of between
$26.00 and $35.50 per share of Galileo common stock on a stand-alone basis
without synergies.

   Public Trading Multiples. Using publicly available information, JPMorgan
compared selected financial data, ratios and multiples of Galileo with similar
data, ratios and multiples for selected publicly traded companies engaged in
the computer reservation systems, transaction processor, and information
technology, or IT, services sectors. JPMorgan noted that it did not deem these
companies fully comparable to Galileo and thus evaluated this information for
reference only.

   The companies selected by JPMorgan were:

    Computer Reservation Systems
    Sabre Holdings Corporation
    Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A.

    Transaction Processors
    Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
    First Data Corporation
    Concord EFS Inc.
    Equifax Inc.

    IT Services
    Electronic Data Systems Corporation
    Computer Sciences Corporation
    Fiserv Inc.

   For each of these companies, publicly available financial performance
through the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 was measured. In addition,
JPMorgan derived estimates of sales, EBITDA, and net earnings for calendar
years 2001 and 2002 from public equity analyst estimates. JPMorgan conducted a
trading multiples analysis for the purpose of determining a fully diluted
equity value per share for Galileo's common stock. The analysis applied the
pre-announcement (defined as the time period immediately prior to Galileo's
announcement that it was exploring strategic alternatives) price to earnings
ratio ("P/E") of 9.0x 2000 estimated earnings to Galileo's 2001 analyst
estimated GAAP earnings per share of $1.89. In addition, JPMorgan selected the
trading performance of Sabre Holdings Corporation common stock, deemed to be
the most relevant of the companies listed above, and applied Sabre's current
2001 P/E ratio, defined as 2001 P/E divided by its current estimated long-term
growth rate, of 1.29 to Galileo's current analyst estimated long term growth
rate of 11.5%, resulting in an implied P/E ratio of 14.8x. This 14.8x was then
applied to Galileo's 2001 analyst estimated GAAP earnings per share of $1.89.
Based upon this range of multiples, JPMorgan derived an implied equity value
range of $17.00 to $28.00 per share of Galileo common stock.

   Selected Transaction Analysis. As the number of relevant transactions
containing businesses significantly analogous to Galileo's business is limited,
JPMorgan conducted an initial survey of transactions, using publicly available
information, from a broad range of businesses in multiple industries. Upon
further review, JPMorgan believes the specific economic, market and other
conditions related to the travel industry reduces the relevancy of these
surveyed transactions to the proposed merger. Therefore, a detailed transaction
analysis was not relied upon by JPMorgan in rendering its opinion.

   Historical Common Stock Performance. JPMorgan conducted a historical
analysis of the closing price of Galileo common stock based on closing prices
on the New York Stock Exchange relative to the share price performance of
selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses which JPMorgan deemed
relevant to Galileo, the Standard & Poor's 500 index and the Nasdaq composite
index over the time periods from July 28, 1997 to June 13, 2001 and June 13,
2000 to June 13, 2001.

   The companies selected by JPMorgan were:

    Computer Reservation Systems
    Sabre Holdings Corporation
    Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A.

    Transaction Processors
    Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
    First Data Corporation
    Concord EFS Inc.
    Equifax Inc.

    IT Services
    Electronic Data Systems Corporation
    Computer Sciences Corporation
    Fiserv Inc.

    Broadband Services
    Covad Communications Group, Inc.
    Global Crossing Ltd.
    Infonet Services Corporation
    Level 3 Communications, Inc.
    Rhythms NetConnections Inc.
    Williams Communications Group, Inc.

   JPMorgan noted that over the period from July 28, 1997 to June 13, 2001
Galileo common stock has under-performed indices consisting of companies from
the Computer Reservation Systems, Transaction Processors, and IT Services
industries. JPMorgan also found that over the time period from June 13, 2000 to
October 19, 2000 Galileo common stock has under-performed Sabre common stock,
Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A. common stock, an index consisting of
companies from the Broadband Services industry, the Standard & Poor's 500 index
and the Nasdaq composite index. After the announcement of the review of
strategic alternatives, over the period October 20, 2000 to June 13, 2001,
Galileo common stock has under-performed Sabre common stock, but out-performed
Amadeus Global Travel Distribution, S.A. common stock, an index consisting of
companies from the Broadband Services industry, the Standard & Poor's 500 index
and the Nasdaq composite index.

   Analysis of Premium. JPMorgan calculated the premium implied by $33 per
share relative to certain base prices. All prices used in this analysis
represent closing prices.

   The table below sets forth JPMorgan's premium analysis:

                                                          Base     Premium
Description of base price                                price  implied by $33
- -------------------------                                ------ --------------

Price one day prior to announcement of review of
 strategic alternatives on October 20, 2000............. $16.25      103%
Average price one week (five trading days) prior to
 announcement of review of strategic alternatives.......  16.26      103%
Average price one month (twenty trading days) prior to
 announcement of review of strategic alternatives.......  15.07      119%
52 week low (period prior to announcement of review of
 strategic alternatives)................................  13.63      142%
52 week high (period prior to announcement of review of
 strategic alternatives)................................  32.31        2%
All-time low............................................  13.63      142%
All-time high...........................................  59.00      (44%)
IPO Price...............................................  24.50       35%

JPMorgan noted that the premium analysis does not constitute a valuation
technique as such, but serves as a comparison of the proposed transaction price
to various base prices.

   Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis. JPMorgan reviewed the per share daily
closing market price movements of Galileo common stock and CD common stock for
the three-year period ended June 13, 2001 and calculated the historical
exchange ratios during this period implied by dividing the daily closing prices
per share of Galileo common stock by those of CD common stock and the average
of those historical trading ratios for the calendar periods of 1-month, 3-
month, 6-month, 1-year, 2-year and 3-year periods ended June 13, 2001. The
analysis resulted in the following average historical trading ratios for the
periods indicated (rounded to the nearest hundredth):

        Calendar
         Period                                            Mean
        --------                                           -----

         1-month.......................................... 1.50x
         3-month.......................................... 1.48x
         6-month.......................................... 1.61x
         1-year........................................... 1.62x
         2-year........................................... 1.69x
         3-year........................................... 2.00x

The highest historical exchange ratio on any single day during the 3-year
period was approximately 3.91x, and the lowest historical exchange ratio on any
single day during this period was approximately 0.95x. The proposed exchange
ratio of 1.56x to 1.33x (dependent on the average closing stock price of
Cendant during the pricing period as defined in the merger agreement) is for
the stock portion only, which is no less than 80.5% of the total value of the
merger consideration. On a comparable basis this translates into an exchange
ratio of 1.94x to 1.65x for the total consideration.

   Pro forma combination analysis. JPMorgan analyzed the pro forma impact of
the merger on Cendant's earnings per share, consolidated capitalization and
financial ratios using Galileo's management projections and projections
developed by JPMorgan based on analyst earnings estimates for Cendant.
Incorporating assumptions with respect to various structural considerations,
transaction and financing costs and Cendant's estimated synergies, the
combination would be accretive to Cendant's earnings per share in 2002.

   JPMorgan also conducted a valuation analysis of the CD common stock using
generally accepted valuation methods. The following is a summary of the
material financial analyses performed by JPMorgan in connection with its
opinion.

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. JPMorgan conducted a discounted cash flow
analysis for the purpose of determining the fully diluted equity value per
share of the CD common stock. JPMorgan analyzed a projection scenario based on
analyst estimates (JPMorgan equity research report dated May 22, 2001) of
financial performance for fiscal 2001 through 2006.

   For the projection scenario, JPMorgan calculated the unlevered free cash
flows that Cendant is expected to generate during fiscal years 2001 through
2006 under two scenarios--base case and acquisitions case. The base case
assumed only organic growth of the current Cendant businesses. In the base
case, the unlevered free cash flows were discounted at a rate of 9.0% to 11.0%,
which is JPMorgan's estimate of Cendant's weighted average cost of capital for
the current Cendant businesses. A range of terminal values for Cendant was
calculated by multiplying projected 2005 EBITDA by a range of 7.0x to 8.0x.

   The acquisition case assumed acquisitions of $750 million per year, funded
with internal cash. The acquisition was assumed to be at a value of 5.5x
acquired company EBITDA and the acquired company was assumed to have an EBITDA
margin of 20-22%. The unlevered cash flows relating to the acquisitive case
were discounted at a rate of 10.0% to 12.0%, which includes a 100 basis point
premium over the base case discount rate to account for incremental risk due to
an acquisitive strategy. A range of terminal values for the acquisitive case
was calculated by multiplying projected 2005 EBITDA by a range of 8.0x to
10.0x.

   The present value of the combined unlevered free cash flows and the combined
range of terminal asset values were then adjusted for Cendant's March 31, 2001
excess cash, option exercise proceeds and total debt. Based on this analysis,
the discounted cash flow analysis indicated a range of equity values of between
$18.50 and $22.50 per share of CD common stock in the base case, and values
between $24.50 and $32.00 per share of CD common stock in the acquisitive case.

   Public Trading Multiples. Using publicly available information, JPMorgan
compared selected financial data, ratios and multiples of Cendant with similar
data, ratios and multiples for selected publicly traded companies engaged in
the diversified industries and services sector.

   The companies selected by JPMorgan were:

   General Electric Company (excluding GE Capital)
   Tyco International LTD.
   PepsiCo, Inc.
   Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company
   United Technologies Corporation
   Emerson Electric Co.
   Raytheon Company
   The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.

   For each of these companies, publicly available financial performance
through the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 was measured. In addition,
JPMorgan derived estimates of sales, EBITDA, and net earnings for calendar
years 2001 and 2002 from public equity analyst estimates. JPMorgan conducted a
trading multiples analysis for the purpose of determining a fully diluted
equity value per share for CD common stock. The analysis applied the price to
earnings ratio ("P/E") of 22.4x 2001 estimated earnings to Cendant's 2001
analyst estimated GAAP earnings per share of $1.01 and the firm value to 2002
EBITDA multiple of 10.7x to 2002 analyst estimated EBITDA of Cendant. Based
upon this range of multiples, JPMorgan derived an implied equity value range of
$22.50 to $25.00 per share of CD common stock.

   Historical Common Stock Performance. JPMorgan conducted a historical
analysis of the closing price of CD common stock based on closing prices on the
New York Stock Exchange over the time periods from June 13, 1998 to June 13,
2001 and June 13, 2000 to June 13, 2001. JPMorgan noted that CD common stock
traded at a 3-year low of $7.50 per share, a 3-year high of $26.56 per share, a
52-week low of $8.50 per share and a 52-week high of $19.22 per share.

   The summary set forth above is not a complete description of the analyses or
data presented by JPMorgan. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description. JPMorgan believes that Galileo's common stockholders must consider
its opinion, the summary and its analyses as a whole. Selecting portions of
this summary and these analyses, without considering the analyses as a whole,
would create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and
opinion. In arriving at its opinion, JPMorgan considered the results of all of
the analyses as a whole. No single factor or analysis was determinative of
JPMorgan's fairness determination. Rather, the totality of the factors
considered and analyses performed operated collectively to support its
determination. JPMorgan based its analysis on assumptions that it deemed
reasonable, including assumptions concerning general business and economic
conditions and industry specific factors. This summary sets forth under the
description of each analysis the other principal assumptions upon which
JPMorgan based that analysis. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results
are inherently uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events
beyond the control of the parties and their advisors. Accordingly, these
forecasts and analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those
analyses. Therefore, neither Galileo nor JPMorgan nor any other person assumes
responsibility if future results are materially different from those
forecasted.

   The projections furnished to JPMorgan for Galileo were prepared by Galileo's
management. Galileo does not publicly disclose internal management projections
of the type provided to JPMorgan in connection with JPMorgan's analysis of the
proposed merger, and such projections were not prepared with a view toward
public disclosure. These projections were based on numerous variables and
assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of
management, including factors related to general economic and competitive
conditions and prevailing interest rates. Accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from those set forth in such projections.

   As a part of its investment banking business, JPMorgan and its affiliates
are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control
purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distribution of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for estate, corporate
and other purposes. Galileo selected JPMorgan to deliver an opinion to the
Galileo board of directors with respect to the proposed merger on the basis of
such experience and its familiarity with Galileo.

   JPMorgan acted as financial advisor to Galileo and the board of directors of
Galileo with respect to the proposed merger and will receive a fee from Galileo
for its services rendered to date. JPMorgan will also receive an additional fee
if the proposed merger is consummated. From time to time, JPMorgan and its
affiliates have provided investment banking services to Cendant and Galileo for
which they have received customary compensation. In the ordinary course of
their businesses, JPMorgan and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and
equity securities of Galileo and/or affiliates thereof, as applicable, for its
own account or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, JPMorgan may at
any time hold long or short positions in such securities.

Stock Exchange Listing

   Cendant expects to receive authorization, subject to notice of issuance,
from the NYSE for the listing of CD common stock issuable pursuant to the
merger in exchange for Galileo common stock. The trading symbol for CD common
stock is "CD." Following the merger, Galileo stockholders will no longer be
able to trade shares of Galileo common stock on the NYSE or any other exchange
because the existing Galileo common stock will have ceased to exist and
therefore will no longer be listed on any exchange.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   The following is a general summary of the material United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger to Galileo stockholders upon their
exchange of Galileo common stock for CD common stock and cash pursuant to the
merger. This summary is based on provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, Treasury regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue
Code, and administrative and judicial interpretations of the Internal Revenue
Code, all as in effect as of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus. There
can be no assurance that future legislative, administrative or judicial changes
or interpretations, which changes or interpretations could apply retroactively,
will not affect the accuracy of the statements or conclusions set forth in this
tax summary. This summary is limited to Galileo stockholders that hold their
shares as a capital asset and does not consider the tax treatment to
stockholders that hold their shares through a partnership or other pass-through
entity. This summary does not address all aspects of United States federal
income taxation that may be applicable to Galileo stockholders in light of
their particular circumstances or to Galileo stockholders subject to special
treatment under United States federal income tax law, such as:

  .  certain U.S. expatriates;

  .  stockholders that hold Galileo common stock as part of a straddle,
     appreciated financial position, hedge, conversion transaction or other
     integrated investment;

  .  Galileo stockholders whose functional currency is not the United States
     dollar;

  .  Galileo stockholders who acquired Galileo common stock through the
     exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or
     through a tax-qualified retirement plan;

  . foreign persons and entities;

  . financial institutions;

  . insurance companies;

  . tax-exempt entities;

  . dealers in securities; and

  . traders in securities that mark-to-market.

   Furthermore, this summary does not address any aspect of state, local or
foreign taxation.

 General United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger to Galileo
 Stockholders

   Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP will
have provided opinions to their respective clients, dated as of the effective
date of the registration statement of which this proxy statement-prospectus
forms a part, to the effect that, for United States federal income tax
purposes, the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. In addition, Cendant's obligation
to consummate the merger is conditioned on the receipt by Cendant of an opinion
of Skadden Arps dated as of the effective date of the merger to the effect
that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the merger will qualify as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. Galileo's obligation to consummate the merger is conditioned on the
receipt by Galileo of an opinion of Jones Day dated as of the effective date of
the merger to the effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes,
the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. The opinions of Skadden Arps and of Jones
Day will rely on certain assumptions, including assumptions regarding the
absence of changes in existing facts and the completion of the merger strictly
in accordance with this proxy statement-prospectus and the merger agreement.
The opinions will also rely on representations and covenants, including those
contained in officers' certificates of Cendant and Galileo. If any of those
assumptions or representations are inaccurate, incomplete or untrue or any of
the covenants are breached, the conclusions contained in those opinions could
be affected. Neither these opinions nor the tax summary below will be binding
on the IRS or the courts, and no rulings will be sought from the IRS with
regard to the tax treatment of the merger and related transactions.
Accordingly, there can be no certainty that the IRS will not challenge the
conclusions reflected in the opinions or that a court would not sustain such a
challenge.

   Assuming that the merger is treated in accordance with the opinions of
counsel described above, the material United States federal income tax
consequences to a Galileo stockholder of the exchange of Galileo common stock
for CD common stock and cash pursuant to the merger will be as follows:

  . A Galileo stockholder will recognize gain, but not loss, equal to the
    lesser of (1) the amount of cash received in the merger and (2) the
    amount equal to the excess, if any, of the sum of the amount of cash and
    the fair market value of the Cendant common stock received in the merger
    over that stockholder's adjusted tax basis in the Galileo common stock
    exchanged by the stockholder in the merger. For this purpose, a Galileo
    stockholder must calculate gain or loss separately for each identifiable
    block of Galileo common stock exchanged by the stockholder in the merger,
    and the Galileo stockholder cannot utilize a loss realized on one block
    of its Galileo common stock to offset a gain realized on another block of
    its Galileo common stock.

  . The gain recognized by a Galileo stockholder in the merger generally will
    constitute capital gain, unless, as discussed below, the receipt of cash
    has the effect of a distribution of a dividend for United States federal
    income tax purposes, in which case that gain will be treated as ordinary
    dividend income to the extent of the stockholder's ratable share of
    Galileo's earnings and profits.

  . Any gain recognized by a Galileo stockholder in the merger that is
    treated as a capital gain will constitute long-term capital gain if the
    stockholder's holding period for the Galileo common stock

   exchanged in the merger is more than one year as of the date of the
   merger, and otherwise will constitute short-term capital gain.

  . A Galileo stockholder will not recognize any loss in the merger (except,
    possibly, in connection with cash received instead of a fractional share,
    as discussed below).

  . The aggregate tax basis of the shares of CD common stock received by a
    Galileo stockholder (before reduction for the basis in any fractional
    share of CD common stock for which cash is received) in exchange for
    Galileo common stock pursuant to the merger will be the same as the
    aggregate tax basis of the stockholder's Galileo common stock, decreased
    by the amount of cash received by the stockholder in the merger
    (excluding any cash received instead of a fractional share) and increased
    by the amount of gain recognized by the stockholder in the merger
    (including any portion of the gain that is treated as a dividend but
    excluding any gain recognized as a result of cash received instead of a
    fractional share).

  . The holding period of the shares of CD common stock received by a Galileo
    stockholder in the merger will include the holding period of the
    stockholder's Galileo common stock.

 Possible Treatment Of Cash As A Dividend.

   In general, the determination of whether the gain recognized by a Galileo
stockholder will be treated as capital gain or a dividend will depend upon
whether, and to what extent, the merger reduces the Galileo stockholder's
deemed percentage stock ownership interest in Cendant, and upon such
stockholder's particular circumstances. For purposes of this determination, a
Galileo stockholder will be treated as if the stockholder first exchanged all
of its Galileo common stock solely for CD common stock (instead of the
combination of CD common stock and cash actually received) and then Cendant
immediately redeemed a portion of that CD common stock in exchange for the cash
that the stockholder actually received in the merger. The gain recognized in
the exchange followed by the deemed redemption will be treated as capital gain
if, with respect to the Galileo stockholder, the deemed redemption is
"substantially disproportionate" or "not essentially equivalent to a dividend."

   In general, the deemed redemption will be "substantially disproportionate"
with respect to a Galileo stockholder if the percentage described in (2) below
is less than 80% of the percentage described in (1) below. Whether the deemed
redemption is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend" with respect to a
Galileo stockholder will depend on the stockholder's particular circumstances.
In order for the deemed redemption to be "not essentially equivalent to a
dividend," the deemed redemption must result in a "meaningful reduction" in the
Galileo stockholder's deemed percentage stock ownership of CD common stock. In
general, that determination requires a comparison of (1) the percentage of the
outstanding voting stock of Cendant that the Galileo stockholder is deemed
actually and constructively to have owned immediately before the deemed
redemption by Cendant and (2) the percentage of the outstanding voting stock of
Cendant actually and constructively owned by the stockholder immediately after
the deemed redemption by Cendant. The IRS has ruled that a minority stockholder
in a publicly traded corporation whose relative stock interest is minimal and
who exercises no control with respect to corporate affairs is considered to
have a "meaningful reduction" if that stockholder has any reduction in its
percentage stock ownership under the foregoing analysis. In applying the
foregoing tests, a stockholder may, under the constructive ownership rules, be
deemed to own stock that is owned by other persons or otherwise in addition to
the stock actually owned by that stockholder. Because the constructive
ownership rules are complex, each Galileo stockholder should consult its own
tax advisor as to the applicability of these rules.

 Cash Received Instead of a Fractional Share

   A Galileo stockholder who receives cash instead of a fractional share of CD
common stock will generally recognize capital gain or loss based on the
difference between the amount of the cash received instead of a fractional
share and the stockholder's tax basis in such fractional share.

 Reporting Requirements

   Galileo stockholders receiving CD common stock in the merger should file a
statement with their United States federal income tax returns setting forth
their tax basis in the Galileo common stock exchanged in the merger and the
fair market value of the CD common stock and the amount of any cash received in
the merger. In addition, Galileo stockholders will be required to retain
permanent records of these facts relating to the merger.

 Backup Withholding

   Backup withholding at the applicable federal rate may apply with respect to
certain payments, including cash received in the merger, unless a Galileo
stockholder (1) is a corporation or comes within certain other exempt
categories and, when required, demonstrates this fact or (2) provides a correct
taxpayer identification number, certifies as to no loss of exemption from
backup withholding and that such stockholder is a U.S. person (including a U.S.
resident alien) and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the
backup withholding rules. A Galileo stockholder who does not provide Cendant
(or the exchange agent) with its correct taxpayer identification number may be
subject to penalties imposed by the IRS. Any amounts withheld under the backup
withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against the
stockholder's federal income tax liability, provided that the stockholder
furnishes certain required information to the IRS.

   The summary of material United States federal income tax consequences set
forth above is intended to provide only a general summary and is not intended
to be a complete analysis or description of all potential United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger. In addition, the summary does not
address tax consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual
circumstances. Moreover the summary does not address any non-income tax or any
foreign, state, local or other tax consequences of the merger. The summary does
not address the tax consequences of any transaction other than the merger.
Accordingly, each Galileo stockholder is strongly urged to consult with a tax
advisor to determine the particular federal, state, local or foreign income,
reporting or other tax consequences of the merger to that stockholder.

Accounting Treatment

   The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for financial accounting
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. For purposes of preparing Cendant's consolidated financial
statements, Cendant will establish a new accounting basis for Galileo's assets
and liabilities based upon their fair values, the merger consideration and the
costs of the merger. Cendant believes that any excess of cost over the fair
value of the net assets of Galileo will be recorded as goodwill and other
intangible assets. A final determination of the intangible asset values and
required purchase accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the
purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
respective fair values, has not yet been made. Cendant will determine the fair
value of Galileo's assets and liabilities and will make appropriate purchase
accounting adjustments, including adjustments to the amortization period of the
intangible assets, upon completion of that determination. However, for purposes
of disclosing pro forma information in this proxy statement-prospectus, Cendant
has made a preliminary determination of the purchase price allocation, based
upon current estimates and assumptions, which is subject to revision upon
consummation of the merger.

Regulatory Approvals

 HSR Act

   Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, Cendant and Galileo were required to give
notification and furnish information to the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and to wait the specified
waiting period before they can complete the merger. Each of Galileo and Cendant
filed the required notification and report forms with the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division on June

26, 2001. This began a 30-day waiting period, which is expected to expire on
July 26, 2001. Even if the waiting period expires without any action being
taken by either the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice, at any time before or after the merger, the Antitrust
Division or the Federal Trade Commission could, among other things, seek to
enjoin the completion of the merger or seek the divestiture of substantial
assets of Galileo or Cendant. In addition, the merger also is subject to state
antitrust laws and could be the subject of challenges by state attorneys
general under those laws, or by private parties under federal or state
antitrust laws.

 Foreign Regulatory Filings

   Under Regulation (EEC) No. 4064/89 of the Council of the European Union, the
merger may not be consummated until the Commission of the European Communities
(the "European Commission") has granted its approval of the transaction. The
requisite notification will be filed with respect to the merger with the
European Commission in due course. Following notification, the European
Commission has one month to review the transaction. This initial review period
may be extended for up to an additional four months if the European Commission
decides to conduct a full investigation of the merger.

   Completion of the merger requires the approval and consent of the Treasurer
of the Commonwealth of Australia under the Foreign Acquisition and Takeovers
Act 1975(th). The requisite notification will be filed with respect to the
merger with the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) in due course. The FIRB
has 30 days after receiving the notice to make any order in relation to the
proposed transaction and 10 additional days in which to notify the parties once
a decision has been made. After this 40-day period expires, the FIRB loses the
ability either to block the transaction or impose conditions on its approval.
The FIRB may, however, extend its examination period for a further 90 days.

   The Competition Act of Canada and accompanying regulations require
notification to Canada's Commissioner of Competition of mergers involving the
acquisition of the assets or shares of an operating business in Canada where
the acquisition exceeds prescribed financial thresholds and in the case of
share acquisitions, prescribed voting interest thresholds. Notification to the
Commissioner and the expiration or earlier termination or waiver of the
applicable waiting period are required before the merger can be completed.
Galileo and Cendant will file formal notifications with the Competition
Commission and request an advance ruling certificate from the Competition
Commission to the effect that the Commissioner does not have sufficient grounds
upon which to challenge the merger before the Canadian Competition Tribunal in
due course. The time period in which the Commissioner has to consider the
merger is intially 14 days for a short-form filing, unless the Commissioner
requires a long-form filing in which case the time period is 42 days.

   Completion of the merger requires the approval and consent of the
Competition Commission of South Africa under the Competition Act No. 89 of
1998. The requisite notification will be filed with respect to the merger in
due course. The time period in which the Competition Commission has to consider
the merger is initially 20 business days. The Commission may extend this period
for a further 40 business days. If upon expiration of the initial 20 business
days, the Commission has not issued a certificate extending the time period for
a further 40 business days, the merger is deemed to have been approved. In
addition, if upon the expiration of the 40 business days, the Commission has
not issued a certificate approving the merger, the merger will be deemed to
have been approved.

   Cendant and Galileo are not aware of any other foreign governmental
approvals or actions that may be required for consummation of the merger.
Nonetheless, in connection with the merger, the laws of a number of foreign
countries and jurisdictions in which Galileo conducts its business may require
the filing of information with, or the obtaining of the approval or consent of,
governmental authorities in those countries and jurisdictions. The governments
in those countries and jurisdictions might attempt to impose additional
conditions on Galileo's operations conducted in those countries and
jurisdictions as a result of the merger. If such approvals or consents are
found to be required, the parties intend to make the appropriate filings and

applications. In the event that a filing or application is made for the
requisite foreign approvals or consents, there can be no assurance that those
approvals or consents will be granted and, if those approvals or consents are
received, there can be no assurance as to the date of those approvals or
consents.

 Federal Communications Commission

   Galileo holds authorizations issued by the U.S. Federal Communications
Commission to provide, among other things, global facilities-based and resale
services. Galileo and Cendant must obtain prior FCC approval in order to
transfer control of the FCC authorizations from Galileo to Cendant.

 Third-party Approvals

   Galileo is a party to a number of loan agreements, lease agreements and
other agreements. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Galileo has agreed to use
its reasonable best efforts to obtain all consents, approvals and waivers from
third parties.

Appraisal Rights

   Under Delaware law, if the merger is consummated, any Galileo stockholder of
record who objects to the merger in accordance with the statutory requirement
of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may elect to have his or
her shares of Galileo common stock appraised under the procedures of Delaware
law and to be paid the fair value of his or her shares. Under Section 262, only
holders of record of Galileo common stock are entitled to appraisal rights, and
any such holders electing to exercise appraisal rights must comply with the
provisions of Section 262 in order to perfect their rights. A copy of Section
262 is attached to this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex E.

   The following is intended as a brief summary of the material provisions of
the Delaware statutory procedures required to be followed by a Galileo
stockholder in order to dissent from the merger and perfect his or her
appraisal rights. This summary, however, is not a complete statement of all
applicable requirements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

   Under Section 262, Galileo is required to notify stockholders not less than
20 days before the special meeting to vote on the merger that appraisal rights
will be available. A copy of Section 262 must be included with that notice.
This proxy statement-prospectus constitutes Galileo's notice to its
stockholders of the availability of appraisal rights in connection with the
merger in compliance with the requirements of Section 262. If you wish to
consider exercising your appraisal rights, you should carefully review the text
of Section 262 contained in Annex E. If you fail to timely and properly comply
with the requirements of Section 262, your appraisal rights under Delaware law
may be lost.

   If you elect to demand appraisal of your shares of Galileo common stock, you
must satisfy each of the following conditions:

  .  You must deliver to Galileo a written demand for appraisal of your
     shares before the vote is taken on the merger agreement at the special
     meeting. This written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and
     separate from any proxy or vote abstaining from or voting against the
     merger. Voting against or failing to vote for the merger by itself does
     not constitute a demand for appraisal under Section 262.

  .  You must not vote in favor of the merger. A vote in favor of the merger,
     by proxy or in person, will constitute a waiver of your appraisal rights
     and will nullify any previously filed written demands for appraisal.

  .  You must continuously hold your Galileo common stock through the
     effective time of the merger.

   If you fail to comply with any of these conditions and the merger is
completed, you will lose your appraisal rights with respect to your shares of
Galileo common stock. All demands for appraisal should be addressed to:

                          Galileo International, Inc.
                       9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400
                            Rosemont, Illinois 60018
                         Attention: Corporate Secretary

   The written demand must identify the Galileo stockholder and state that the
stockholder intends to demand appraisal of his or her shares of Galileo common
stock. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of Galileo common stock
that are held of record in the name of another person, such as a broker,
fiduciary, depositary or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record
holder to follow the steps summarized herein properly and in a timely manner to
perfect appraisal rights. An authorized agent may execute the demand for
appraisal for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the
record owner and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand,
such person is acting as agent for the record owner. If a stockholder holds
shares through a broker who in turn holds the shares through a central
securities depositary nominee such as Cede & Co., a demand for appraisal of
such shares must be made by or on behalf of the depository nominee and must
identify the depository nominee as record holder.

   Within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, Galileo must give
written notice that the merger has become effective to each Galileo stockholder
who has properly sent a written demand for appraisal and who did not vote in
favor of the merger. Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger,
either Galileo or any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
Section 262 may file a petition in the Delaware Chancery Court demanding a
determination of the value of the shares held by all stockholders entitled to
appraisal. Galileo has no obligation to file such a petition in the event there
are dissenting stockholders. Accordingly, any stockholders who desire to have
their shares appraised should initiate any petition necessary for the
perfection of their appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner
prescribed by Section 262. If a petition is not filed within the 120-day
period, all appraisal rights relating to Galileo common stock will terminate
and all stockholders will be entitled to the merger consideration.

   At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, any
dissenting stockholder may withdraw in writing the demand for appraisal. If a
Galileo stockholder withdraws his or her demand, the stockholder will only be
entitled to receive the merger consideration specified by the merger agreement
for his or her shares of Galileo common stock. Any attempt to withdraw an
appraisal demand more than 60 days after the effective time of the merger will
require the written approval of the surviving corporation and no appraisal
proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed as to any
stockholder without the approval of the court, which approval may be
conditioned on such terms as the court deems just. Within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, any stockholder who has complied with Section 262
will be entitled, upon written request, to receive a statement setting forth
the aggregate number of shares of Galileo common stock not voted in favor of
the merger with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and
the aggregate number of holders of such shares. If a petition for appraisal is
duly filed by a dissenting stockholder and a copy of the petition is delivered
to Galileo, within 20 days after receiving such service, Galileo must file with
the Delaware Chancery Court a duly verified list containing the names and
addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an appraisal of their shares.
After notice to dissenting stockholders, the Delaware Chancery Court is
empowered to conduct a hearing upon the petition to determine those
stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and who are entitled to
appraisal rights. The Delaware Chancery Court may require the stockholders who
have demanded appraisal to submit their stock certificates to the Register in
Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings. If
any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Delaware Chancery
Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder.

   After determination of the stockholders entitled to appraisal rights, the
Delaware Chancery Court will appraise the shares of Galileo common stock owned
by such stockholders, determining the fair value of such shares exclusive of
any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid upon the
amount determined to be the fair value.

   Although Galileo believes that the merger consideration to be received by
Galileo stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement is fair, no
representation is made as to the outcome of the appraisal of fair value as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and stockholders should recognize
that such an appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or
lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Galileo does not
anticipate offering more than the merger consideration to any stockholder
exercising appraisal rights and reserves the right to assert, in any appraisal
proceeding, that, for purposes of Section 262, the "fair value" of a share of
Galileo common stock is less than the merger consideration. In determining
"fair value," the court is required to take into account all relevant factors.
In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that "proof of
value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in
the financial community and otherwise admissible in court" should be considered
and that "[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors
involving the value of a company." The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that
in making this determination of fair value the court must consider market
value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise
and any other facts which could be ascertained as of the date of the merger
which throw any light on future prospects of the merged corporation. Section
262 provides that fair value is to be "exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger." In Cede & Co. v.
Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a
"narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value," but which
rather applies only to the speculative elements of value arising from such
accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court
construed Section 262 to mean that "elements of future value, including the
nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the
date of the merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered."

   The cost of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Delaware Court
of Chancery and taxed against the parties as the court deems equitable in the
circumstances. However, costs do not include attorneys' and expert witness
fees. Each dissenting stockholder is responsible for his or her attorneys' and
expert witness expenses, although, upon application of a dissenting
stockholder, the court may order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred
by any dissenting stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding,
including reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be
charged pro rata against the value of all shares of stock entitled to
appraisal.

   Any stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will not, after the
effective time of the merger, be entitled to vote his or her shares for any
purpose or to receive payments of dividends or any other distribution with
respect to such shares (other than with respect to payment as of a record date
prior to the effective time of the merger).

   In view of the complexity of Section 262, Galileo stockholders who may wish
to dissent from the merger and pursue appraisal rights should consult their
legal advisors.

   Failure to take any required step in connection with exercising appraisal
rights may result in the termination or waiver of such rights.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

   In considering the recommendation of the Galileo board with respect to the
merger agreement, stockholders of Galileo should be aware that certain
directors and executive officers of Galileo have interests in the merger that
are in addition to their interests as stockholders of Galileo generally. The
Galileo board was aware of these interests and considered them, among other
matters, in approving the merger.

 Cendant Director

   The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger,
Cendant will expand its board of directors by one seat and will nominate and
appoint an individual that has been designated by the Galileo board and is
reasonably satisfactory to Cendant to serve on the Cendant board in the class
of directors whose term expires in 2004. Under the terms of the merger
agreement, the individual designated by Galileo must have no relationship to
Cendant that may interfere with the exercise of his or her independence from
Cendant and its management. At this time, the Galileo board has not yet
designated anyone.

 Acceleration of Vesting of Stock Options

   Galileo has issued stock options to certain directors, officers and
employees under Galileo's stock option and equity incentive plans. Under the
terms of the merger agreement, all options to acquire shares of Galileo common
stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger,
whether or not then exercisable, will be converted into options of Cendant in
amounts and at exercise prices as determined in the merger agreement. The terms
of each option will otherwise remain subject to the terms of the applicable
option plan and agreements as in effect immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger. Accordingly, the stock options granted to Galileo's executive
officers will become immediately vested and exercisable at the effective time
of the merger. Furthermore, subsequent to the merger, stock options and stock
appreciation rights previously granted to other employees who are not executive
officers will, by their terms, become immediately vested and exercisable in the
event that the employee's employment with Galileo is terminated other than for
cause within two years of the merger.

   As a result of the foregoing, Galileo stock options held by its directors
and executive officers will immediately vest upon the effectiveness of the
merger as follows:

                                   In-The-Money Options(1)                  Total Options
                             ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
                                 Number of      Weighted Average     Number of      Weighted Average
                             Unvested Shares to  Exercise Price  Unvested Shares to  Exercise Price
             Name             Vest Upon Merger    Per Share(2)    Vest Upon Merger    Per Share(2)
             ----            ------------------ ---------------- ------------------ ----------------

   Directors
     Graham W. Atkinson....           --                --                --                --
     Cheryl Ballenger......        20,600            $24.53            22,267            $26.29
     James E. Barlett......       246,400             25.48           382,467             31.56
     Wim Dik...............        10,000             27.41            10,000             27.41
     Mina Gouran...........         1,000             27.41             1,000             27.41
     Matthew F.C. Miau.....         1,000             27.41             1,000             27.41
     Georges P.
      Schorderet...........           --                --                --                --
     Andrew P. Studdert....           --                --                --                --
     Anthony C. Swanagan...        22,467             24.53            23,800             25.85
     Kenneth Whipple.......         1,000             27.41             1,000             27.41
   Other Executive Officers
     Lyn Bulman............        44,667             25.46            51,333             28.39
     Babetta R. Gray.......        72,600             25.19            81,266             27.63
     James E. Lubinski.....        89,067             25.26           101,067             27.97
     David A. Near.........        52,067             25.41            61,733             28.95
     Ron Thornhill.........        12,000             24.53            16,667             29.33

- --------
(1)  In-The-Money Options represent options with exercise prices of less than
     $33.00 per share.
(2)  Upon conversion of Galileo stock options into Cendant stock options, the
     exercise price per share of CD common stock under each converted stock
     option will equal the exercise price per share under the Galileo stock
     option divided by the option exchange ratio. The option exchange ratio is
     the quotient derived by dividing $33.00 by Cendant's average trading
     price, subject to a collar of 1.65000 and approximately 1.94118.

   In addition, under the terms of the Galileo non-employee director stock plan
and the stockholders' agreement, Galileo pays to each of United and SAirGroup
the cash equivalent of the options that their director designees would
otherwise receive as non-employee directors under the plan. Payments under the
plan to each of United and SAirGroup in the aggregate amounts of $127,224 and
$115,658, respectively, will become vested upon the effectiveness of the
merger.

 Strategic Alternatives Bonus Payment

   The compensation committee of Galileo's board approved a strategic
alternatives bonus plan that provides for a bonus pool to be funded to pay the
chief executive officer of Galileo and certain other senior executives,
including Ms. Ballenger and Mr. Swanagan, a strategic alternatives bonus
payment upon consummation of a business combination such as the proposed
merger. The bonus pool is equal to 0.50% (one-half of one percent) of the
transaction value of the merger, which is defined as the equity purchase price,
plus assumed debt, minus available cash at the time the merger transaction
closes. The equity purchase price refers to the total price paid to acquire the
outstanding securities of Galileo. If the equity purchase price per share is
less than $27.00, no strategic alternatives bonus payments will be paid. For
illustrative purposes, based upon (1) an assumed equity purchase price of $33
per share of Galileo common stock; and (2) the shares of Galileo common stock
outstanding, debt and available cash at June 30, 2001, the strategic
alternatives bonus pool would be $   .

   The amount of each executive's award will be determined by the compensation
committee upon recommendation of the chief executive officer. Such amounts will
be payable at the effective time of the merger. In the event that the
employment of a designated executive is terminated prior to the effective time
other than for cause, that executive will remain eligible to receive the
strategic alternatives bonus payment. If the designated executive's employment
with Galileo is voluntarily terminated by the executive prior to the effective
time, no strategic alternative bonus payment will be payable to that executive.
The individual payments to the chief executive officer and senior executives
have not yet been determined.

 Restricted Stock

   Galileo granted to Mr. Barlett restricted stock awards of 48,950 shares each
on June 18, 1998 and June 18, 1999, of which 44,055 shares are currently
subject to forfeiture under the terms of the award agreements. At the effective
time, the restrictions on these shares will lapse, the shares will become
immediately vested and Mr. Barlett will receive the merger consideration for
these shares.

 Employment Agreements

   Galileo has in place employment agreements with its chief executive officer
and each of its other executive officers, which contain change in control
provisions.

   Chief Executive Officer. James E. Barlett is a party to an employment
agreement with Galileo, dated April 27, 2001. The term of his employment
agreement continues for three years, but is automatically renewed every April
27 for an additional year, such that there is always three years remaining in
the term of the agreement on April 27 of each year. The agreement provides for
a salary of $703,500 per annum, reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the
Galileo board and increased upon approval of the Galileo board. The agreement
also provides for Mr. Barlett's participation in Galileo's incentive and
benefit plans as well as an airfare and car allowance. The agreement may be
terminated immediately by Galileo for "Cause" or by Mr. Barlett with "Good
Reason" (as these terms are defined in the employment agreement).

   If Mr. Barlett's employment agreement is terminated by Galileo without Cause
or by Mr. Barlett for Good Reason, within 30 days after termination, Galileo
must pay Mr. Barlett (1) a lump sum equal to the sum of Mr. Barlett's annual
salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination through the termination
date, to the extent not theretofore paid, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have received under the Management
Incentive Plan ("MIP") attributable to the year in which termination occurred,

assuming 100% target achievement; multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of days in such year through the termination date and the
denominator of which is 365; and (2) a lump sum equal to Mr. Barlett's annual
salary at its rate in effect at the termination date, for a period of 12 months
or the remaining term of the agreement, whichever is less, plus an amount equal
to the annual incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have received under the
MIP attributable to the year in which termination occurred, assuming 100%
target achievement. In addition, commencing 12 months after the date of
termination, and for a period of 24 months or the remaining term of the
agreement following the date that is 12 months after the termination date,
whichever is less, Galileo would be required to pay Mr. Barlett an additional
amount equal to Mr. Barlett's annual salary, payable on a monthly basis, plus a
monthly amount equal to one-twelfth of the amount Mr. Barlett would have earned
under the MIP for that year, assuming a 100% target achievement. The monthly
payments will be decreased to reflect income generated by Mr. Barlett from any
other employment or business activities, other than income from personal
investments. Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits to Mr. Barlett
for a 24-month period following a termination without Cause or a resignation
for Good Reason, or until Mr. Barlett becomes entitled to receive benefits from
another employer.

   If Mr. Barlett's employment agreement is terminated by Galileo without Cause
prior to a "Change in Control" (as such term is defined in the agreement) as a
condition of the agreement to which the Change in Control occurs, or if Galileo
terminates the agreement without Cause within two years following a Change in
Control, or if Mr. Barlett terminates the agreement with Good Reason within two
years following a Change in Control, within 30 days after termination, Galileo
must pay Mr. Barlett (1) a lump sum equal to the sum of Mr. Barlett's annual
salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination through the termination
date, to the extent not theretofore paid, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have received under the MIP
attributable to the year in which termination occurred, assuming 100% target
achievement, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
days in such year through the termination date and the denominator of which is
365, and (2) a lump sum equal to the sum of Mr. Barlett's annual salary at the
rate in effect at the time of termination, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation Mr. Barlett would have received under the MIP
attributable to the 12-month period following the date of termination, assuming
a performance target achievement rate calculated as the average of the rates
used to calculate MIP payments, or any payment made to Mr. Barlett instead of
MIP payments, in the three years immediately prior to the termination date for
which these payments have been calculated and made, multiplied by the number
three. Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits to Mr. Barlett for
three years following a termination without Cause or a resignation for Good
Reason within the applicable Change in Control time periods or until Mr.
Barlett becomes entitled to receive benefits from another employer.

   Other Executive Officers. Cheryl Ballenger, Lyn Bulman, Babetta R. Gray,
James E. Lubinski, David A. Near, Anthony Swanagan and Ron Thornhill are each
party to an employment agreement with Galileo. Each of these agreements is
dated April 11, 2001, except for the agreement with Ms. Ballenger, which is
dated May 17, 2001, and the agreement with Mr. Thornhill, which is dated May
18, 2000, as amended May 4, 2001. The agreements provide for a base salary per
annum of $330,000, $197,500, $306,000, $397,500, $250,000, $176,000 and
$216,300, respectively, reviewed by the Compensation Committee of the Galileo
board and increased at its discretion. The agreements provide for participation
in Galileo's incentive and benefit plans as well as a car allowance. The term
of each of these agreements continues indefinitely until terminated by Galileo
or the executive. Each of the agreements may be terminated immediately by
Galileo with "Cause" or by the executive with "Good Reason" (as these terms are
defined in the agreement).

   If any of the agreements is terminated by Galileo without Cause or by the
executive for Good Reason, within 30 days after termination, Galileo must pay
the executive (i) a lump sum equal to the sum of the executive's annual salary
at the rate in effect at the time of termination through the termination date,
to the extent not theretofore paid, plus an amount equal to the annual
incentive compensation the executive would have received under the MIP
attributable to the year in which termination occurred, assuming 100% target
achievement, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
days in such year through the termination date and the denominator of which is
365, and (ii) a lump sum equal to the executive's annual

salary at its rate in effect at the termination date plus an amount equal to
the amount of annual incentive compensation the executive would have received
under the MIP for that 12 month period assuming a 100% target achievement. In
addition, commencing 12 months after the date of termination and for 12 months
thereafter, Galileo must pay the executive an additional amount equal to the
executive's annual salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination on a
monthly basis, plus a monthly amount equal to one-twelfth of the amount the
executive would have earned under the MIP for that year, assuming a 100% target
achievement. Such monthly payments are decreased to reflect income generated by
executive from any other employment or business activities, other than income
from personal investments. Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits
to the executive for the lesser of a 24-month period or until executive becomes
entitled to receive benefits from another employer.

   If any of the agreements is terminated by Galileo without Cause prior to a
"Change in Control" (as such term is defined in the agreements) as a condition
of the agreement to which the Change in Control occurs, or if Galileo
terminates any of the agreements without Cause within two years following a
Change in Control, or if the executive terminates his or her respective
agreement with Good Reason within two years following a Change in Control,
within 30 days after termination, Galileo must pay the executive (1) a lump sum
equal to the sum of the executive's annual salary at the rate in effect at the
time of termination through the termination date, to the extent not theretofore
paid, plus an amount equal to the annual incentive compensation the executive
would have received under the MIP attributable to the year in which termination
occurred, assuming 100% target achievement, multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the number of days in such year through the termination
date and the denominator of which is 365, and (2) a lump sum equal to three
times (two times in the case of Mr. Thornhill) the executive's salary, at its
rate in effect at the termination date, plus an amount equal to three times
(two times in the case of Mr. Thornhill) the annual incentive compensation the
executive would have received under the MIP, assuming 100% of target
achievement for Mr. Thornhill and, with respect to the other executive
officers, assuming a performance target achievement rate calculated as the
average of the rates used to calculate MIP payments, or any payment made to the
executive instead of MIP payments, in the three years immediately prior to the
termination date for which these payments have been calculated and paid.
Galileo also will provide group insurance benefits to the executive for a
period of 36 months (24 months in the case of Mr. Thornhill), or until the
executive becomes entitled to receive benefits from another employer.

   Payments Resulting from the Merger. Approval of the merger agreement by
Galileo's stockholders will constitute a "change in control" as defined in
those agreements. It is presently estimated, based upon certain assumptions and
data available as of a recent date, that if these executives' employment is
terminated within the time period specified in the employment agreements under
circumstances entitling those persons to severance benefits under their
employment agreements, those persons will be entitled to severance benefits
approximately in the following amounts:

                                                                      Severance
   Name                                                                Benefit
   ----                                                               ----------

   James E Barlett................................................... $4,770,716
   James E. Lubinski.................................................  2,328,474
   Cheryl M. Ballenger...............................................  1,935,620
   Babetta R. Gray...................................................  1,795,938
   David A. Near.....................................................  1,470,015
   Lyn Bulman........................................................  1,164,462
   Anthony C. Swanagan...............................................  1,039,331
   Ron Thornhill.....................................................    729,076

   The severance benefit amounts shown in the table include the cash severance
payment, management incentive bonus component, and an estimated value of
continued welfare benefits as set forth in the executive's employment
agreement. Such amounts do not take into account (1) the strategic alternatives
bonus payments described above; (2) the value of acceleration of stock option
and restricted stock awards; and (3) the excise tax

gross-up payment that is required under Mr. Barlett's employment agreement.
Under Mr. Barlett's employment agreement (but not the employment agreements of
Galileo's other executive officers) Galileo is obligated to pay Mr. Barlett (1)
an additional amount to cover any liability on his part for excise taxes on any
"excess parachute payments" under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code
paid to him as a result of the completion of the merger, plus (2) a further
amount to cover any liability on his part for all taxes (including income
taxes) arising as a result of the payment to him of such additional amount.
These payments are collectively known as an excise tax gross-up payment. The
estimated excise tax gross-up payment to Mr. Barlett is $2,154,257, plus 54.9%
of any strategic alternatives bonus payment that he receives.

 Indemnification and Insurance.

   Under the merger agreement, Cendant agreed to provide certain continuing
indemnification and insurance benefits for officers, directors and employees of
Galileo. See "The Merger Agreement--Indemnification and Insurance."

Redemption of Special Preferred Stock from Certain Stockholders

   In addition to Galileo common stock, Galileo has issued and outstanding
special voting preferred stock. This outstanding special voting preferred stock
is divided into three series, each series consisting of one share and entitling
the holder to elect one director so long as certain Galileo common stock
ownership thresholds are maintained. Based upon the number of shares of special
voting preferred stock outstanding and related Galileo common stock ownership,
the special voting preferred stock holders are entitled to elect a total of
three members to the Galileo board. The respective holders of the special
voting preferred stock are entitled to elect their director designee, voting as
a separate class. See "Comparison Of Rights Of Stockholders Of Galileo and
Cendant."

   The outstanding special voting preferred stock currently is held by two
entities that are respectively controlled by United and SAirGroup. As of June
30, 2001, United and SAirGroup held in the aggregate 18.2% and 8.0%,
respectively, of Galileo common stock. See "Security Ownership Of Certain
Beneficial Owners And Management Of Galileo Common Stock."

   Under the terms of Galileo's certificate of incorporation and the merger
agreement, all shares of special voting preferred stock outstanding at the
effective time of the merger will automatically and immediately be redeemed by
Galileo for an amount equal to $100 per share (the preferred redemption price)
and any directors elected to the Galileo board by holders of special voting
preferred stock will, at the effective time of the merger, be deemed to have
resigned from the Galileo board. All funds necessary to pay the preferred
redemption price and any expenses relating to the redemption of the special
voting preferred stock will come solely from Galileo. See "The Merger
Agreement."

Delisting and Deregistration of Galileo Common Stock

   If the merger is completed, the shares of Galileo common stock will be
delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. Consequently, following completion of the merger, Galileo stockholders
will no longer be able to trade shares of Galileo common stock on any stock
exchange.

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates of Galileo

   The shares of CD common stock to be issued to Galileo stockholders in the
merger have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933. These shares may
be traded freely and without restriction by those stockholders not deemed to be
"affiliates" of Galileo as that term is defined under the Securities Act. An
affiliate of a corporation, as defined by the rules promulgated under the
Securities Act, is a person who directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
that corporation. Any subsequent transfer by an affiliate of Galileo must be
one permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 145 promulgated under the
Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. These
restrictions are expected to apply to the directors and executive officers of
Galileo (as well as to certain other related individuals or entities, including
United and SAirGroup).

                          THE GALILEO SPECIAL MEETING

Purpose, Time and Place

   The special meeting will be held at        on       ,      , 2001, at  :00
a.m., Central Time, unless postponed or adjourned to a later date. The purpose
of the special meeting is for the Galileo stockholders to consider and vote
upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and possibly any adjournments or
postponements of the special meeting. It is currently contemplated that no
other matters will be considered at the special meeting.

   The Galileo board has approved the merger agreement, the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and has determined that
the consideration to be paid to Galileo stockholders in the merger is fair from
a financial point of view and the merger and the merger agreement are advisable
and in the best interest of Galileo and its stockholders. The Galileo board
believes the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are in the best interests of Galileo and
its stockholders and recommends that Galileo stockholders vote FOR the adoption
of the merger agreement.

Record Date; Voting Power

   The Galileo board of directors has fixed the close of business (5:00 p.m.,
Eastern Time) on      , 2001 as the record date for determining the holders of
Galileo common stock entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special
meeting. Only holders of record of Galileo common stock at the close of
business on the record date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
special meeting. Holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock do not have
the right to vote at the special meeting.

   On the record date, approximately     shares of Galileo common stock were
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. Holders of
record of Galileo common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter
which may properly come before the special meeting. If you are a record holder
of Galileo common stock on the record date, you may vote your shares of Galileo
common stock in person at the special meeting or by proxy as described below
under "Voting of Proxies."

   The record stockholder number does not include the number of persons whose
Galileo common stock is in nominee or "street name" accounts through brokers.
If you hold your shares of Galileo common stock in this manner, you must follow
the instructions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct your broker
to vote your shares. Most banks and brokers have provisions for telephone and
Internet voting. Check the material sent to you by them, or call your account
representative for more information.

   A quorum is present at the special meeting if a majority of the outstanding
shares of Galileo common stock is represented in person or by proxy. A quorum
is necessary to hold the special meeting. Any shares of Galileo common stock
held in treasury by Galileo or any of its subsidiaries are not considered to be
outstanding for purposes of determining a quorum. Once a share of Galileo
common stock is represented at the special meeting, it will be counted for the
purpose of determining a quorum at the special meeting and any adjournment of
the special meeting unless the holder is present solely to object to the
special meeting. If a quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is
expected that the special meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit
additional proxies. However, if a new record date is set for the adjourned
meeting, then a new quorum will have to be established. Abstentions and broker
non-votes (which are shares held by brokers in street name that are not
entitled to vote at the special meeting due to the absence of specific
instructions from the beneficial owners of those shares) will be treated as
present at the special meeting for purposes of determining the presence or
absence of a quorum for the transaction of business.

   In connection with the merger agreement, Galileo entered into a stock option
agreement with Cendant, whereby Galileo granted to Cendant an option to
purchase up to 17,041,071 shares of Galileo common stock at

an exercise price of $33.00 per share, which is exercisable by Cendant upon the
occurrence of certain conditions specified in the stock option agreement. If
Cendant proposes to exercise its option following the record date of the
special meeting, Galileo has agreed, at Cendant's request given no later than
five days prior to the Galileo special meeting, subject to the fiduciary duties
of the Galileo board, to fix a new record date and to hold the special meeting
at a time that provides Cendant the opportunity to vote its Galileo common
stock at that meeting. As of the date of this proxy statement-prospectus,
Cendant has not exercised, or notified Galileo that it intends to exercise, its
option.

Votes Required

   The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Galileo
common stock outstanding on the record date is required to adopt the merger
agreement. No vote of the holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock is
needed. Under Delaware law, a Galileo stockholder who abstains from voting or
who does not vote will have the same effect as if the stockholder had voted
against the adoption of the merger agreement. Brokers who hold shares of
Galileo common stock as nominees will not have discretionary authority to vote
such shares in the absence of instructions from the beneficial owners of those
shares. Any shares that are not voted because the nominee-broker lacks such
discretionary authority will be counted and have the same effect as a vote
against the adoption of the merger.

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Stockholders

   As of the record date, Galileo directors and executive officers as a group
owned and were entitled to vote less than one percent of the outstanding shares
of Galileo common stock. Each of the directors and executive officers of
Galileo that is entitled to vote at the Galileo special meeting has indicated
that they intend to vote their shares in favor of adoption of the merger
agreement.

   At June 30, 2001, United, as the parent of Covia, owned and was entitled to
vote 15,940,000 or approximately 18.2% of the outstanding shares of Galileo
common stock. United and Covia have agreed to vote in favor of adoption of the
merger agreement pursuant to the terms of the voting agreement. See "The Voting
Agreement."

   Under the stock option agreement, Cendant has an option to purchase up to
17,041,071 shares of Galileo common stock. If Cendant proposes to exercise its
option following the record date of the special meeting, Galileo has agreed,
subject to the fiduciary duties of the Galileo board, to fix a new record date
and to hold the special meeting at a time that provides Cendant the opportunity
to vote its Galileo common stock at that meeting. Cendant may not acquire
shares pursuant to the option agreement unless the voting agreement with United
has been terminated and certain other conditions have been satisfied. See "The
Stock Option Agreement."

Voting of Proxies

   If you vote your shares of Galileo common stock by signing a proxy and
returning it in time for the special meeting, your shares will be voted at the
special meeting in the manner specified in your proxy card. If your proxy is
properly executed but does not contain voting instructions, your proxy will be
voted FOR approval of the merger agreement, unless the Galileo board changes it
recommendation concerning the merger before you have signed and dated your
proxy, in which case executed proxies without voting instructions will be voted
in proportion to all specified proxies that have been voted. If other matters
are properly presented before the special meeting, the persons named in your
proxy will have authority to vote in accordance with their judgment on any
other such matter, including, any proposal to adjourn or postpone the meeting
or otherwise concerning the conduct of the meeting. However, a proxy that has
been designated to vote against the approval of the merger agreement will not
be voted, either directly or through a separate proposal, to adjourn the
meeting to solicit additional votes. It is not expected that any matter other
than as described in this proxy statement-prospectus will be brought before the
special meeting.

   You may also submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet. The
telephone and Internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate votes
cast by use of a personal identification number. These procedures allow
stockholders to appoint a proxy to vote their shares and to confirm that their
instructions have been properly recorded. Instructions for voting by telephone
and over the Internet are printed on the proxy cards. Please be advised that if
you vote your proxy by calling the toll-free number or by using the Internet,
the deadline for submitting or revoking your proxy by telephone or over the
Internet is 11:59 p.m., Central time, on      , 2001 [one day prior to the
special meeting].

   If you hold your shares in nominee or "street name" (which is the name of a
broker, bank or other record holder) you must either direct the record holder
of your shares on how to vote your shares or obtain a proxy from the record
holder to vote at the meeting.

Revocability of Proxies

   If you complete and mail the enclosed proxy card, it will not preclude you
from voting in person at the special meeting. If you are a record holder of
Galileo common stock, you may revoke a proxy at any time prior to your proxy
being voted at the special meeting by:

  .  delivering, prior to the special meeting, to Corporate Secretary,
     Galileo International, Inc., 9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400,
     Rosemont, Illinois 60018, a written notice of revocation bearing a later
     date or time than your proxy;

  .  submitting a later-dated proxy that is properly executed;

  .  submitting a later-dated proxy using the telephone voting procedures or
     the Internet voting procedures. The deadline for revoking your proxy by
     telephone or over the Internet is 11:59 p.m., Central time, on       ,
     2001 [one day prior to the special meeting]; or

  .  attending the special meeting and voting in person.

   Simply attending the special meeting will not revoke your proxy. If you
instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow your broker's
directions for changing those instructions. If an adjournment occurs and no new
record date is set, it will have no effect on the ability of stockholders of
record as of the record date to exercise their voting rights or to revoke any
previously delivered proxies.

Solicitation of Proxies

   This proxy statement-prospectus is being furnished to you in connection with
the solicitation of proxies by the Galileo board from the holders of Galileo
common stock for use at the Galileo special meeting. Galileo generally will
bear the cost of solicitation of proxies. In addition to solicitation by mail,
certain directors, officers and employees of Galileo and its subsidiaries may
solicit proxies from stockholders in person by telephone, or by other
electronic means. These persons will not be paid for soliciting proxies.
Galileo may also have brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of Galileo
common stock held of record. Galileo will reimburse these persons for their
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with soliciting proxies.

   In addition, Galileo has retained Georgeson Shareholder to assist Galileo in
the solicitation of proxies from stockholders in connection with the special
meeting. Georgeson Shareholder will receive a fee that Galileo expects will be
approximately $10,000 as compensation for its services and reimbursement of its
out-of-pocket expenses. Galileo has agreed to indemnify Georgeson Shareholder
against certain liabilities arising out of or in connection with its
engagement.

    Stockholders Should Not Send Stock Certificates With Their Proxy Cards.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

   The Cendant board has unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement,
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The
Galileo board has approved and adopted the merger agreement, the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. This section of the
proxy statement-prospectus describes material provisions of the merger
agreement. This description is not a complete description of the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached
as Annex A to this proxy statement-prospectus and is incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus. We urge you to read the merger agreement
carefully and in its entirety.

Form of the Merger; Charter Documents of Galileo

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will be
merged with Galileo. Galileo will be the surviving corporation in the merger
and will continue its corporate existence under Delaware law as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cendant. Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will cease to be an entity as a
result of the merger. The certificate of incorporation of Galileo will be
amended and restated by virtue of the merger to read in its entirety as set
forth as Exhibit A to the merger agreement. The bylaws of Galaxy Acquisition
Corp. in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will
become the bylaws of Galileo following the merger. The name of the surviving
corporation will be Galileo International, Inc.

Timing of Closing

   The merger is scheduled to be completed as soon as practicable following the
satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible) of the conditions set forth below in
this summary under the heading entitled "Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger."

Merger Consideration

 Galileo Common Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, holders of Galileo common stock (other
than Galileo which holds shares of Galileo common stock in its treasury,
dissenting stockholders and Cendant or any subsidiary of Cendant) will receive
a combination of CD common stock and cash in exchange for their shares of
Galileo common stock. Each share of Galileo common stock held by those
stockholders will be converted into the right to receive the following:

  .  CD common stock:

    A number of shares of CD common stock (rounded to the nearest
    thousandth of a share) equal to the exchange ratio. The exchange ratio
    is determined by dividing the per share stock amount by the Cendant
    average trading price. In the event that the exchange ratio is less
    than the low-end ratio, then the exchange ratio will be the low-end
    ratio. In the event that the exchange ratio is greater than the high-
    end ratio, then the exchange ratio will be the high-end ratio. Subject
    to adjustment, the low-end ratio will be equal to the number determined
    by dividing the per share stock amount by 20. Subject to adjustment,
    the high-end ratio will be equal to the number determined by dividing
    the per share stock amount by 17.

    .  The per share stock amount will equal the product of $33.00 and the
       control requirement percentage. The control requirement percentage
       is the fraction (expressed as a decimal, without rounding): (1) the
       numerator of which equals the product of 0.8050 and the total number
       of issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock immediately
       prior to the effective time of the merger and (2) the denominator of
       which equals the excess of the total number of issued and

     outstanding shares of Galileo common stock immediately prior to the
     effective time of the merger over the number of shares of Galileo
     common stock, if any, owned by Cendant (or any subsidiary of Cendant)
     at the effective time of the merger.

    .  The average Cendant trading price will equal the average of the per
       share 4:00 p.m. Eastern time closing sales price of CD common stock
       on the New York Stock Exchange during the measurement period. The
       measurement period is the 20 consecutive trading days immediately
       preceding the third consecutive trading day prior to the date of the
       Galileo stockholders meeting. The measurement period will change if,
       primarily as a result of the execution by Cendant or any of its
       subsidiaries of certain restricted acquisition agreements, the
       consents, approvals, permits or authorizations are not obtained by
       the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Galileo special
       meeting occurs. In this situation, the measurement period will be the
       20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the third
       consecutive trading day prior to the date on which the last of the
       approvals described above have been obtained and satisfied.

    If there are Galileo stockholders that have properly exercised their
    dissenters rights, then the consideration to be received by Galileo
    stockholders set forth above will be increased to that number of shares
    of CD common stock (rounded to the nearest thousandth of a share) equal
    to the number determined by dividing the actual aggregate shares of CD
    common stock by the total number of shares of Galileo common stock (less
    the number of dissenting shares of Galileo common stock, shares of
    Galileo common stock owned by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries, and
    shares held in Galileo's treasury). The actual aggregate Cendant shares
    will equal the product of (i) the total outstanding shares of Galileo
    common stock (excluding shares of Galileo common stock owned by Cendant
    or its subsidiaries) and (ii) the stock consideration to be received by
    Galileo stockholders set forth above, determined prior to any increase
    set forth in this paragraph.

  .  Cash:

    The lesser of the per share cash amount and the number determined by
    dividing the actual aggregate cash consideration by the total number of
    issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock immediately prior
    to the effective time (excluding shares owned by Cendant or any of its
    subsidiaries at the effective time).

    .  The per share cash amount will equal the product of $33.00 and the
       cash limitation percentage. The cash limitation percentage is the
       excess (expressed as a decimal, without rounding) of one over the
       control requirement percentage.

    .  Actual aggregate cash consideration will be an amount equal to the
       preliminary aggregate cash consideration, if the preliminary
       aggregate cash consideration is less than or equal to the cash
       limitation amount. Actual aggregate cash consideration will be an
       amount equal to the cash limitation amount, if the preliminary
       aggregate cash consideration exceeds the cash limitation amount. The
       preliminary aggregate cash consideration is the product of the per
       share cash amount and the total number of issued and outstanding
       shares of Galileo common stock immediately prior to the effective
       time (excluding shares owned by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries at
       the effective time). The cash limitation amount is the number
       determined by dividing (1) the product of the cash limitation
       percentage and the total closing date stock consideration value by
       (2) the control requirement percentage. The total closing date stock
       consideration value is the product of (1) the actual aggregate
       Cendant shares and (2) the closing date Cendant stock price (the
       average of the high and low trading prices of CD common stock on the
       NYSE Composite Tape on the effective date of the merger).

    If cash is paid in lieu of fractional shares or there are Galileo
    stockholders who have properly exercised their dissenters rights, or
    both, then, two things will happen. First, the actual aggregate cash
    consideration will be reduced to equal the adjusted actual aggregate
    cash consideration. Second, the cash consideration to be received by
    Galileo stockholders as set forth above will be reduced to equal

    the number determined by dividing the adjusted actual aggregate cash
    consideration by the total number of shares of Galileo common stock
    (less the number of dissenting shares of Galileo common stock, shares
    of Galileo common stock owned by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries,
    and shares held in Galileo's treasury). The adjusted actual aggregate
    cash consideration equals the excess of the actual aggregate cash
    consideration over the sum of the total cash in lieu and the total
    dissenting cash. Total cash in lieu is the product of the total number
    of registered holders of Galileo common stock immediately prior to the
    effective time of the merger and the closing date Cendant stock price.
    Total dissenting cash is the product of the number of shares of Galileo
    common stock dissenting from the merger and the greater of (i) $33.00
    and (ii) the sum of (A) the product of the stock consideration to be
    received by Galileo stockholders (before any increase) and the closing
    date Cendant stock price and (B) the cash consideration to be received
    by Galileo stockholders (before any decrease).

  . Additional Stock Consideration, if Any:

    The number of shares of CD common stock (rounded to the nearest
    thousandth of a share) determined by dividing the per share additional
    consideration value by the closing date stock price of CD common stock.
    The per share additional consideration value will be equal to simple
    interest on $33.00 calculated at the 30 day London Interbank Offered
    Rate plus 100 basis points, from the date that is 180 days from the
    date of the merger agreement to the date, if later, on which the
    effective time of the merger occurs. The per share additional
    consideration value amount, if any, will be determined using a year of
    360 days to calculate the interest-equivalent amount. Holders of
    Galileo common stock will receive no additional stock consideration
    unless the consents, approvals, permits or authorizations described in
    certain covenants of the merger agreement cannot be obtained by the
    date that is 180 days from the date of the merger agreement, primarily
    as a result of the execution by Cendant or any of its subsidiaries of
    certain restricted acquisition agreements.

   The exchange ratio and merger consideration to be received by Galileo
stockholders, as set forth above, will be appropriately and equitably adjusted
if, prior to the effective time of the merger, the outstanding shares of
Galileo common stock or CD common stock are changed into a different number of
shares or a different class as a result of a stock split, reverse stock split,
stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange,
recapitalization or other similar transaction.

   In addition, if, prior to the effective time of the merger, there is an
adjustment transaction (i.e., Cendant declares, sets aside or pays any dividend
or makes any other distribution or payment (whether in cash, stock, property or
any combination of the three), with respect to the outstanding shares of CD
common stock, in connection with a spin-off, split off or spit up, the record
date for which is prior to the effective time of the merger), then the
following adjustments will be made to the low-end ratio, the high-end ratio and
the walk-away price:

  . the high-end ratio will equal the number determined by dividing the per
    share stock amount by the adjusted high-end price;

  . the low-end ratio will equal the number determined by dividing the per
    share stock amount by the adjusted low-end price; and

  . the walk-away price will equal $14.00 minus the adjustment factor.

   As used above, the adjusted high-end price means an amount equal to $17.00
minus the adjustment factor. The adjusted low-end price means an amount equal
to $20.00 minus the adjustment factor. The adjustment factor means the number
determined by dividing the distribution value by the aggregate number of shares
of CD common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger. The distribution value means (1) for adjustment transactions not
involving a spin-off, the aggregate fair market value on the distribution date
of the assets, property, cash, securities, rights, warrants or options
distribution in respect of the CD common stock in the adjustment transaction,
as determined in good faith by the Cendant board, or (2) in respect of any
spin-off, the product of the arithmetic average of the per share 4:00 p.m.
Eastern time closing

sales price of such securities for the 10 consecutive trading days commencing
on and including the first day of trading of such securities after the
effectiveness of the spin-off and the aggregate number of such securities
outstanding during such 10-day period.

   In addition, Cendant has agreed not to effect any adjustment transaction or
cause CD common stock to trade ex-dividend with respect to any adjustment
transaction during the pricing period.

   Cendant has also agreed to refrain from effecting or causing CD common stock
to trade ex-dividend with respect to any adjustment transaction, other than a
spin-off of Cendant's individual membership and loyalty business which was
previously announced by Cendant.

   At the effective time of the merger, all shares of Galileo common stock will
no longer be outstanding and will be cancelled and retired and will cease to
exist. Following the effective time of the merger, each holder of Galileo
common stock (other than Galileo, Cendant or any subsidiary of Cendant and any
dissenting stockholder exercising appraisal rights under Delaware law) will
cease to have any rights with respect to their shares of Galileo common stock,
except the right to receive, without interest, the merger consideration.

   Each share of Galileo common stock owned by Cendant or any subsidiary of
Cendant at the effective time of the merger or held in Galileo's treasury at
the effective time of the merger, by virtue of the merger and without any
action on the part of the holder of the shares, will cease to be outstanding
and will be cancelled and retired without payment of any consideration for
those shares.

 Galileo Special Voting Preferred Stock

   Holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock will receive cash in
exchange for their shares. At the effective time of the merger, any and all
shares of special voting preferred stock will be redeemed by Galileo for an
amount in cash equal to $100.00 per share. All funds necessary to pay the
preferred redemption price and any expenses relating to the redemption of the
special voting preferred stock will come solely from Galileo.

   At the effective time of the merger, each share of Galileo special voting
preferred stock will no longer be outstanding and will cease to exist.
Following the merger, each holder of shares of Galileo special voting preferred
stock will cease to have any rights with respect to the shares, except the
right to receive from Galileo $100.00 per share. All shares of Galileo special
voting preferred stock that have been redeemed will be retired and will not be
reissued as part of any series of preferred stock of Galileo.

   In addition, each share of Galileo special voting preferred stock issued and
held in Galileo's treasury at the effective time will, by virtue of the merger,
cease to be outstanding and will be cancelled and retired without payment of
any consideration for those shares.

Conversion of Shares; Exchange Agent; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates;
Fractional Shares

 Galileo Common Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, Galileo common stock will automatically
convert into the right to receive the merger consideration. At that time,
Cendant will deposit with the exchange agent all of the merger consideration.

   Cendant has appointed [        ] to act as exchange agent for the merger.
The exchange agent will receive the merger consideration from Cendant and
distribute it to Galileo stockholders. Galileo stockholders should NOT return
stock certificates with the enclosed proxy card. A transmittal letter with
instructions for the surrender of stock certificates will be mailed to you as
soon as practicable after completion of the merger.

   After the effective time of the merger, each certificate that previously
represented shares of Galileo common stock will represent only the right to
receive the merger consideration. The merger consideration will also include
cash payable in lieu of fractional shares of CD common stock and dividends or
other distributions on CD common stock with record dates after the effective
time of the merger.

   Your certificates previously representing Galileo common stock may only be
paid whole shares of CD common stock, dividends or other distributions payable
on CD common stock and the cash consideration to be received in the merger
(including any cash in lieu of any fractional shares) after you surrender your
certificates to the exchange agent. No interest will be paid or will accrue on
the cash payable upon surrender of your certificate(s).

   If there is a transfer of ownership of Galileo common stock that is not
registered in the transfer records of Galileo, exchange and payment may be made
to the transferee if the certificate representing those shares of Galileo
common stock is presented to the exchange agent, accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect the transfer and to evidence that any
applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

   Cendant will not issue any fractional shares of CD common stock to any
Galileo stockholder upon surrender of their certificates. In addition, no
dividend or distribution of Cendant will relate to fractional share interests
and the fractional share interest will not entitle the owner to vote or to any
rights of a stockholder of Cendant. In lieu of the issuance of fractional
shares, Cendant will deliver to the exchange agent shares of CD common stock
and, the exchange agent will sell a number of whole shares of CD common stock
in the open market in order to pay each former holder of Galileo common stock
an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying the fractional
share interest to which the former holder (after taking into account all shares
of Galileo common stock held at the effective time of the merger by the holder)
would otherwise be entitled by the average Cendant trading price.

 Galileo Special Voting Preferred Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, Galileo will cause to be mailed to each
holder of special voting preferred stock a notice of redemption instructing
that holder to surrender its certificates(s) representing special voting
preferred stock in exchange for the preferred redemption price of $100 per
share. Upon surrender of the certificate(s), Galileo will deliver to the
holders of Galileo special voting preferred stock the preferred redemption
price and the certificate(s) representing those shares will be cancelled. All
funds necessary to pay the preferred redemption price for shares of Galileo
special voting preferred stock and the expenses relating to the redemption of
those shares will come solely from Galileo.

Effect on Stock Based Awards; Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, all options to
acquire Galileo common stock under any Galileo stock option plan or other
equity incentive plan will be assumed by Cendant and will be converted into
options to purchase shares of CD common stock. All unvested options that have
an exercise price that is less than the average Galileo trading price (the
arithmetic average of the per share 4:00 p.m. Eastern time closing sales price
of Galileo common stock on the NYSE for the 20 consecutive trading days
immediately preceding the third trading day prior to the special meeting) will
become fully vested and exercisable.

   The terms of each converted option will remain subject to the terms of the
applicable option plans and agreements in effect immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger. Cendant has agreed to assume Galileo's option
plans upon completion of the merger.

   The number of shares of CD common stock to be subject to each converted
option will be equal to the product of the number of shares of Galileo common
stock subject to the original option and the option exchange ratio. The option
exchange ratio is the quotient derived by dividing $33.00 by the average
Cendant trading price per share of CD common stock. However, if the foregoing
would result in an option exchange

ratio less than 1.65000, the option exchange ratio will be deemed to be
1.65000, and if the foregoing would result in an option exchange ratio greater
than 1.94118, the option exchange ratio will be deemed to be 1.94118. The
option exchange ratio will be increased if Galileo stockholders are entitled to
additional stock consideration as described above under the heading entitled
"Merger Consideration--CD common stock--Additional stock consideration" to take
into account the amount of the additional stock consideration.

   The exercise price per share of CD common stock under each converted option
will be equal to the exercise price per share of Galileo common stock under the
original option divided by the option exchange ratio, but that exercise price
will be rounded to the nearest whole cent.

   Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, Galileo will use its
reasonable best efforts to cause all stock appreciation rights related to
Galileo common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger under any equity incentive plan of Galileo, whether or not then
exercisable, to be cancelled (subject to any required consent by the holder of
the stock appreciation right) and each holder of a stock appreciation right
will promptly after the effective time of the merger receive from the surviving
corporation, for each stock appreciation right that is cancelable (1) an amount
in cash equal to the difference of the merger consideration minus the per share
exercise price of that stock appreciation right, without interest, to the
extent the difference is a positive number or (2) to the extent the difference
is a negative number, such other consideration as described in the second
bullet below. All such stock appreciation rights will be terminated and will
thereafter represent only the right to receive the consideration set forth in
this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any person
subject to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, any amount to be paid to that
individual will be paid as soon as practicable after the first date payment can
be made without liability to that person under Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act.

  . Notwithstanding anything stated immediately above, no consideration for
    stock appreciation rights will be paid with respect to any stock
    appreciation right unless, at or prior to the time of that payment the
    stock appreciation right is cancelled and, to the extent necessary under
    the terms of the stock appreciation right, the holder of the right has
    executed and delivered a release of any and all rights the holder had or
    may have had with respect to the right.

  . Prior to the effective time of the merger, Galileo will use reasonable
    best efforts to obtain all necessary consents or releases, if any, from
    holders of stock appreciation rights under any Galileo equity incentive
    plan and take all other lawful action as may be necessary to give effect
    to the transactions contemplated by this section. In the event that any
    stock appreciation right is not cancelled in accordance with the
    foregoing, that right will be converted to a stock appreciation right
    related to the price of CD common stock in accordance with the first
    through fourth paragraphs under the heading entitled "Effect on Stock
    Based Awards; Employee Stock Purchase Plan" in this summary. Galileo or
    its subsidiaries may, but will not be required to, offer additional
    consideration for the purpose of obtaining the consents or releases
    referred to above. The additional consideration will be subject to the
    advance approval of Cendant, which approval will not be unreasonably
    withheld.

   After the effective time of the merger, all options to acquire shares of
common stock of Quantitude and Trip.com, outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger under the Quantitude, Inc. 2001 Equity Incentive
Plan and the Trip.com, Inc. 2001 Equity Incentive Plan, whether or not
exercisable, will remain outstanding following the effective time and subject
to the terms of the applicable plans and the applicable option agreements
representing grants under those plans.

   In addition, Galileo will take all actions necessary to cause the
termination of the Galileo International, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan and
will take all necessary steps to refund, without interest, to each participant,
any amounts withheld from that participant's compensation pursuant to a
subscription agreement under the plan, to the extent that the amount has not
been used to purchase Galileo common stock on a purchase date (as defined in
the plan) occurring prior to the effective date of termination of the plan.

Board of Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation

   After the merger, the directors of Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will be the
directors of Galileo.

   Any directors elected to Galileo's board by holders of Galileo special
voting preferred stock will, at the effective time of the merger, automatically
and without any further action by those directors or the holders of Galileo
special voting preferred stock be deemed to have resigned from the Galileo
board.

   After the merger, the officers of Galileo will continue to serve in their
respective offices until their successors are elected or appointed or until
their resignation or removal. Upon the effective date of the merger, Mr.
Barlett's employment will terminate and he will resign as Chairman of the
Galileo board .

Board of Directors of Cendant

   At the effective time of the merger, Cendant will take all actions
necessary, including, amending its bylaws, to cause its board to be expanded by
one seat so that a designee of the Galileo board who is reasonably satisfactory
to Cendant and who is an independent director is nominated and appointed to the
class of directors whose term will expire in 2004. A director is considered an
independent director if he or she has no relationship to Cendant that may
interfere with the exercise of his or her independence from Cendant and its
management. The Galileo board has not yet designated such director.

Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains certain customary mutual representations and
warranties by each of Galileo and Cendant. Some of the most significant of
these include:

  . the existence and good standing of Galileo and Cendant under their
    respective jurisdictions of incorporation and the corporate power and
    authority to operate their respective businesses;

  . the power and authority of Galileo and Cendant to execute and deliver and
    to perform their obligations under the merger agreement and the other
    agreements and documents contemplated by the merger agreement and their
    compliance with laws and their respective organizational documents;

  . the capital structure of each company;

  . the absence of violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, creation of
    liens or consents of, or on, organizational documents, properties, loans,
    leases, contracts or other agreements of Galileo and Cendant;

  . the compliance of documents filed with the SEC by each of Galileo and
    Cendant since December 31, 1998 and the accuracy of financial statements
    included in those documents;

  . the absence of litigation, undisclosed liabilities and changes in the
    respective businesses of Galileo and Cendant since March 31, 2001;

  . the absence of action taken, or failed to be taken, and the absence of
    knowledge of any fact, agreement, plan or other circumstance that is
    reasonably likely to prevent the merger from qualifying as a
    reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
    Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

  . the accuracy of information supplied by each party for inclusion in this
    proxy statement-prospectus and the registration statement.

   In addition, Galileo made additional representations to Cendant. The most
significant of these additional representations include:

  . that the Galileo board:

    . declared the merger advisable and in the best interest of Galileo and
      its stockholders and approved the merger agreement,

    . resolved to recommend the adoption of the merger agreement by Galileo
      stockholders at the special meeting, and

    . directed that the merger agreement be submitted to Galileo's
      stockholders for approval; and

  . the organization, standing and existence of Galileo's subsidiaries and
    Galileo's ownership interest in those subsidiaries;

  . Galileo's compliance with or its absence of liability under certain tax,
    labor and employee benefit matters;

  . Galileo's disclosure of its ownership of and the absence of claims
    related to intellectual property;

  . the absence of environmental liabilities and Galileo's compliance with
    environmental laws and regulations;

  . the disclosure, full force and effect, and the legal, valid and binding
    obligations and enforceability of Galileo's material contracts;

  . Galileo's and its subsidiaries' title to property;

  . the absence of any brokerage, finder's or other fees or commissions to be
    paid in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement other than fees paid or payable to JPMorgan;

  . the receipt by Galileo of the written opinion of its financial advisor to
    the effect that, as of the date of the merger agreement, the merger
    consideration is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
    stockholders of Galileo;

  . the amendment of Galileo's rights agreement to render the agreement
    inapplicable to the approval, execution and delivery of the merger
    agreement and the agreements and transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement;

  . the inapplicability of Section 203 of Delaware General Corporation Law to
    the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and

  . the vote of the holders of Galileo common stock being the only vote of
    holders of any class or series of Galileo capital stock required to
    approve the merger and adopt the merger agreement and the other
    agreements contemplated by the merger agreement.

   In addition, Cendant made additional representations to Galileo. The most
significant of these additional representations include:

  . that the Cendant board approved the merger, the merger agreement and the
    other agreements and transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

  . the absence of state takeover statutes or similar statutes or regulations
    applicable to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

  . the absence of restrictions or impairments under those statutes,
    regulations or Cendant's organizational documents on the ability of
    Cendant to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement; and

  . the absence of any required approval of the merger agreement and the
    transactions contemplated by the merger agreement by Cendant's
    stockholders.

Covenants of Galileo

 Conduct of Business

   Subject to certain exceptions, including the written consent of Cendant,
until the closing, Galileo has agreed to, and to cause its subsidiaries to, do
the following:

  . conduct its operations only in, and not take any actions except in, the
    ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice;

  . use its reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its business
    organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its officers
    and employees, and maintain satisfactory relationships with those persons
    having business relationships with them; and

  . upon discovery, promptly notify Cendant of the existence of certain
    breaches of representations or warranties contained in the merger
    agreement or, subject to certain qualifications, the occurrence of any
    event that would cause any representation or warranty contained in the
    merger agreement no longer to be true and correct.

   In addition, subject to certain exceptions, including the written consent of
Cendant or as expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, Galileo has
agreed to, and to cause its subsidiaries to, refrain from doing the following:

  . amend their respective organizational documents;

  . issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize the issuance,
    sale, pledge, disposition or encumbrance of, any shares of its capital
    stock or other ownership interest in Galileo or any of its subsidiaries
    or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or
    ownership interest, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire or with
    respect to any such shares of capital stock, ownership interest, or
    convertible or exchangeable securities;

  . split, combine or reclassify its capital stock, or otherwise change its
    capitalization as it exists on the date of the merger agreement, or
    propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
    in substitution for, shares of its capital stock or any other equity
    interest;

  . grant, confer or award any option, warrant, convertible security or other
    right to acquire any shares of its capital stock or take any action to
    cause to be exercisable any otherwise unexercisable option under any
    existing stock option plan;

  . declare, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution or
    payment (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination of the
    three) with respect to any shares of its capital stock or other ownership
    interests, including any constructive or deemed distributions, or make
    any other payments to stockholders in their capacity as such (other than
    any such payments by any of Galileo's subsidiaries to Galileo);

  . directly or indirectly redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares
    of its capital stock or capital stock of Galileo's subsidiaries
    (including repurchases of Galileo common stock pursuant to its stock
    repurchase program);

  . transfer, license, mortgage, encumber, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
    of any of its material assets (including capital stock of Galileo's
    subsidiaries);

  . acquire by merger, purchase or any other manner, any business entity or
    division, or make any capital expenditures or otherwise acquire any
    material property or assets, except for purchases of supplies or capital
    equipment in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
    practice, or capital expenditures or purchases of property and assets in
    accordance with Galileo's capital plan disclosed to Cendant in connection
    with the merger agreement, other than capital expenditures with third
    parties that are primarily for the purpose of supporting Quantitude's
    third party telecommunications business or Galileo's web-hosting
    business;

  . incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for any indebtedness
    for borrowed money except in the ordinary course of business, consistent
    with past practices under Galileo's existing credit agreements or to
    trade creditors of Galileo or its subsidiaries;

  . make or forgive any loans, advances or capital contributions (which do
    not include marketing incentive payments or up-front financial assistance
    payments) to, or investments in, any other person in an amount in excess
    of $3,000,000 individually, or $10,000,000 in the aggregate (other than
    advances for

   business expenses and loans and advances for relocation arrangements, made
   to officers or employees in the ordinary course of business, consistent
   with past practice);

  . subject to some exceptions, grant any stock-related or stock-based
    awards;

  . modify, amend, terminate or waive any rights under any confidentiality
    agreement entered into in connection with any third party acquisition
    proposal;

  . enter into any material contract, other than in accordance with Galileo's
    capital plan or material contracts not involving costs, individually or
    in the aggregate, in excess of $3,000,000;

  . modify, amend, terminate or waive any rights under any material contract
    in any manner that would reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect or result in costs in excess of $3,000,000;

  . subject to some exceptions, increase the compensation, severance or other
    benefits payable or to become payable to its directors, officers or
    employees, grant any severance or termination pay, to, or enter into any
    employment, consulting, salary continuation or severance agreement with,
    any officer or director of Galileo or any of its subsidiaries, or
    establish, adopt, enter into, amend or modify in any material respect or
    in any manner that would result in costs in excess of $3,000,000 any
    collective bargaining agreement, employee benefit plan, trust, fund,
    policy or arrangement for the benefit of any current or former directors,
    officers or employees of any of their beneficiaries;

  . take any action to change accounting policies, procedures or practices of
    Galileo, except as required by a change in GAAP, SEC position or
    applicable law;

  . approve or authorize any action to be submitted to Galileo stockholders
    for approval other than pursuant to the merger agreement, other than, if
    the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement have not been
    consummated by January 1, 2002, the election of directors and
    ratification of auditors at an annual meeting of stockholders to be held
    after June 1, 2002:

  . materially change any method of reporting income, deductions or other
    material items for income tax purposes, make or change any material
    election with respect to taxes, agree to or settle any material claim or
    assessment in respect of taxes, or agree to an extension or waiver of the
    limitation period to any material claim or assessment in respect of
    taxes, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
    practice or as required by GAAP, SEC position or applicable law;

  . settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim not
    covered by insurance in an aggregate amount in excess of $3,000,000;

  . amend in any material respect any of material contract so as to include
    any "change of control" provision which would be triggered upon the
    merger or any sale of Galileo or any of its subsidiaries;

  . enter into, amend in any material respect or renew certain contracts with
    specified customers or suppliers;

  . enter into, amend or renew other specified contracts;

  . amend, extend, renew or otherwise modify any material lease in any manner
    that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on
    Galileo or result in costs in excess of $3,000,000;

  . enter into any contract to provide web-hosing services or third party
    telecommunications services; or

  . agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

   As used in this proxy statement-prospectus, a material adverse effect on
Galileo means, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the assets, liabilities, business, results of operations, or financial
condition of Galileo and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except any such
effect resulting primarily from:

  . the merger agreement, the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement or the announcement of the merger agreement;

  . Cendant's announcement or other communication of its plans or intentions
    with respect to the conduct of the business of Galileo or any of its
    subsidiaries;

  . changes or conditions (including changes in economic, financial market,
    regulatory or political conditions) affecting generally the air travel
    industry, the computer reservation system industry or the information
    services industry in which Galileo or its subsidiaries participates; or

  . Galileo's or its subsidiaries' failure to engage in actions and
    activities in furtherance of Galileo's web-hosting business or
    Quantitude's third party telecommunications business.

   As used in this proxy statement-prospectus, a material adverse effect on
Cendant means, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the assets, liabilities, business, results of operations, or financial
condition of Cendant and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except any such
effect resulting primarily from:

  . the merger agreement, the transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement or the announcement of the merger agreement;

  . Cendant's announcement or other communication of its plans or intentions
    with respect to the conduct of the business of Galileo or any of its
    subsidiaries; or

  . changes or conditions (including changes in economic, financial market,
    regulatory or political conditions) affecting generally the industries in
    which Cendant operates its business.

 Amendments to Stockholder Rights Plan

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, Galileo has agreed that it will not
amend, modify or waive any provision of its stockholder rights plan, take any
action to redeem the preferred stock purchase rights issued under the
stockholder rights plan, or render those preferred stock purchase rights
inapplicable to any third-party acquisition proposal.

   In addition, Galileo has agreed that it will not take any action to render
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any other state takeover
statute or similar statute or regulation inapplicable to any person in respect
of any third-party acquisition proposal.

 Affiliates

   Under the merger agreement, Galileo has agreed that, as soon as practicable
after the date of the merger agreement, it will deliver to Cendant a letter
identifying all persons who may be deemed, at the time the merger agreement is
submitted for adoption by the stockholders of Galileo, "affiliates" of Galileo
for purposes of rule 145 under the Securities Act. Galileo has also agreed to
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of those persons to deliver to
Cendant, at least 30 days prior to the closing of the merger, a written
agreement as specified in the merger agreement.

No Solicitation

   The merger agreement provides that, except as set forth below in this
section, from and after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the
effective time of the merger, neither Galileo nor any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, nor any officer, director, employee, investment banker, agent or
other representative of it or its subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly:

  . encourage, invite, initiate or solicit any inquiries relating to or the
    submission or making of a proposal by any person with respect to a third-
    party acquisition; or

  . participate in or encourage, invite, initiate or solicit negotiations or
    discussions with, or furnish or cause to be furnished any information to,
    any person relating to a third-party acquisition.

   The merger agreement also provides that upon the execution of the merger
agreement, Galileo was required to immediately:

  . cease or cause to be ceased any discussions or negotiations in connection
    with any proposed or potential third-party acquisition and request the
    prompt return to Galileo, or destruction of, any confidential information
    provided in connection with any such discussions or negotiations; and

  . terminate, effective as of the business day immediately following the
    date of the merger agreement, Galileo's stock repurchase program
    authorized by the Galileo board on April 21, 2000.

   In addition, the merger agreement provides that, except as otherwise
provided in the merger agreement, the Galileo board will not change its
recommendation that Galileo stockholders adopt the merger agreement or cause
Galileo to enter into a third party acquisition.

   The merger agreement provides that, prior to the special meeting, if
Galileo, without violating its no solicitation obligations, receives an
unsolicited bona fide written proposal from any person or group with respect to
a third-party acquisition which the Galileo board (after consideration of
advice it shall have obtained from its legal and financial advisors) reasonably
expects will result in a superior proposal, then Galileo may furnish
information and access to such person or group pursuant to an appropriate
confidentiality agreement and may participate in discussions and negotiations
with that person or group. The merger agreement provides that the terms of the
confidentiality agreement will not be less restrictive than the terms set forth
in the confidentiality agreement between Galileo and Cendant, dated as of March
9, 2001.

   Galileo also agreed to notify Cendant in writing of the receipt of any
proposal, written or oral, as soon as possible, but, in any event, within 24
hours of the receipt of any proposal relating to a third-party acquisition or
any request for non-public information relating to Galileo or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with any pending, proposed or contemplated third-
party acquisition or for access to the properties, books or records of Galileo
or any of its subsidiaries by any person that, to Galileo's knowledge, is
considering making, or has made, a proposal relating to a third-party
acquisition. The notice will identify the person submitting the proposal,
attach a copy of any written correspondence or other written materials relating
to the proposal, and summarize any significant terms of the proposal not
reflected in any of the attached materials. In addition, the notice will, to
the extent then known by Galileo, state whether Galileo is providing or intends
to provide the person or group making the proposal with access to information
concerning Galileo or any of its subsidiaries, in accordance with the
provisions of this section. The notice will also include any expectation by the
Galileo board, if then known, that the third-party acquisition proposal will
result in a superior proposal. If the foregoing is not then known, then Galileo
will thereafter give prompt notice to Cendant of any subsequent determination
as to the provision to the person or group making the proposal of access to
such information, and any such expectation. Galileo will keep Cendant informed
of the status of any of the negotiations and will further update, to the extent
of any significant developments, the information required to be provided in
each notice upon the request of Cendant.

   Notwithstanding anything in the merger agreement to the contrary:

  . Galileo or the Galileo board will be permitted, to the extent applicable,
    to comply with certain Exchange Act rules or to make any required
    disclosure to Galileo stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of the
    Galileo board (after consideration of advice it will have obtained from
    its outside counsel) failure to so disclose would constitute a violation
    of applicable law; and

  . the Galileo board may change its recommendation that Galileo stockholders
    adopt the merger agreement and disclose to Galileo stockholders the
    position of the Galileo board with respect to the transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement or otherwise make disclosure to
    them, with respect to the matters to be considered at the Galileo
    stockholders meeting, in the event that the Galileo board determines in
    good faith, after consideration of advice it will have obtained from its
    outside counsel, that failure to take that action would create a
    substantial probability of violating the Galileo board's fiduciary duties
    to Galileo stockholders under applicable law.

   The obligation of Galileo to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the
Galileo stockholders meeting will not be affected by the commencement,
proposal, public disclosure or communication to Galileo of a third-party
acquisition or a superior proposal or by the taking of any action by the
Galileo board that does not violate Galileo's no solicitation obligations.

   The term "third-party acquisition" means any of the following events other
than, in each case, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement:

  . the merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business
    combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
    transaction involving Galileo, or any purchase or sale of the
    consolidated assets (including without limitation stock of Galileo's
    subsidiaries) of Galileo and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole having an
    aggregate value of 20% or more of the equity securities of Galileo, or a
    "merger of equals" with, any a third party. A third party includes any
    officer or director of Galileo or any of its affiliates or any affiliate
    of that officer or director other, than a subsidiary of Cendant;

  . the acquisition by a third party of 20% or more of the outstanding shares
    of Galileo common stock;

  . the acquisition by a third party of Quantitude or Trip.com;

  . the adoption by Galileo of a plan of liquidation or the declaration or
    payment of an extraordinary dividend; or

  . the repurchase by Galileo or any of its subsidiaries of more than twenty
    percent (20%) of the outstanding shares of Galileo common stock.

   The term "superior proposal" means any bona fide written proposal to
acquire, directly or indirectly, for consideration consisting of cash and/or
securities, all of the shares of Galileo common stock then outstanding or all
or substantially all of the assets of Galileo that:

  . is not subject to any financing conditions or contingencies;

  . provides holders of Galileo common stock with per share consideration
    that the Galileo board determines in good faith (after consideration of
    advice that it shall have obtained from its financial advisor) to be more
    favorable to the stockholders of Galileo from a financial point of view
    than the merger consideration (taking into account all the terms and
    conditions of the proposal and the merger agreement including any changes
    to the financial or other terms of the merger agreement proposed by
    Cendant in response to that offer or otherwise);

  . is determined by the Galileo board in its good faith judgment (after
    consideration of advice that it will have obtained from its legal or
    financial advisor) to be reasonably capable of being completed (taking
    into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the
    proposal, the person making the proposal and the expected timing to
    complete the proposal); and

  . does not, in the definitive Galileo acquisition agreement, contain any
    "due diligence" conditions. A Galileo acquisition agreement means any
    memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, letter of intent,
    contract or agreement (whether written or oral).

Access to Information

   Cendant and Galileo each agreed to give one another reasonable access at all
reasonable times during normal business hours to contracts, books, records,
analysis, projections, plans, systems, personnel, commitments, offices and
other facilities and properties and their accountants and accountants' work
papers. Cendant and Galileo also each agreed to furnish one another on a timely
basis with such financial and operating data and other information with respect
to their businesses and properties as they may from time to time reasonably
request and use reasonable best efforts to make available at all reasonable
times during normal business hours to their officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financing sources and other representatives.

Indemnification and Insurance

   Under the merger agreement, Cendant has agreed to cause the surviving
corporation to maintain in effect for not less than six years, Galileo's
current directors' and officers' insurance policies, if that insurance is
obtainable (or policies equivalent in all material respects to those maintained
by or on behalf of Galileo and its subsidiaries on the date of the merger
agreement, and having at least the same coverage and containing terms and
conditions no less advantageous to the current and all former directors and
officer of Galileo) with respect to acts or failure to act prior to the
effective time of the merger. Cendant and the surviving corporation will not be
required to maintain or obtain policies providing the coverage except to the
extent the coverage can be provided at or below the insurance cap (an annual
cost of no greater than two times the most recent annual premium paid by
Galileo prior to the date of the merger agreement). If equivalent coverage
cannot be obtained or can be obtained only by paying an annual premium in
excess of the insurance cap, Cendant or the surviving corporation will be
required to only obtain as much coverage as can be obtained by paying an annual
premium equal to the insurance cap.

   The merger agreement also provides that, from and after the effective time
of the merger, Cendant and the surviving corporation will indemnify and hold
harmless to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, each person who
is, or has been at any time prior to the date of the merger agreement or who
becomes prior to the effective time of the merger, an officer or director of
Galileo or any of its subsidiaries against all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, cost and expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or pertaining to act or
omissions, or alleged acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such,
which acts and omissions occurred prior to the effective time of the merger,
whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the effective time of the
merger.

   In addition, Cendant has agreed to cause the surviving corporation to keep
in effect for a period of not less than six years from the effective date of
the merger (or in the case of matters occurring prior to the effective date of
the merger which have not been resolved prior to the sixth anniversary of the
effective date of the merger, until those matters are finally resolved) all
provisions in the surviving corporation's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws that provide for exculpation of director and officer liability and
indemnification (and related advancement of expenses) of the past and present
officers and directors of Galileo to the fullest extent permitted by the
Delaware General Corporation Law, and those provisions will not be amended
except as either required by applicable law or to make changes permitted by law
that would enhance the rights of past or present officers and directors to
indemnification or advancement of expenses.

   The merger agreement also provides for the assumption of the obligations set
forth above by the successors and assigns of Cendant or the surviving
corporation.

Tax Matters

   Under the terms of the merger agreement, from the date of the merger
agreement until the effective time of the merger, Galileo agreed to timely file
all tax returns it is required to file, to pay all taxes related to those
returns, to accrue a reserve in its books and records and financial statements,
in accordance with past practice, for all taxes payable by Galileo for which no
return is due prior to the effective time of the merger, and to promptly notify
Cendant of any federal or state income or franchise, or other material tax,
suit, claim, action, investigation, proceeding or audit pending against or with
respect to Galileo or its subsidiaries relating to any tax matters.

   In addition, each of Galileo and Cendant agreed that they would not, nor
would their respective affiliates, directly or indirectly (without the consent
of the other) take any action or fail to take any action, that would reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the qualification of the merger as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

   The completion of the merger depends upon meeting a number of conditions,
including the following:

  . the adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of the
    holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Galileo's common
    stock;

  . the absence of any restraints (temporary restraining order, preliminary
    or permanent injunction or other judgment or order issued by any court of
    competent jurisdiction or other statute, law, rule, legal restraint or
    prohibition) that prevent the consummation of the merger;

  . the absence of any action, suit or proceeding by a governmental entity
    seeking to restrain in any material respect to prohibit the consummation
    of the merger, seeking to obtain from Galileo, Cendant or Galaxy
    Acquisition Corp. any damages that, individually or in the aggregate,
    would be reasonably likely to result in a material adverse effect on
    Galileo or Cendant, or seeking to impose any of the restraints referred
    to in the immediately preceding bullet;

  . the registration statement having become effective under the Securities
    Act and not being the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a
    stop order;

  . the shares of CD common stock issuable to the holders of Galileo common
    stock and issuable upon the exercise to holders of the Galileo options
    and stock appreciation rights to be assumed by Cendant having been
    approved for listing on the NYSE;

  . any waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
    Act having been terminated or expired, the European Commission having
    issued a decision under Article 6(1)(b) or 8(2) of Council Regulation No.
    4064/89 of the European Community (or will be deemed to have done so
    under Article 10(6) of the Council Regulation) declaring the merger
    compatible with the EC Common Market, the governmental approval and
    consent of the Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Australia under the
    Foreign Acquisition and Takeovers Act 1975(th), and any applicable
    waiting periods under Section 123 of the Canadian Competition Act having
    expired or been earlier terminated or waived; and

  . all consents, approvals and actions of, and filing with and notices to
    any governmental entity required of Galileo, Cendant, Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. or any of their respective subsidiaries under any regulatory law
    (other than the filings set forth in the immediately preceding bullet) to
    consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
    merger agreement, the failure of which to be obtained or made would
    impose a risk of criminal liability, criminal fines, imprisonment or
    confinement, in each case, upon any officer, employee or director of
    Galileo, Cendant or any of their respective subsidiaries, reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on Galileo or Cendant, or
    impose operating or other regulatory restrictions in jurisdictions from
    which more than 10% of the consolidated revenues of Galileo and its
    subsidiaries are generated, will have been obtained.

   In addition, Cendant's obligation to complete the merger is subject to,
among other things:

  . the representations and warranties of Galileo set forth in the merger
    agreement (other than the representations and warranties of Galileo set
    forth in bullets two, three and five (as it relates to Galileo's
    financial statements) following the first full paragraph under the
    heading "Representations and Warranties" in this summary) will be true
    and correct both when made and as of the effective time of the merger
    (except to the extent expressly made as of a specified date, in which
    case as of that date), except where the failure of those representations
    and warranties to be so true and correct (without giving effect to any
    limitation as to "materiality" or a material adverse effect on Galileo
    set forth in those representations and warranties) would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
    material adverse effect on Galileo;

  . the representations and warranties of Galileo set forth in bullets two,
    three and five (as it relates to Galileo's financial statements)
    following the first full paragraph under the heading "Representations and
    Warranties" in this summary, will be true and correct in all material
    respects both when made and as of

   the effective time of the merger (except to the extent expressly made as
   of a specified date, in which case as of that date);

  . Galileo will have performed and complied in all material respects with
    all obligations, agreements and covenants required by the merger
    agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to the effective
    time of the merger;

  . Cendant will have received a certificate signed by the chief financial
    officer of Galileo, to the effect that, to the best of that officer's
    knowledge, the conditions set forth in bullets one and two of this
    section, have been satisfied;

  . there has been no event, change, development or circumstance (regardless
    of whether that event, change, development or circumstance arose before
    or after the date of the merger agreement or was disclosed by Galileo to
    Cendant pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement) that would
    reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Galileo after
    the date of the merger agreement;

  . Cendant will have received the opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
    Flom LLP, in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to Cendant, to
    the effect that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the
    meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

  . a change of the recommendation of the Galileo board has not occurred; and

  . Cendant will have received from each person named in the letter referred
    to in this summary under the heading "Covenants of Galileo--Affiliates"
    an executed copy of the affiliate letter referred to under that heading.

   In addition, Galileo's obligation to complete the merger is subject to,
among other things:

  . the representations and warranties of Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. set forth in the merger agreement (other than the representations
    and warranties set forth in bullets two, three, five (as it relates to
    Cendant's financial statements) and six (as it relates to the absence of
    certain changes in Cendant's business and undisclosed liabilities)
    following the first full paragraph under the heading "Representations and
    Warranties" in this summary and Cendant's representation to Galileo
    concerning Cendant's ownership of Galileo common stock) will be true and
    correct both when made and as of the effective time of the merger (except
    to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of
    that date) except where the failure of that representation and warranties
    to be so true and correct, without giving effect to any limitation as to
    "materiality" or a material adverse effect on Cendant set forth in those
    representations and warranties, would not, individually or in the
    aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on
    Cendant;

  . the representations and warranties of Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. set forth in bullets two, three and five (as it relates to
    Cendant's financial statements) following the first full paragraph under
    the heading "Representations and Warranties" in this summary, will be
    true and correct in all material respects both when made and at and as of
    the effective time of the merger (except to the extent expressly made as
    of an earlier date, in which case as of that date);

  . the representations and warranties of Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition
    Corp. set forth in the merger agreement with respect to Cendant's
    ownership of Galileo common stock, will be true and correct in all
    respects both when made and at and as of the effective time of the merger
    (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case
    as of that date);

  . Cendant and Galaxy Acquisition Corp. will have performed and complied in
    all material respects with all obligations, agreements and covenants
    required by the merger agreement to be performed and complied with by it
    prior to the effective time of the merger;

  . Galileo will have received a certificate signed by the chief financial
    officer of Cendant, to the effect that, to the best of that officer's
    knowledge, the conditions set forth in bullets one through four above
    have been satisfied; and

  . Galileo will have received the opinion of Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue, in
    form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Galileo, to the effect that
    the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
    368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the completion
of the merger:

  . by the mutual consent of Cendant and Galileo;

  . if the effective time of the merger agreement has not occurred on or
    prior to July 1, 2002. The right to terminate the merger agreement
    pursuant to this provision is not available to any party whose failure to
    fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause of,
    or resulted in, the failure of the merger to be consummated on or prior
    to July 1, 2002;

  . if a governmental entity has issued a nonappealable final order, decree
    or ruling or taken any other nonappealable final action having the effect
    of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
    merger; or

  . if the special meeting of the Galileo stockholders has been held and
    Galileo stockholders failed to adopt the merger agreement.

   In addition, Galileo may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to
the completion of the merger:

  . upon a terminating breach (a material breach of any covenant or agreement
    set forth in the merger agreement) on the part of Cendant or Galaxy
    Acquisition Corp. Galileo may not terminate the merger agreement under
    this provision until the earlier of 45 days following notice of the
    terminating breach and July 1, 2002, if the terminating breach is curable
    on or prior to the earlier of 45 days following notice of the terminating
    breach and July 1, 2002 by Cendant or Galaxy Acquisition Corp. through
    the exercise of its reasonable best efforts;

  . if Cendant or Galaxy Acquisition Corp. has breached any representation
    and warranty set forth in the merger agreement in any material respect;
    provided that:

    . Galileo may not terminate the merger agreement under this provision
      until the earlier of 45 days following notice of the breach and July
      1, 2002, if the breach is curable prior to the earlier of 45 days
      following notice of the breach and July 1, 2002, by Cendant or Galaxy
      Acquisition Corp., as the case may be, through the exercise of its
      reasonable best efforts; and

    . the breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
      bullets one through three above under the heading "Conditions to the
      Completion of the Merger" in this summary, relating to Galileo's
      obligation to complete the merger; or

  . if the Cendant average trading price is less than or equal to $14.00.

   In addition, Cendant may terminate the merger agreement at any time prior to
the completion of the merger:

  . upon a terminating breach on the part of Galileo. However, Cendant may
    not terminate the merger agreement under this provision until the earlier
    of 45 days following notice of such terminating breach and July 1, 2002,
    if the terminating breach is curable on or prior to the earlier of 45
    days following notice of the terminating breach and July 1, 2002 by
    Galileo through the exercise of its reasonable best efforts;

  . if a change in the recommendation of the Galileo board has occurred; or

  . if Galileo has breached any representation and warranty set forth in the
    merger agreement in any material respect; provided, that:

    . Cendant may not terminate the merger agreement under this provision
      until the earlier of 45 days following notice of the breach and July
      1, 2002, if the breach is curable on or prior to the earlier of 45
      days following notice of the breach and July 1, 2002 by Galileo
      through the exercise of its reasonable best efforts; and

    . the breach would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in
      bullets one and two above under the heading "Conditions to the
      Completion of the Merger" in this summary, relating to Cendant's
      obligation to complete the merger.

Termination Fee

   Galileo must pay to Cendant a termination fee of $100 million and up to $10
million of Cendant's expenses actually incurred upon the first to occur of any
of the following events:

  . the termination of the merger agreement by Cendant or Galileo pursuant to
    the second bullet under the first full paragraph under the heading
    "Termination of the Merger Agreement" in this summary, or the termination
    of the merger agreement by Cendant pursuant to the first and third
    bullets under the third full paragraph (relating to Cendant's ability to
    terminate the merger agreement) under the heading "Termination of the
    Merger Agreement" in this summary; provided, that, prior to the
    termination, Galileo becomes aware that any person has made or intends to
    make a proposal relating to a third-party acquisition and, within 12
    months following the date of the termination, a third-party acquisition
    is consummated or a definitive agreement with respect to a third-party
    acquisition is executed by Galileo;

  . the termination of the merger agreement by Cendant pursuant to the second
    bullet under the third full paragraph (relating to Cendant's ability to
    terminate the merger agreement) under the heading "Termination of the
    Merger Agreement" in this summary; or

  . the termination of the merger agreement by Cendant or Galileo pursuant to
    the fourth bullet under the first full paragraph under the heading
    "Termination of the Merger Agreement" in this summary; provided, that
    Cendant had the right to terminate under the second bullet under the
    third full paragraph (relating to Cendant's ability to terminate the
    merger agreement) under the heading "Termination of the Merger Agreement"
    in this summary, or a third-party acquisition is publicly announced or
    otherwise made known to the public at or prior to the Galileo
    stockholders meeting and, within 12 months following the date of the
    termination, a third-party acquisition is consummated or a definitive
    agreement with respect to a third-party acquisition is executed by
    Galileo.

   In the event of a termination of the merger agreement pursuant to the fourth
bullet under the first full paragraph under the heading "Termination of the
Merger Agreement" in this summary in circumstances where the third bullet under
the first full paragraph under the heading "Termination Fees" is not
applicable, Galileo will pay, or cause to be paid, to Cendant, Cendant's
expenses actually incurred up to $10 million.

   Notwithstanding anything under the first full paragraph under the heading
entitled "Termination Fees" in this summary or the stock option agreement, in
no event will the sum of the termination fee to be paid to Cendant under the
merger agreement and the aggregate amounts actually paid to or realized by
Cendant pursuant to the stock option agreement, exceed $100 million.

                              THE VOTING AGREEMENT

   The following is a summary of the material terms of the transaction support
agreement, known as the voting agreement, and is qualified by reference to the
complete text of the agreement, which is incorporated by reference and attached
to this proxy statement-prospectus as Annex B. You should read the voting
agreement carefully and in its entirety.

Agreement to Vote and Proxy

   In connection with the merger agreement, United and Covia entered into a
voting agreement with Cendant. At June 15, 2001, Covia beneficially owned
15,940,000 outstanding shares of Galileo common stock. These shares represented
18.2% of the total issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common stock at
June 30, 2001.

   Under the terms of the voting agreement, Covia agreed that, until the voting
agreement is terminated, it would vote, or cause to be voted, and grant Cendant
a proxy to vote, all of its shares:

  . in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement;

  . against any third-party acquisition; and

  . against any proposed action by Galileo, Galileo's stockholders or any
    other person, the result of which action could prevent or materially
    delay completion of the merger.

   In addition, Covia granted to and appointed Cendant, and any designee of
Cendant, Covia's proxy and attorney-in-fact to vote Covia's shares in the
manner set forth above.

   Each of United and Covia agreed not to enter into any agreement or
commitment with any person, the effect of which would be inconsistent with or
violative of the provisions and agreements set forth above.

Restrictions on Transfer

   Each of United and Covia agreed with Cendant that, during the period
commencing on the date of the voting agreement and ending on the date that the
voting agreement is terminated, Covia will not transfer to any person its
shares. A transfer is deemed to include the sale, transfer, pledge,
hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or disposition of such securities or the
beneficial ownership of such securities, the offer to make such a sale,
transfer or other disposition, and each option, agreement, arrangement or
understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.

Standstill

   Each of United and Covia agreed with Cendant that, during the period
commencing on the date of the voting agreement and ending on the date the
voting agreement is terminated:

  . United and Covia will not solicit or participate in any solicitation of
    proxies with respect to any shares of Galileo common stock, nor will they
    seek to advise or influence any person with respect to the voting of any
    shares of Galileo common stock, other than to recommend that Galileo
    stockholders vote in favor of the merger and the merger agreement and
    otherwise as expressly provided for under the heading "Agreement to Vote
    and Proxy" in this summary;

  . United and Covia will not deposit any shares of Galileo common stock or
    Galileo special voting preferred stock in a voting trust or subject any
    shares of Galileo common stock or Galileo special voting preferred stock
    to any arrangement or agreement with any person with respect to the
    voting of those shares of Galileo common stock or Galileo special voting
    preferred stock, except as provided for above under the heading
    "Agreement to Vote and Proxy" in this summary;

  . United and Covia will not seek control of the management, board of
    directors or policies of Galileo, encourage, invite, initiate or solicit
    any inquiries relating to or the submission or making of a proposal

   by any person with respect to a third-party acquisition, participate in or
   encourage, invite, initiate or solicit negotiations or discussions with,
   or furnish or cause to be furnished any information to, any person
   relating to a third-party acquisition. However, if, prior to the special
   meeting, United or Covia, without being in violation of the terms of the
   provisions in this section under the heading entitled "Standstill" in this
   summary, or Galileo, without being in violation of the no solicitation
   obligations set forth in the merger agreement, receives an unsolicited
   bona fide written proposal from any person or group with respect to a
   third-party acquisition which United determines in good faith could
   reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal or there is a
   superior proposal which has been made by any person, then United or Covia,
   and their affiliates and representatives may, directly or indirectly,
   furnish information and access to such person or group pursuant to an
   appropriate confidentiality agreement and may participate in discussions
   and negotiations with such person or group;

  . United and Covia will not request a waiver of any of the terms or
    provisions of the voting agreement in any manner that would require
    public disclosure by Cendant, Galileo or United; and

  . Cendant acknowledges that United's two designees on the Galileo board may
    act in their capacities as directors of Galileo in accordance with their
    fiduciary duties to Galileo and its stockholders.

Termination

   The voting agreement will terminate upon the earlier of:

  . the effective time of the merger;

  . the termination of the merger agreement;

  .  a change in the Galileo board recommendation that Galileo stockholders
     adopt the merger agreement, as a result of a superior proposal; or

  .  an amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the merger
     agreement that United reasonably determines in good faith is adverse in
     a material respect to United.

                           THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

   The following is a summary of the material terms of the stock option
agreement and is qualified by reference to the complete text of the agreement
which is attached as Annex C and incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement-prospectus. You should read the stock option agreement in its
entirety.

   In connection with the merger agreement, Galileo entered into a stock option
agreement with Cendant. Under the stock option agreement, Galileo granted to
Cendant an irrevocable option to purchase up to 17,041,071 shares of Galileo
common stock, at an exercise price of $33.00 per share (subject to adjustment).
In no event will the number of Galileo shares for which the option is
exercisable exceed 19.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Galileo common
stock.

Exercise of the Option

   The option may be exercised by Cendant, in whole or in part, at any time or
from time to time after:

  .  the merger agreement becomes terminable by Cendant under circumstances
     which could entitle Cendant to the termination fee under the terms of
     the merger agreement (regardless of whether the merger agreement is
     actually terminated); and

  .  the voting agreement has been terminated.

   If Cendant proposes to exercise the option following the record date of the
Galileo special meeting, Galileo, at Cendant's request given no later than five
days prior to the Galileo special meeting, will take all actions necessary to
fix a new record date and to hold the Galileo special meeting at such time that
provides Cendant the opportunity to vote its Galileo common stock at the
Galileo special meeting. The Galileo board will not be required to take that
action in the event that the Galileo board determines, in good faith (with due
regard for the intention of the parties to the option agreement that, upon
exercise of the option, Cendant be able to vote its shares of Galileo common
stock at the Galileo stockholders meeting) and after consideration of advice it
shall have obtained from outside counsel, that taking such action would create
a substantial probability of violating the Galileo board's fiduciary duties to
the Galileo stockholders under applicable law.

Conditions

   Galileo's obligation to issue Galileo common stock to Cendant under the
option agreement is subject to the conditions that:

  .  all waiting periods, if any, under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act applicable
     to the issuance of Galileo common stock under the stock option agreement
     will have expired or will have been terminated and all required filings
     will have been made and all required approvals will have been obtained
     under foreign competition laws; and

  .  no statute, rule or regulation will be in effect, and no order, decree
     or injunction entered by any court of competent jurisdiction or
     governmental entity in the United States will be in effect, that
     prohibits or restrains the exercise of the option pursuant to the terms
     of the stock option agreement.

Put Right

   At any time during which the option is exercisable, Cendant will have the
right to sell to Galileo (or any successor entity of Galileo):

  .  all or any portion of the option, at a price equal to the product
     obtained by multiplying:

    .  the difference between the market offer price for shares of Galileo
       common stock as of the notice date (the date of the notice of
       exercise) is given to Galileo, and $33.00; by

    .  the number of shares of Galileo common stock purchasable pursuant to
       the option; or

  .  all or any portion of the Galileo common stock purchased by Cendant upon
     exercise of the option, at a price equal to the product obtained by
     multiplying:

    .  the higher of $33.00 and the market offer price; by

    .  the number of shares of Galileo common stock with respect to which
       Cendant is exercising its rights.

   As used in this summary "market offer price" will mean the higher of:

  .  the highest price per share offered as of the notice date in any tender
     or exchange offer or any other third-party acquisition proposal; and

  .  the average of the closing sales prices of Galileo common stock reported
     on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on (and
     including) the trading day immediately preceding the notice date.

Registration Rights

   At any time and from time to time within two years of the exercise of the
option, Cendant will have certain registration rights under the Securities Act
with respect to the shares of Galileo common stock issued pursuant to the
option. However, any demand registration request made by Cendant must equal at
least 20% of the total number of shares of Galileo common stock issuable under
the option. These registration rights terminate at the time Cendant is able to
sell its shares of Galileo common stock under rule 144(k) under the Securities
Act. In addition, Galileo has rights to purchase from Cendant all or any part
of the shares of Galileo common stock proposed to be sold for cash in a
registered offering.

   In connection with its registration rights obligations, Galileo has agreed:

  .  to prepare and file registration statements under the Securities Act to
     cover the registrable securities; and

  .  to use reasonable efforts to cause each registration statement to become
     effective, to obtain all consents or waivers of other parties which are
     required, and to keep each registration statement or prospectus
     effective for a period not in excess of 120 calendar days.

   The obligations of Galileo to file a registration statement or prospectus
and to maintain its effectiveness may be suspended for up to 90 calendar days
in the aggregate during any 12-month period if Galileo determines, in its
reasonable judgment and upon the advice of outside counsel, that the filing of
the registration statement or prospectus or the maintenance of its
effectiveness would require premature disclosure of nonpublic information that
would materially and adversely affect Galileo or otherwise interfere with or
adversely affect any pending or proposed offering of securities of Galileo or
any other material transaction involving Galileo, or Galileo would be required
under the Securities Act to include audited financial statements for any period
in the registration statement or prospectus and such financial statements were
not yet available for inclusion in the registration statement or prospectus.

   Galileo also granted Cendant "piggyback rights" for the same period of time
as the above demand registration rights. These allow Cendant to participate in
offerings on terms reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriters of such
offerings.

Limitation on Profit

   In no event will the total payments received by Cendant and its affiliates
exceed $100 million and, if it otherwise would exceed that amount, Cendant, at
its sole election, will either:

  .  reduce the number of shares of Galileo common stock subject to the
     option;

  .  deliver to Galileo for cancellation Galileo common stock previously
     purchased by Cendant;

  .  pay cash to Galileo; or

  .  any combination of the above.

   The "total payments" is the sum (before taxes) of the following:

  .  any amount received by Cendant pursuant to Cendant's put right (as
     described above);

  .  the net (1) cash amounts received or (2) the fair market value of
     securities received by Cendant pursuant to the sale of Galileo common
     stock to any unaffiliated party (including any conversion of such
     Galileo common stock in connection with a third party acquisition)
     within 12 months following exercise of the option, less the aggregate
     exercise price for those shares;

  .  any amounts received by Cendant upon transfer of the option (or any
     portion of the option) to an unaffiliated party; and

  .  the amount, if any, of the termination fee actually received by Cendant
     pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement.

Termination of the Option

   The option will terminate upon the earliest of:

  .  the effective time of the merger;

  .  the termination of the merger agreement pursuant to its terms (other
     than a termination following the occurrence of the event described in
     the first bullet under the heading "Exercise of the Option" in this
     summary); and

  .  5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date that is the one-year
     anniversary of the termination of the merger agreement following the
     occurrence of the event described in the first bullet under the heading
     "Exercise of the Option" in this summary, or if, at the expiration of
     that one-year period, the option cannot be exercised by reason of any
     applicable judgment, decree, order, law or regulation, ten business days
     after such impediment to exercise has been removed or has become final
     and not subject to appeal.

Effect of the Stock Option Agreement and the Voting Agreement

   The stock option agreement and the voting agreement are intended to make it
more likely that the merger will be completed on the agreed terms and, in the
case of the option, to compensate Cendant for its efforts and costs if the
merger is not completed. These agreements may have the effect of making an
acquisition or other business combination involving Galileo by or with a third
party more costly because of the need, in any transaction, to acquire the
shares of Galileo common stock and voting rights held pursuant to these
agreements.

                SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
                     AND MANAGEMENT OF GALILEO COMMON STOCK

Certain Beneficial Owners

   The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 30, 2001,
with respect to any person known by Galileo to be the beneficial owner of more
than five percent of the shares of Galileo voting stock:

                                                                  Special Voting
                                                                    Preferred
                                                 Common Shares        Stock
                                               ------------------ --------------
Beneficial Owner(1)                              Number   Percent Number Percent
- -------------------                            ---------- ------- ------ -------

United Air Lines, Inc.(2)..................... 15,940,000  18.2%     2    66.7%
SAirGroup(3)..................................  7,000,400   8.0%     1    33.3%
Leon G. Cooperman(4)..........................  6,043,394   6.9%   --      --
Barclays Global Investors, N.A.(5)............  5,232,894   6.0%   --      --
David J. Greene and Company, LLC(6)...........  4,782,420   5.5%   --      --

- --------
(1) As used in this table, the term "beneficial owner" has the meaning given
    such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Except as noted, each
    person has sole voting and investment power over the shares reported.

(2) Shares are owned directly by Covia. The business address of Covia is 1200
    East Algonquin Road, Elk Grove Township, Illinois 60007. Cendant has voting
    power of 15,940,000 shares of Galileo common stock beneficially owned by
    United pursuant to a proxy granted to Cendant under the voting agreement.
    United may terminate the voting agreement and revoke its proxy upon the
    occurrence of certain events specified in the voting agreement. See "The
    Voting Agreement." Cendant is not entitled to any rights as a stockholder
    of Galileo, holds no right to dispose of the Galileo common stock owned by
    United, and expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares.

(3) Shares are owned directly by Roscor, A.G., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
    SAirGroup. The business address of Roscor, A.G. is CH-8058, Zurich Airport,
    Switzerland.

(4) Consists of Galileo common stock owned by Omega Capital Partners, L.P.
    ("Capital LP"), Omega Institutional Partners, L.P. ("Institutional LP"),
    Omega Equity Investors, L.P. ("Equity LP"), Omega Capital Investors, L.P.
    ("Investors LP"), Omega Overseas Partners, Ltd. ("Overseas") and the
    Managed Accounts (as defined below). Leon G. Cooperman is the ultimate
    controlling person of Capital LP, Institutional LP, Equity LP, Investors
    LP, the general partner of each of such partnerships and Omega Advisors,
    Inc. ("Advisors"). Advisors serves as the investment manager to Overseas
    and the owner of Advisors serves as a discretionary investment advisor to a
    limited number of institutional clients (the "Managed Accounts"). Mr.
    Cooperman has sole voting and dispositive power over 4,163,894 shares of
    Galileo common stock and shared voting and dispositive power over 1,879,500
    shares of Galileo common stock. The principal business address of Mr.
    Cooperman is 88 Pine Street, Wall Street Plaza--31st Floor, New York, New
    York 10005. The share holdings reported above are as of December 31, 2000,
    as reported on the amendment to Schedule 13G filed on February 7, 2001 by
    Mr. Cooperman.

(5) Consists of (A) 4,709,748 shares beneficially owned by Barclays Global
    Investors, N.A. (4,436,104 of which such person holds sole voting power
    over); (B) 328,336 shares beneficially owned by Barclays Global Fund
    Advisors (320,904 of which such person holds sole voting power over); (C)
    1,000 shares beneficially owned by Barclays Bank PLC; (D) 9,602 shares
    beneficially owned by Barclays Funds Limited; (E) 151,622 shares
    beneficially owned by Barclays Global Investors, LTD.; and (F) 32,586
    shares beneficially owned directly by Barclays Trust and Banking Company
    (Japan) Ltd. The business address of Barclays Global Investors, N.A. and
    Barclays Global Fund Advisors is 45 Fremont Street, San Francisco,
    California 94105. The business address of Barclays Bank PLC is 54 Lombard
    Street, London, England EC3P 3AH. The business address of Barclays Funds
    Limited is Gredley House, 11 The Broadway, Stratford, England E15 4BJ. The
    business address of Barclays Global Investors, LTD. is Murray House, 1
    Royal Mint Court, London, England EC3 NHH. The business address of Barclays
    Trust and Banking

   Company (Japan) Ltd. is Ebisu Prime Square Tower, 8th Floor, 1-1-39 Hiroo,
   Shibuya-Ku, Tokyo, Japan 150-8402. The share holdings reported above are as
   of December 31, 2000, as reported on the Schedule 13G filed on February 14,
   2001 by the above stockholders.

(6) David J. Greene and Company, LLC has sole voting and dispositive power
    over 236,500 shares of Galileo common stock, shared voting power over
    2,382,230 shares of Galileo common stock, and shared dispositive power
    over 4,545,920 shares of Galileo common stock. The business address of
    such stockholder is 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022. The
    share holdings reported above are as of December 31, 2000, as reported on
    the amendment to Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2001 by David J.
    Greene and Company, LLC.

   Cendant may acquire 17,041,071 shares of Galileo common stock upon exercise
of its option granted pursuant to the stock option agreement. This number of
shares represents approximately 19.5% of the total outstanding shares of
Galileo common stock as of June 15, 2001, excluding shares issuable upon
exercise of the option. See "The Stock Option Agreement." The option may be
exercised only upon the occurrence of certain events, including such time as
the merger agreement may be terminated by Cendant in circumstances which could
entitle Cendant to the termination fee set forth in the merger agreement and
the termination of the voting agreement, none of which has occurred as of the
date of this proxy statement-prospectus. Accordingly, at no time will Cendant
beneficially own or have the power to vote both the Galileo common stock owned
by United and the shares issuable upon exercise under the option agreement.
Therefore, Cendant will never beneficially own or have the power to vote more
than 17,041,071 of the outstanding shares of Galileo common stock, subject to
certain adjustments. As discussed above, Cendant may not exercise the option
at any time prior to the termination of the voting agreement.

Directors and Executive Officers

   The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 30, 2001,
with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of Galileo common stock by
each of Galileo's directors (including those owned by James E. Barlett, Cheryl
Ballenger and Anthony C. Swanagan who also serve as executive officers of
Galileo), by Galileo's Chief Executive Officer and four most highly compensated
executive officers (other than Galileo's Chief Executive Officer), and by all
directors and executive officers as a group.

                                                 Beneficial Ownership
                                       -------------------------------------------
                                                    Shares
                                                  Subject to
Name of Individual and No. of Persons  Shares     Exercisable           Percent of
in Group                                Owned       Options   Total(1)   Class(2)
- -------------------------------------  -------    ----------- --------- ----------

Directors
  Graham W. Atkinson.................      --            --         --       *
  Cheryl Ballenger...................      100        25,983     26,083      *
  James E. Barlett...................  105,900(3)    398,483    504,383      *
  Wim Dik............................      --         12,000     12,000      *
  Mina Gouran........................      --         15,000     15,000      *
  Matthew F.C. Miau..................      --         10,000     10,000      *
  Georges P. Schorderet..............    1,500           --       1,500      *
  Andrew P. Studdert.................      --            --         --       *
  Anthony C. Swanagan................      --         18,250     18,250      *
  Kenneth Whipple....................    2,000        22,000     24,000      *
Named Executive Officers
  Babetta R. Gray....................      200       185,984    186,184      *
  James E. Lubinski..................      200       254,883    255,083      *
  David A. Near......................    1,500       193,217    194,717      *
  All directors and executive
   officers as a group (15 persons)..  112,400     1,286,650  1,399,050    1.6%

- --------
(1) The directors and executive officers, and all directors and executive
    officers as a group, have sole voting and sole investment power over the
    Galileo common stock listed except for Ms. Ballenger, Ms. Gray and Ms.
    Bulman, who each share voting and investment power with a third party.
(2) An asterisk indicates that the percentage of shares beneficially owned by
    the named individual does not exceed one percent (1%) of the outstanding
    Galileo common stock.
(3) Includes Mr. Barlett's restricted stock award of 97,900 shares, which was
    granted in two equal annual installments of 48,950 shares, each on June 18,
    1998 and June 18, 1999.

          COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS OF GALILEO AND CENDANT

   Cendant and Galileo are both organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of CD common
stock and Galileo common stock will arise from differences in their
certificates of incorporation and bylaws and, in the case of Galileo, from the
existence of a stockholders' agreement and a rights plan. Under the terms of
the merger agreement, Galileo stockholders will receive cash and CD common
stock in the merger. At the effective time of the merger, the rights of Galileo
stockholders will be governed by Delaware law, Cendant's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and Cendant's amended and restated bylaws. The
following is a summary of the material differences between the current rights
of Galileo stockholders and the rights of Cendant stockholders.

   The following discussion is not intended to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to Galileo's restated certificate of incorporation,
Galileo's restated bylaws, Galileo's stockholders' agreement, Galileo's rights
plan, Cendant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation, Cendant's
amended and restated bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware law. In
addition, the identification of some of the differences in the rights of these
stockholders as material is not intended to indicate that other differences
that are equally important do not exist. We urge you to read carefully the
relevant provisions of Delaware law, as well as the full text of the
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Cendant and Galileo and Galileo's
stockholders' agreement and rights plan. Copies of these documents are
incorporated by reference into this document and will be sent to you upon
request. See "Where You Can Find More Information."

Authorized Capital Stock

   Galileo. The authorized capital stock of Galileo consists of:

  . 250,000,000 shares of Galileo common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
    which there were, on June 30, 2001, 87,462,281 shares issued and
    outstanding and 18,077,776 shares held by Galileo in its treasury;

  . Seven shares of special voting preferred stock, par value $0.01 per
    share, of which one share has been designated series A special voting
    preferred stock, one share has been designated series B special voting
    preferred stock, one share has been designated series C special voting
    preferred stock, one share has been designated series D special voting
    preferred stock, one share has been designated series E special voting
    preferred stock, one share has been designated series F special voting
    preferred stock and one share has been designated series G special voting
    preferred stock, of which one share of each of the series A, B and E
    special voting preferred stock was issued and outstanding on June 30,
    2001; and

  . 25,000,000 shares of ordinary preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share,
    of which 2,500,000 shares have been designated as series H junior
    participating preferred stock and none of which were issued and
    outstanding on June 30, 2001.

   Cendant. The authorized capital stock of Cendant consists of:

  . 2,500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which:

    . 2,000,000,000 shares are designated as CD common stock, of which
      there were, on May 31, 2001, 854,257,638 shares issued and
      outstanding and 176,564,752 shares held by Cendant in its treasury;
      and

    . 500,000,000 shares are designated as Move.com common stock, of which
      there were, on May 31, 2001, 1,861,995 shares issued and outstanding;
      and

  . 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which
    there were no shares issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2001.

   Cendant's certificate of incorporation contains detailed mechanisms for
allocating dividend, distribution, redemption, liquidation and other rights
between CD common stock and Move.com common stock.

Board of Directors

   Galileo. The board of directors of Galileo has 10 directors. Galileo's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, subject to the rights, if
any, of holders of preferred stock, the number of directors shall be fixed from
time to time by the Galileo.

   Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for three classes
of directors, with each class elected for a term of three years and consisting
as nearly as possible of one third of the total number of directors on the
Galileo board. At each annual meeting of stockholders, one class of directors
is elected for a three-year term, with the members of each class to hold office
until their successors are elected and qualified. Classification of directors
has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the
composition of the Galileo board.

   Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that, except for
directors elected by holders of special voting preferred stock, if any,
directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of
stockholders. Galileo's certificate of incorporation provides that each share
of special voting preferred stock entitles its holder, voting the share as a
separate class, to elect one director so long as certain Galileo common stock
ownership thresholds are maintained. If a holder fails to maintain the
requisite Galileo common stock ownership levels, some or all of its shares of
special voting preferred stock will be automatically redeemed.

   A quorum at any meeting of the Galileo board consists of a majority of the
total number of Galileo directors, and a majority of directors present at a
meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve an action of the
Galileo board.

   Cendant. The board of directors of Cendant has 14 directors. Cendant's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the number of directors
shall be fixed from time to time by the Cendant board but shall not be less
than three.

   Cendant's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for three classes
of directors, with each class elected for a term of three years and consisting
as nearly as possible of one third of the total number of directors on the
Cendant board. At each annual meeting of stockholders, one class of directors
is elected for a three-year term, with the members of each class to hold office
until their successors are elected and qualified. Classification of directors
has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the
composition of the Cendant board.

   Cendant's certificate of incorporation and bylaws are silent as to the
requisite vote of stockholders to elect directors. Under Delaware law,
directors are elected by a plurality of the votes present, in person or
represented by proxy, at a meeting of stockholders, by the holders of shares
entitled to vote in the election.

   A quorum at any meeting of the Cendant board consists of a majority of the
total number of Cendant directors and the act of a majority of such quorum
shall be deemed the act of the Cendant board.

Committees of the Board of Directors

   Galileo. Galileo's bylaws permit the Galileo board to designate an audit
committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee, each of which
are to consist of two or more directors, and one or more special committees to
consist of one or more directors. The holders of special voting preferred stock
may have directors on each committee other than the audit committee, which must
be comprised of independent directors under the terms of the audit committee's
charter.

   The Galileo board currently has an audit committee, a compensation committee
and a nominating committee.

   Cendant. Cendant's bylaws require that the Cendant board have an executive
committee and a compensation committee, each of which must consist of three or
more directors, and an audit committee to

consist of four or more independent directors. Cendant's certificate of
incorporation also permits the Cendant board to designate other committees,
each committee to consist of one or more directors.

   In addition to the foregoing committees, the Cendant board currently has a
nominating committee, a corporate policy committee and a special litigation
committee.

Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies

   Galileo. Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that,
subject to the stockholders' agreement and subject to the rights of holders of
any series of preferred stock or any other class of capital stock (other than
Galileo common stock) then outstanding, any vacancy on the Galileo board
arising from death, resignation, removal, an increase in the number of
directors or any other cause may be filled by a majority vote of the remaining
directors, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. If
Galileo redeems any share of special voting preferred stock, then the director
elected by the holder of that share will be deemed to have automatically and
immediately resigned, and the resulting vacancy will be filled with an
independent director chosen by a majority of the Galileo board. Directors
elected to fill a vacancy will hold office for a term to coincide with the term
of the class to which such director was elected.

   Cendant. Cendant's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that
newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of
directors and any vacancies on the Cendant board resulting from death,
resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause will be filled solely by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office,
even though less than a quorum. Directors appointed to fill newly created
directorships and vacancies will hold office for the remainder of the full term
of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the
vacancy occurred and until such director's successor shall have been elected
and qualified.

Removal of Directors

   Galileo. Galileo's certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to
the rights, if any, of holders shares of preferred stock, any or all directors
may be removed from office only for cause by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Galileo entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class. A director
elected by the holder of a share of special voting preferred stock may be
removed and/or replaced at any time by that holder.

   Cendant. Cendant's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that any
director may be removed from office, without cause, only by the affirmative
vote of the holders of 80% of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding
shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting
together as a single class.

Officers

   Galileo. Galileo's bylaws provide that Galileo's officers will include a
chairman of the board, a president and chief executive officer, a chief
financial officer, a general counsel, a treasurer and a secretary, and may also
include a chief operating officer and one or more senior vice presidents,
executive vice presidents, vice presidents, assistant treasurers and assistant
secretaries. The Galileo board or the chief executive officer may also elect or
appoint other officers as they deem necessary. Any officer elected by the
Galileo board may be removed at any time by the Galileo board, and any officer
appointed by the chief executive officer may be removed at any time by the
Galileo board or the chief executive officer, in each case, with or without
cause.

   Cendant. Pursuant to Cendant's bylaws, Cendant's officers consist of a
chairman of the board, a president and chief executive officer, one or more
vice chairmen of the board, a chief financial officer, a general counsel, one
or more vice presidents and a secretary, all as elected or appointed by the
Cendant board. In addition, the Cendant board may appoint such other officers,
agents and employees as it shall deem appropriate.

   Cendant's bylaws provide that all officers may be removed at any time by the
Cendant board with or without cause. Until January 2002, the affirmative vote
of 80% of Cendant's board is required to remove the chief executive officer.

Special Meetings of Stockholders

   Galileo. Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that
special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by a majority of the
Galileo board, the chairman of the board or the chief executive officer.

   Cendant. Cendant's bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders
may be called only by the chairman of the board, the president or the Cendant
board pursuant to a resolution approved by a majority of the entire Cendant
board.

Quorum at Stockholder Meetings

   Galileo. Galileo's bylaws provide that at any meeting of stockholders, the
holders of shares representing a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by
all holders of shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present
in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum.

   If a quorum is not present at a meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote
at the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is
present.

   Cendant. Cendant's bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required by law,
the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws, the holders of not less than
one third of the shares entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders,
present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum, and the act of the
majority of such quorum shall be deemed the act of the stockholders.

   If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting
may adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time.

   If a notice of any adjourned special meeting of stockholders is sent to all
stockholders entitled to vote thereat, stating that it will be held with those
present constituting a quorum, then, except as otherwise required by law, those
present at such adjourned meeting shall constitute a quorum, and all matters
shall be determined by a majority of votes cast at such meeting.

Stockholder Action by Written Consent

   Galileo. Galileo's certificate of incorporation requires that any action
required or permitted to be taken by Galileo stockholders must be effected at a
duly called annual or special meeting and may not be effected by a written
consent of the stockholders.

   Cendant. Cendant's certificate of incorporation and bylaws require that any
action required or permitted to be taken by Cendant stockholders must be
effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and may not be effected by
any consent in writing.

Advance Notice of Stockholder Proposals for Stockholder Meetings

   Galileo. Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for
advance notice procedures for the nomination of candidates for election as
directors as well as for other stockholder-proposed business to be considered
at stockholder meetings.

   Galileo's bylaws provide that notice of stockholder-proposed business for
the annual meeting generally must be received in writing by Galileo not more
than 90 days and not less than 60 days prior to the anniversary date of the
previous annual meeting. The stockholder notice must contain:

  .  a brief description of, and the reasons for, the business desired to be
     brought before the annual meeting;

  .  the name and record address of the stockholder proposing the business;

  .  the class and number of Galileo shares that are beneficially owned by
     the stockholder and reasonable evidence of ownership;

  .  a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
     stockholder and any person regarding the proposed business and any
     material interest of the stockholder in the proposed business; and

  .  a representation that the stockholder intends to appear at the meeting
     in person or by proxy.

   With respect to stockholder nominations of candidates for election as
directors, Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide different
deadlines for giving notice of nominations depending on whether the election is
taking place at an annual or a special meeting. In each case, the stockholder
notice must contain:

  .  the name, age, business and residential addresses and principal
     employment of each nominee, the class and number of Galileo shares
     beneficially owned by each nominee and any other information about each
     nominee that would be required to be included in a proxy statement;

  .  the name and record address of the stockholder making the nomination;

  .  the class and number of Galileo shares that are beneficially owned by
     the stockholder and reasonable evidence of ownership;

  .  a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
     stockholder and each nominee and any other person pursuant to which the
     nomination is to be made;

  .  a representation that the stockholder intends to appear at the meeting
     in person or by proxy to nominate the nominees identified in the notice;

  .  any other information about the stockholder that would be required to be
     included in a proxy statement; and

  .  the consent of each nominee to serve as a director if elected.

   Cendant. Cendant's bylaws provide for advance notice procedures for the
nomination of candidates for election as directors as well as for other
stockholder-proposed business to be considered at stockholder meetings.

   Generally, notice of stockholder-proposed business for the annual meeting
must be received in writing by the secretary of Cendant not more than 90 days
and not less than 60 days prior to the annual meeting. The stockholder notice
must contain:

  .  a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the
     annual meeting;

  .  the name and address, as they appear on Cendant's books, of the
     stockholder proposing the business;

  .  the class and number of Cendant shares that are beneficially owned by
     the stockholder; and

  .  any material interest of the stockholder in the proposed business.

   With respect to stockholder nominations of candidates for election as
directors, Cendant's bylaws provide different deadlines for giving notice of
nominations depending on whether the election is taking place at an annual or
special meeting. In each case, the stockholder notice must contain:

  .  the name and address of the stockholder intending to make the
     nomination;

  .  a representation that the stockholder is entitled to vote at the meeting
     and intends to appear at the meeting in person or by proxy to nominate
     the nominees identified in the notice;

  .  a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
     stockholder and each nominee and any other person pursuant to which the
     nomination is to be made;

  .  any other information about each nominee that would be required to be
     included in a proxy statement; and

  .  the consent of each nominee to serve as a director if elected.

Amendment of Governing Documents

   Under Delaware law, an amendment to a corporation's certificate of
incorporation requires:

  .  a resolution of the corporation's board of directors recommending the
     amendment;

  .  the approval of holders of a majority of all shares entitled to vote
     thereon, voting together as a single class; and

  .  the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding stock of each
     class entitled to vote on the amendment,

unless a higher vote is required in the corporation's certificate of
incorporation.

   Galileo. Galileo's certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative
vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding Galileo shares entitled to vote,
voting as a single class, in order to amend, repeal or adopt any provision to
reclassify the Galileo board, permit stockholder action by written consent or
permit stockholders to call special meetings. In addition, the certificate of
incorporation also requires the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the total
voting power of all classes of outstanding Galileo common stock to alter, amend
or repeal in a manner adverse to the interests of certain of Galileo's past and
present airline stockholders, or adopt any provisions adverse to the interests
of those stockholders and inconsistent with, provisions of the certificate of
incorporation relating to corporate opportunities.

   As to other provisions and matters, Galileo's certificate of incorporation
and bylaws are silent on the matter of amending the certificate of
incorporation of Galileo and, therefore, Delaware law applies.

   Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws require either a majority
of the Galileo board or the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3%
of the outstanding Galileo shares entitled to vote, voting as a single class,
to alter, amend or repeal any bylaws or adopt new bylaws. Galileo's bylaws
provide further that the Galileo board cannot alter, amend or repeal the
provisions in the bylaws relating to telephonic meetings of the Galileo board
or its committees without the consent of all of the directors.

   Cendant. Cendant's certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 80% of the voting power of all the shares
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a
single class, in order to alter, amend or adopt any provision inconsistent with
the provisions in the certificate of incorporation relating to the election,
number and terms of directors, filling of newly created directorships and
vacancies, removal of directors, stockholder nomination of director candidates,
bylaws amendment and the vote required for certain business combinations.

   As to other provisions and matters, Cendant's certificate of incorporation
and bylaws are silent on the matter of amending the certificate of
incorporation of Cendant and, therefore, Delaware law applies.

   Cendant's certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least 80% of the voting power of all the shares entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, in
order to alter, amend or repeal the provisions in the bylaws relating to annual
meetings, special meetings, stockholder action, number, election and terms of
directors, newly created directorships and vacancies and removal of directors.

   As to other provisions and matters, Cendant's bylaws provide that the bylaws
may be altered, amended or repealed at any regular meeting of the stockholders
(or at any special meeting duly called for that purpose) by the vote of a
majority of the shares outstanding and entitled to vote at such meeting,
provided, in the case of any special meeting, that in the notice of such
special meeting notice of such purpose shall be given. The Cendant board may by
a majority vote of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present
amend the bylaws, or enact such other bylaws as in their judgment may be
advisable for the regulation of the conduct of the affairs of Cendant.

Effect of Interested Stockholder Transactions and Fair Price Provision

   Galileo. Delaware law generally prohibits a business combination between a
corporation and an "interested stockholder" within three years of the time that
person became an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder generally
includes a person who beneficially owns 15% or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation. This provision does not apply in some circumstances,
including if (i) the corporation's board of directors approved the interested
stockholder transaction prior to the date the interested stockholder acquired
his or her shares, (ii) as a result of the interested stockholder transaction,
the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the
corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding shares
owned by persons who are both directors and officers and by employee stock
plans), or (iii) the interested stockholder transaction is approved by the
board of directors and the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% of the outstanding
voting stock of the disinterested stockholders at an annual or special meeting.
These restrictions also will not apply to a corporation if, among other
reasons, the corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws contains a
provision expressly electing not to be governed by this section of Delaware
law. Galileo's certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not contain a
provision electing not to be governed by this section of Delaware law.

   Cendant. In addition to the approval requirements of business combinations
under Delaware law, the Cendant certificate of incorporation includes what
generally is referred to as a "fair price provision."

   In general, this provision of the Cendant certificate of incorporation
provides that a business combination, which is defined to include any of the
following:

  .  any merger or consolidation of Cendant or any majority-owned subsidiary
     with (a) any interested stockholder or (b) any other corporation
     (whether or not itself an interested stockholder) that is, or after such
     merger or consolidation would be, an affiliate of an interested
     stockholder;

  .  any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
     disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) to or with
     any interested stockholder of any assets of Cendant or any majority-
     owned subsidiary having an aggregate fair market value of $10 million or
     more;

  .  the issuance or transfer by Cendant or any majority-owned subsidiary (in
     one transaction or series of transactions) of any securities of Cendant
     or any majority-owned subsidiary to any interested stockholder in
     exchange for cash, securities or other property (or a combination
     thereof) having an aggregate fair market value of $10 million or more;

  .  the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution
     of Cendant proposed by or on behalf of any interested stockholder or any
     affiliate of any interested stockholder; or

  . any reclassification of securities (including any reverse stock split) or
    recapitalization of Cendant or any merger or consolidation of Cendant
    with any of its majority-owned subsidiaries or any other transaction
    (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving an interested
    stockholder) which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing
    the proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of equity
    security of Cendant or any majority-owned subsidiary that is directly or
    indirectly owned by any interested stockholder or any affiliate of any
    interested stockholder:

requires approval by the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the voting power
of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Cendant entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class, unless:

  . the business combination is approved by a majority of the disinterested
    directors; or

  . minimum price criteria and procedural requirements that are intended to
    assure an adequate and fair price under the circumstances are satisfied.

   In general, under Cendant's certificate of incorporation, an interested
stockholder includes any person who is the beneficial owner of 5% or more of
the voting capital stock of Cendant or is an affiliate of Cendant and at any
time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question was
the beneficial owner of 5% or more of the voting capital stock of Cendant.

   In general, a disinterested director means a director that is not affiliated
with the interested stockholder and was a member of the board of directors
prior to the time that the interested stockholder became an interested
stockholder.

Stockholders' Agreement

   Galileo. Galileo is a party to a stockholders' agreement, dated as of July
30, 1997, as amended, with holders of special voting preferred stock who are
airline stockholders. Pursuant to the stockholders' agreement, these
stockholders have agreed to various terms, including terms relating to the
size, composition, classification and committees of the Galileo board, the
composition of the classes and certain committees of the Galileo board and the
compensation of directors. They have agreed, for example, to vote their Galileo
shares to elect three management and three independent directors to the Galileo
board and to cause the Galileo board to designate nominating, audit and
compensation committees. The stockholders' agreement provides that if a
stockholder no longer holds its special preferred stock, its director must
resign immediately and that directorship will be filled by an independent
director.

   Cendant. Cendant does not have a stockholders' agreement.

Stockholder Rights Plan

   Galileo. In February 2001, Galileo adopted a stockholder rights plan
pursuant to a rights agreement with LaSalle Bank National Association, as
rights agent. A summary of the material provisions of the rights plan is set
forth below. The summary does not include a complete description of all of the
terms of the rights plan. We urge you to read carefully Galileo's rights plan,
a copy of which will be sent to you upon request. See "Where You Can Find More
Information."

   In connection with the Galileo rights plan, Galileo issued, as a dividend,
one preferred stock purchase right for each outstanding share of Galileo's
common stock. Under the Galileo rights plan, the Galileo rights generally will
not become exercisable until the earlier of:

  . the close of business on the tenth calendar day after a public
    announcement or disclosure that a person, entity or group, has acquired
    beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the Galileo's outstanding common
    stock or, in the case of a person, entity or group that beneficially
    owned 15% or more of Galileo's outstanding common stock as of the date
    the rights plan was adopted, 20% or more of Galileo's outstanding common
    stock (a person, entity or group that acquires beneficial ownership in
    excess of the applicable threshold is called an acquiring person); and

  . the close of business on the tenth business day after a person, entity or
    group begins a tender or exchange offer, which if completed would result
    in that person, entity or group becoming an acquiring person.

   In connection with the merger, the Galileo rights plan was amended to
provide that the rights would not become exercisable solely by reason of the
execution and delivery of the merger agreement or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, voting agreement or stock
option agreement and that the Galileo rights plan would expire immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger.

   After the rights become exercisable, all holders of rights, except the
acquiring person, may exercise the rights upon payment of the purchase price,
which is currently $90.00 per right, to purchase shares of Galileo's common
stock (or other securities or assets as determined by Galileo's board of
directors) with a market value of two times the purchase price. Thereafter, if
Galileo is acquired in a merger or similar transaction, all holders of rights,
except the acquiring person, may exercise the rights upon payment of the
purchase price, to purchase shares of the acquiring corporation with a market
value of two times the purchase price.

   At any time before a person, entity or group becomes an acquiring person,
Galileo's board of directors may redeem the rights in whole, but not in part,
at a price of $0.01 per right. At any time after a person, entity or group
becomes an acquiring person, but before an acquiring person owns 50% or more of
the outstanding Galileo common stock, Galileo's board may exchange each right
(except for rights held by any acquiring person) for one share of Galileo
common stock or an equivalent security. The rights will expire on March 8, 2011
if they have not been previously exercised, exchanged or redeemed.

   The rights plan is designed to protect the interests of Galileo and its
stockholders against coercive takeover tactics. The rights plan may have the
effect of deterring additional takeover proposals.

   Cendant. Cendant has not adopted a stockholder rights plan.

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements of Cendant incorporated in this proxy
statement-prospectus by reference from Cendant's Annual Report on Form 10-K/A
for the year ended December 31, 2000 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche
LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report (which expresses an
unqualified opinion and includes explanatory paragraphs relating to the change
in certain revenue recognition policies regarding the recognition of
non-refundable one-time fees and pro rata refundable subscription revenue and
the restatement of the financial statements to reflect the individual
membership business as part of continuing operations as described in Note 1),
which is incorporated herein by reference, and has been so incorporated in
reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.

   The consolidated financial statements of Galileo incorporated by reference
into its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2000 and
1999, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2000, have been audited by KPMG LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in
their report thereon incorporated by reference therein and incorporated herein
by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by
reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   The validity of the CD common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for
Cendant by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. Certain legal matters
regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger will be passed
upon for Galileo by Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue, and for Cendant by Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

                   SUBMISSION OF FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   As a result of the merger, Galileo does not currently expect to hold a 2002
annual meeting of stockholders because Galileo will have become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cendant in the merger. The merger agreement provides that if the
merger is not consummated by January 1, 2002, Galileo may hold its annual
meeting. If that meeting is held, Galileo stockholders may propose matters to
be presented at the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders and may also nominate
persons to be directors of Galileo. Any stockholder proposal intended for
inclusion in the proxy materials for the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders
must be received by Galileo no later than December 3, 2001, addressed to the
Secretary of Galileo at the address on the front cover of this proxy statement-
prospectus. Stockholders submitting proposals are urged to submit their
proposals by certified mail, return receipt requested.

   Stockholder proposals not included in the proxy statement for the 2002
annual meeting as well as proposed stockholder nominations for the election of
directors at the 2002 annual meeting must each comply with advance notice
procedures set forth in Galileo's bylaws in order to be brought properly before
that meeting. See "Comparison of Rights of Stockholders of Galileo and
Cendant--Advance Notice of Stockholder Proposals for Stockholder Meetings." In
general, written notice of a stockholder proposal or a director nomination must
be delivered to the Secretary of Galileo not less than 60 days nor more than 90
days prior to the anniversary date of the preceding annual meeting of
stockholders. With regard to the 2002 annual meeting, the written notice must
be received between February 16, 2002 and no later than March 18, 2002, to be
considered for inclusion.

   In addition to the timing requirements, the advance notice provisions of
Galileo's bylaws contain informational content requirements that also must be
met. A copy of the bylaw provisions governing these timing procedures and
content requirements may be obtained by writing to the Secretary of Galileo.

   Unless stockholder proposals meet the requirements set forth above, the
persons named in the proxies solicited on behalf of the Galileo board will have
discretionary authority to vote on and may vote against any such stockholder
proposal.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Galileo and Cendant file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and
registration statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and
copy any reports, statements or other information that the companies file at
the SEC's public reference rooms at 450 Fifth Street, N.W. Washington, D.C.
20549, and in New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. Galileo's
and Cendant's public filings are also available to the public from commercial
document retrieval services and at the Internet World Wide Web site maintained
by the SEC at "http://www.sec.gov." Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Galileo and Cendant also may be inspected at the offices
of the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.

   Cendant has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the
SEC the shares of CD common stock to be issued to Galileo stockholders in the
merger. This proxy statement-prospectus is a part of that registration
statement and constitutes a prospectus of Cendant and a proxy statement of
Galileo for purposes of the Galileo special meeting.

   As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy statement-prospectus omits certain
information contained in the registration statement or the exhibits to the
registration statement. Any statements contained in this proxy statement-
prospectus concerning the provisions of any other document are not necessarily
complete, and, in each instance, reference is made to the copy of such document
filed as an exhibit to the registration statement or otherwise filed with the
SEC. Each statement is qualified in its entirety by such reference.

   The SEC allows Galileo and Cendant to incorporate by reference information
into this proxy statement-prospectus, which means that the companies can
disclose important information to you by referring you to another document
filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is
deemed to be part of this proxy statement-prospectus, except for any
information superseded by information contained directly in the proxy
statement-prospectus. This proxy statement-prospectus incorporates by reference
the documents set forth below that Galileo and Cendant have previously filed
with the SEC. These documents contain important information about the
companies.

                              GALILEO SEC FILINGS

(File No. 1-13153)                                    Period
- ------------------                                    ------

Annual Report on Form 10-K......  Year ended December 31, 2000 (filed on March
                                  13, 2001)
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q...  Quarter ended March 31, 2001 (filed on May 8,
                                  2001)
Current Reports on Form 8-K.....  Dated February 23, 2001 and June 18, 2001
                                  (filed on February 23, 2001 and June 18, 2001,
                                  respectively)

                              CENDANT SEC FILINGS

(File No. 1-10308)                                    Period
- ------------------                                    ------

Annual Report on Form 10-K/A....  Year ended December 31, 2000 (filed on July 3,
                                  2001)
Quarterly Report on Form 10-      Quarter ended March 31, 2001 (filed on July 3,
 Q/A............................  2001)
Current Reports on Form 8-K and   Dated April 2, 2001; April 18, 2001; April 18,
 Form 8-K/A.....................  2001; May 2, 2001; May 4, 2001; May 10, 2001;
                                  May 24, 2001; June 13, 2001; June 18, 2001;
                                  and July 2, 2001 (filed on April 3, 2001;
                                  April 19, 2001; April 19, 2001; May 2, 2001;
                                  May 4, 2001; May 11, 2001; May 25, 2001; June
                                  15, 2001; June 18, 2001; and July 3, 2001,
                                  respectively).
Proxy Statement describing
Cendant common stock, including
any amendments or reports filed
for the purpose of updating such  Dated February 10, 2000 (filed on February 11,
description.....................  2000)

   Galileo and Cendant incorporate by reference additional documents that
either company may file with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d)
between the date of this proxy statement-prospectus and the date of the special
meeting. These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as
registration statements and proxy statements.

   Galileo has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement-prospectus relating to Galileo, and Cendant has
supplied all such information relating to Cendant.

   You can obtain a copy of any Cendant document or any Galileo document
incorporated by reference except for the exhibits to those documents from the
appropriate company. You may also obtain these documents from the SEC or
through the SEC's Internet World Wide Web site described above. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from the companies without charge,
excluding all exhibits unless specifically incorporated by reference as an
exhibit into this proxy statement-prospectus. You may obtain documents
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement-prospectus by requesting
them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the following
addresses:

      Galileo International, Inc.                 Cendant Corporation
   9700 West Higgins Road, Suite 400               9 West 57th Street
        Rosemont, Illinois 60018                New York, New York 10019
     Attention: Investor Relations           Attention: Investor Relations
             (847) 518-4000                          (212) 413-1845

   If you would like to request documents from either company, please do so by
     , 2001 to receive them before the Galileo special meeting. If you request
any of these documents from us we will mail them to you by first-class mail, or
similar means.

   You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement-prospectus in voting your shares at the
Galileo special meeting. Galileo and Cendant have not authorized anyone to
provide you with information that is different from what is contained in this
proxy statement-prospectus. This proxy statement-prospectus is dated      ,
2001. You should not assume that the information contained in the proxy
statement-prospectus is accurate as of any other date, and neither the mailing
of this proxy statement-prospectus to Galileo's stockholders nor the issuance
of Cendant's securities in the merger will create any implication to the
contrary.

                                                                         Annex A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                  by and among

                              CENDANT CORPORATION,

                            GALAXY ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      and

                          GALILEO INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                           Dated as of June 15, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS....................................................  A-V

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER..............................................  A-1
 RECITALS.................................................................  A-1

ARTICLE I THE MERGER......................................................  A-2
  1.1The Merger...........................................................  A-2
  1.2The Closing..........................................................  A-2
  1.3Effective Time.......................................................  A-2
  1.4Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, Directors and Officers of the
       Surviving Corporation; Directors of Parent.........................  A-2
  1.5Directors of Parent..................................................  A-2

ARTICLE II EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON SECURITIES OF PURCHASER AND
 THE COMPANY..............................................................  A-3
  2.1Purchaser Securities.................................................  A-3
  2.2Company Securities...................................................  A-3
  2.3Exchange of Certificates Representing Company Common Stock...........  A-8
  2.4Adjustment of Merger Consideration................................... A-10
  2.5Dissenting Company Stockholders...................................... A-11

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY................. A-12
  3.1Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority........................ A-12
  3.2Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements..................... A-12
  3.3Compliance with Laws................................................. A-13
  3.4Capitalization....................................................... A-13
  3.5Subsidiaries......................................................... A-14
  3.6No Violation; Consents............................................... A-14
  3.7Company Reports; Financial Statements................................ A-15
  3.8Litigation........................................................... A-15
  3.9Absence of Certain Changes........................................... A-16
  3.10Taxes............................................................... A-16
  3.11Employee Benefit Plans.............................................. A-16
  3.12Labor and Employment Matters........................................ A-18
  3.13Intellectual Property Rights........................................ A-19
  3.14Permits............................................................. A-20
  3.15Environmental Compliance............................................ A-20
  3.16Material Contracts.................................................. A-21
  3.17Title to Property................................................... A-22
  3.18Brokers............................................................. A-22
  3.19Opinion of Financial Advisor........................................ A-22
  3.20Rights Agreement.................................................... A-23
  3.21State Takeover Statutes............................................. A-23
  3.22No Undisclosed Liabilities.......................................... A-23
  3.23Vote Required....................................................... A-23
  3.24Form S-4; Proxy Statement........................................... A-23

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND PURCHASER......... A-24
  4.1Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority........................ A-24
  4.2Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements..................... A-24
  4.3Compliance with Laws................................................. A-24

                                      A-i

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

  4.4Capitalization....................................................... A-25
  4.5No Violation; Consents............................................... A-25
  4.6Parent Reports....................................................... A-26
  4.7Litigation........................................................... A-26
  4.8Absence of Certain Changes........................................... A-26
  4.9Interim Operations of Purchaser...................................... A-27
  4.10Form S-4; Proxy Statement........................................... A-27
  4.11Tax Matters......................................................... A-27
  4.12State Takeover Statutes............................................. A-27
  4.13No Undisclosed Liabilities.......................................... A-27
  4.14Parent Shareholder Approval......................................... A-27
  4.15Parent Common Stock................................................. A-27
  4.16Ownership of Company Common Stock................................... A-27

ARTICLE V COVENANTS....................................................... A-28
  5.1Alternative Proposals................................................ A-28
  5.2Interim Operations................................................... A-29
  5.3Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement; Company
   Stockholder Approval................................................... A-32
  5.4Filings; Other Action................................................ A-34
  5.5Access to Information................................................ A-36
  5.6Publicity............................................................ A-36
  5.7Further Action....................................................... A-37
  5.8Insurance; Indemnity................................................. A-37
  5.9Employee Benefit Plans............................................... A-38
  5.10Conveyance Taxes.................................................... A-40
  5.11Certain Tax Matters................................................. A-40
  5.12Section 16 Matters.................................................. A-41
  5.13Stock Options and SARs.............................................. A-41
  5.14Stock Exchange Listing.............................................. A-41
  5.15Amendments to the Rights Agreement; Section 203..................... A-41
  5.16Affiliates.......................................................... A-41

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS..................................................... A-42
  6.1Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger........... A-42
  6.2Conditions to Obligation of Parent and Purchaser to Effect the
   Merger................................................................. A-42
  6.3Conditions to Obligations of the Company to Effect the Merger........ A-43

ARTICLE VII TERMINATION................................................... A-44
  7.1Termination by Mutual Consent........................................ A-44
  7.2Termination by Either Parent or Company.............................. A-44
  7.3Termination by the Company........................................... A-44
  7.4Termination by Parent................................................ A-44
  7.5Effect of Termination and Abandonment; Termination Fee............... A-45
  7.6Fees and Expenses.................................................... A-45
  7.7Extension; Waiver.................................................... A-46

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS........................................... A-46
  8.1Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties........................ A-46
  8.2Notices.............................................................. A-46
  8.3Assignment; Binding Effect; No Third-Party Beneficiaries............. A-47
  8.4Entire Agreement..................................................... A-47
  8.5Governing Law........................................................ A-48
  8.6Fee and Expenses..................................................... A-48

                                      A-ii

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

  8.7Certain Definitions................................................... A-48
  8.8Headings.............................................................. A-48
  8.9Interpretation........................................................ A-48
  8.10Waivers.............................................................. A-49
  8.11Severability......................................................... A-49
  8.12Parent Actions....................................................... A-49
  8.13Enforcement of Agreement............................................. A-49
  8.14Amendment............................................................ A-49
  8.15Waiver of Jury Trial................................................. A-50
  8.16Execution............................................................ A-50
  8.17Date for Any Action.................................................. A-50
  8.18Counterparts......................................................... A-50

                                     A-iii

                                    EXHIBITS

 Exhibit                        Description
 -------                        -----------

    A    Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation

    B    Form of Affiliate Letter

                                      A-iv

                             INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Definition                                                                  Page
- ----------                                                                  ----

2000 Annual Report......................................................... A-20
2001 Proxy Statement....................................................... A-18
2001 Quarterly Report...................................................... A-30
280G Persons............................................................... A-53
Action..................................................................... A-49
Actual Aggregate Cash Consideration........................................  A-4
Actual Aggregate Parent Shares.............................................  A-4
Adjusted Actual Aggregate Cash Consideration...............................  A-5
Adjusted High-End Price.................................................... A-14
Adjusted Low-End Price..................................................... A-14
Adjustment Factor.......................................................... A-14
affiliate.................................................................. A-63
Agreement..................................................................  A-1
Ancillary Documents........................................................ A-16
Assumed Options............................................................  A-8
Australian Approval........................................................ A-55
Average Company Trading Price..............................................  A-9
Average Parent Trading Price...............................................  A-5
Board Recommendation....................................................... A-16
business day............................................................... A-63
Cap........................................................................ A-49
Capital Plan............................................................... A-40
Cash Limitation Amount.....................................................  A-5
Cash Limitation Percentage.................................................  A-5
Certificate of Merger......................................................  A-2
Certificates............................................................... A-11
Change in Control Contracts................................................ A-28
Change in the Company Recommendation....................................... A-44
Closing....................................................................  A-2
Closing Date Parent Stock Price............................................  A-5
Closing Date...............................................................  A-2
Code.......................................................................  A-1
Company....................................................................  A-1
Company Acquisition Agreement.............................................. A-36
Company Benefit Plans...................................................... A-22
Company Common Stock.......................................................  A-1
Company Disclosure Letter.................................................. A-16
Company ESPP...............................................................  A-9
Company Material Adverse Effect............................................ A-16
Company Permits............................................................ A-26
Company Recommendation..................................................... A-43
Company Reports............................................................ A-20
Company Stock Option Plans.................................................  A-8
Company Stockholder Approval............................................... A-16
Confidentiality Agreement.................................................. A-37
Confidentiality Contracts.................................................. A-28
Contract................................................................... A-19
Contracts.................................................................. A-19
Control Requirement Percentage.............................................  A-5

                                      A-v

Definition                                                                  Page
- ----------                                                                  ----

Controlling Company Shares.................................................  A-5
Covia......................................................................  A-1
Delaware Courts............................................................ A-63
Designated Number.......................................................... A-52
DGCL.......................................................................  A-2
Dissenting Common Stock.................................................... A-15
Distribution Value......................................................... A-14
DOJ........................................................................ A-45
EC Merger Regulation....................................................... A-46
Effective Time.............................................................  A-2
Environmental Liability.................................................... A-27
Environmental Matters...................................................... A-27
ERISA...................................................................... A-63
ERISA Affiliate............................................................ A-24
Excess Costs............................................................... A-39
Exchange Act...............................................................  A-8
Exchange Agent............................................................. A-11
Exchange Fund.............................................................. A-11
Exchange Ratio.............................................................  A-4
Exclusivity Contracts...................................................... A-28
FCC Act.................................................................... A-19
Fee........................................................................ A-59
Fee Determination.......................................................... A-59
Financial Advisor.......................................................... A-29
Foreign Benefit Plan....................................................... A-23
Form S-4................................................................... A-30
FTC........................................................................ A-45
GAAP....................................................................... A-20
Governmental Entity........................................................ A-17
Guarantees................................................................. A-28
High-End Ratio.............................................................  A-5
HSR Act.................................................................... A-19
Hyperion................................................................... A-47
incentive stock options....................................................  A-8
Indemnified Party.......................................................... A-49
Independent Director.......................................................  A-3
Intellectual Property Rights............................................... A-24
Jones Day..................................................................  A-2
knowledge.................................................................. A-63
Laws....................................................................... A-17
Leases..................................................................... A-29
Liens...................................................................... A-18
Litigation................................................................. A-20
Loan Contracts............................................................. A-28
Low-End Ratio..............................................................  A-5
Material Contracts......................................................... A-27
Material Intellectual Property Rights...................................... A-25
Merger.....................................................................  A-1
Merger Consideration.......................................................  A-3
Miscellaneous Contracts.................................................... A-29
Move.com Common Stock...................................................... A-32

                                      A-vi

Definition                                                                 Page
- ----------                                                                ------

Non-Competition Contracts................................................   A-27
NYSE.....................................................................    A-5
Option...................................................................    A-1
Option Agreement.........................................................    A-1
Option Exchange Ratio....................................................    A-9
Options..................................................................    A-8
Ordinary Preferred Stock.................................................   A-17
Parent...................................................................    A-1
Parent 2000 Annual Report................................................   A-34
Parent Authorized Preferred Stock........................................   A-32
Parent Common Stock......................................................    A-1
Parent Disclosure Letter.................................................   A-33
Parent Employee Stock Options............................................   A-33
Parent Expenses..........................................................   A-60
Parent Material Adverse Effect...........................................   A-31
Parent Reports...........................................................   A-34
Parent Stock Plans.......................................................   A-33
Parent Warrants..........................................................   A-33
Participating Company Shares.............................................    A-5
Partnership Contracts....................................................   A-28
Per Share Additional Stock Consideration.................................    A-5
Per Share Cash Consideration............................................. A-4, 6
Per Share Stock Amount...................................................    A-6
Per Share Stock Consideration............................................    A-4
person...................................................................   A-63
Post Signing Returns.....................................................   A-53
Preferred Redemption Price...............................................    A-7
Preferred Stock..........................................................   A-17
Preliminary Aggregate Cash Consideration...........