URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/779282/000091412101500406/0000914121-01-500406.txt


		CITY:			STRATFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06615
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033814000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WATSON BLVD
		CITY:			STRATFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06497

S-4

di579530v14_s4.txt

REGISTRATION STATEMENT

     As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2001

                                                      Registration No. _________

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                                   ----------

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                      UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                   ----------

                              DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

          DELAWARE                               8071                            06-1128081
(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF      (PRIMARY STANDARD INDUSTRIAL             (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
      INCORPORATION OR               CLASSIFICATION CODE NUMBER)           IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)
        ORGANIZATION)

                              200 WATSON BOULEVARD
                               STRATFORD, CT 06615
                                 (203) 381-4000
  (ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE, OF
                   REGISTRANT'S PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)

                                   ----------

                              MR. KEVIN C. JOHNSON
                              DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.
                              200 WATSON BOULEVARD
                               STRATFORD, CT 06615
                                 (203) 381-4000

 (NAME, ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE,
                             OF AGENT FOR SERVICE)

                                   ----------

                                   copies to:

 Dennis J. Block, Esq.      Mr. Michael W. George       Robert E. Wilson, Esq.
 Cadwalader, Wickersham          UroCor, Inc.        Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P.
         & Taft              840 Research Parkway     1301 McKinney, Suite 5100
    100 Maiden Lane        Oklahoma City, OK 73104       Houston, Texas 77010
New York, New York 10038        (405) 290-4000              (713) 651-5107
     (212) 504-6000

      APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: As soon
as practicable after the effectiveness of this Registration Statement and the
effective time of the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant with
and into UroCor, Inc. as described in the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as
of June 28, 2001.

    If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  |_|

    If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  |_|

    If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  |_|

                                   ----------

                         CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

=========================================================================================================
                                                    PROPOSED MAXIMUM   PROPOSED MAXIMUM     AMOUNT OF
    TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF         AMOUNT TO BE      OFFERING PRICE        AGGREGATE       REGISTRATION
  SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED       REGISTERED          PER UNIT        OFFERING PRICE         FEE
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, with par
  value of $0.01 per share
  (1) .......................      4,416,299 (2)           (3)         $182,291,862 (4)    $45,573 (5)
=========================================================================================================

(1)   Includes Dianon Preferred Stock purchase rights which, until events
      specified in Dianon's Rights Agreement occur, will not be exercisable or
      evidenced separately from the Dianon common stock.

(2)   The maximum number of shares of Dianon common stock, par value $0.01 per
      share, issuable in the merger in exchange for shares of UroCor common
      stock, based upon the maximum exchange ratio of .4064 of a share of Dianon
      common stock for each share of UroCor common stock and assumes (a)
      9,981,380 shares of UroCor common stock outstanding on July 31, 2001 and
      (b) 885,497 shares of UroCor common stock that may be issued pursuant to
      outstanding options between July 31, 2001 and the closing of the merger.

(3)   Not applicable.

(4)   Estimated to calculate the registration fee under Rule 457(f)(1) and Rule
      457(c) of the Securities Act, based on (i) the market value of UroCor
      shares to be received by Dianon in the merger, set by the average of the
      high and low sales prices of UroCor common stock on July 30, 2001 on the
      consolidated tape, which was $16.775, times (ii) 10,866,877 shares of
      UroCor common stock, which includes 9,981,380 outstanding shares of UroCor
      common stock and 885,497 shares of UroCor common stock that may be issued
      pursuant to outstanding options prior to the closing of the merger .

(5)   This fee has been calculated under Section 6(b) of the Securities Act, as
      .025 of one percent of $182,291,862.

      THE REGISTRANT AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON THE DATE OR DATES AS
MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT FILES A
FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT WILL BECOME
EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL
THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON THE DATE THAT THE
COMMISSION, ACTING UNDER SECTION 8(A), DETERMINES.

================================================================================

        [PRELIMINARY DRAFT DATED AUGUST 6, 2001-- SUBJECT TO COMPLETION]

[DIANON LOGO]                                                      [UROCOR LOGO]

                 MERGER PROPOSAL -- YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

      The boards of directors of DIANON Systems, Inc. and UroCor, Inc. have
unanimously approved a merger between our two companies that we believe will be
able to create substantially more stockholder value than could be achieved by
either company individually. The combined company will be named Dianon Systems,
Inc., with its headquarters in Stratford, Connecticut. We are sending you this
joint proxy statement/prospectus to ask you to vote in favor of the merger
transaction and related matters.

      If the merger is completed, UroCor stockholders will receive up to 0.4064
of a share of Dianon common stock for each share of UroCor common stock, subject
to adjustment as described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Holders of
UroCor common stock will be entitled to receive shares of Dianon common stock
with a value of up to $18 in exchange for each share of UroCor common stock they
hold, determined on the basis of the market price of Dianon common stock as
described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Dianon stockholders will
continue to own their existing Dianon shares. We estimate that Dianon will issue
approximately 3.8 million shares of Dianon common stock to UroCor stockholders
as a result of the merger, assuming Dianon's July 27, 2001 closing market price
of $50.23 per share. Upon completion of the merger, Dianon's stockholders will
own approximately 68% of the combined company, and UroCor stockholders will own
approximately 32% of the combined company. This information is based on the
number of Dianon and UroCor shares outstanding on August 2, 2001 and does not
take into account UroCor or Dianon stock options or other equity-based awards.
The shares of Dianon common stock received by UroCor stockholders as a result of
the merger will be quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "DIAN".
WE ARE ASKING THE DIANON STOCKHOLDERS TO APPROVE THE ISSUANCE OF THE SHARES OF
DIANON COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER. WE ARE ASKING THE UROCOR
STOCKHOLDERS TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE MERGER.

      In addition, Dianon is asking its stockholders, in connection with its
annual meeting, to vote in favor of the election of eight Dianon directors, to
approve the adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, to ratify the appointment
of Arthur Andersen LLP as Dianon's independent public accountants for the 2001
fiscal year and to consider other Dianon annual meeting matters described in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

      We cannot complete the merger unless the stockholders of UroCor adopt the
merger agreement and approve the merger and the stockholders of Dianon approve
the issuance of Dianon common stock in connection with the merger. Approval of
the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan and other Dianon annual meeting matters is not a
condition of the merger.

      We have each scheduled a meeting of our respective stockholders to vote on
these important matters.

      The dates, times and places of the meetings are:

      For DIANON stockholders:

      October 1, 2001

      10:00 a.m. E.D.T.

      at Dianon's corporate headquarters
      200 Watson Boulevard
      Stratford, Connecticut

      For UROCOR stockholders:

      October 1, 2001

      11:00 a.m. C.D.T.

      Renaissance Hotel
      10 Broadway Avenue
      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

      This document gives you detailed information about the proposed merger. It
also contains information about our companies from documents that we have filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We encourage you to read this
document carefully and in its entirety. IN PARTICULAR, YOU SHOULD READ THE "RISK
FACTORS" SECTION FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE VARIOUS RISKS YOU SHOULD CONSIDER IN
EVALUATING THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION.

      We are very enthusiastic about this merger and the strength and
capabilities we expect from the combined company.

/s/  Kevin C. Johnson                      /s/  Michael W. George
Kevin C. Johnson                           Michael W. George
President and Chief Executive Officer      President and Chief Executive Officer
DIANON Systems, Inc.                       UroCor, Inc.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or
disapproved the securities to be issued under this document or determined if
this document is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a
criminal offense.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED AUGUST ___, 2001, AND IS FIRST
BEING MAILED TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF DIANON ON OR ABOUT AUGUST ___, 2001 AND
UROCOR ON OR ABOUT AUGUST ___, 2001.

                      REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

      This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Dianon and UroCor from other documents that are not
included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This
information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral
request. You can obtain those documents incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
the appropriate company at the following address and telephone number.

             DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.                  UROCOR, INC.
             David R. Schreiber                    Bruce C. Hayden
             200 Watson Boulevard                  840 Research Parkway
             Stratford, CT 06615                   Oklahoma City, OK 73104
             Tel: (203) 381-4055                   Tel:  (405) 290-4117

      If you would like to request documents, please do so by September __, 2001
in order to receive them before your meeting.

      See "Additional Information for Stockholders - Where You Can Find More
Information".

                                  [DIANON LOGO]

                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

      The Annual Meeting of the stockholders of DIANON Systems, Inc. ("Dianon")
will be held at Dianon's corporate headquarters at 200 Watson Boulevard,
Stratford, Connecticut, on October 1, 2001, at 10:00 A.M., for the following
purposes:

      1.    To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of
            shares of Dianon common stock under an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
            dated as of June 28, 2001, among DIANON Systems, Inc., UroCor
            Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dianon, and UroCor,
            Inc. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the
            joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice;

      2.    To elect directors for the ensuing year;

      3.    To consider and approve the adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive
            Plan;

      4.    To ratify the appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as the independent
            public accountants of Dianon for the fiscal year ending December 31,
            2001; and

      5.    To transact such other business as may properly come before the
            meeting or any adjournment or adjournments thereof.

      Only stockholders of record at the close of business on August 29, 2001
will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of that date, there were [ ]
shares of common stock outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to
one vote on each matter properly brought before the meeting. A list of
stockholders eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for
inspection at the Annual Meeting and during business hours from September 21,
2001 to the date of the Annual Meeting at Dianon's corporate headquarters.

      Whether you expect to attend the Annual Meeting or not, your proxy vote is
important. To assure your representation at the meeting, please sign and date
the enclosed proxy card and return it promptly in the enclosed envelope, which
requires no additional postage if mailed in the United States or Canada.

                       By Order of the Board of Directors

                               David R. Schreiber
                               Corporate Secretary

200 Watson Boulevard
Stratford, Connecticut 06615
August __, 2001

                                  [UROCOR LOGO]

               NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF UROCOR

      NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that UroCor, Inc. ("UroCor") will hold a special
meeting of its stockholders, on October 1, 2001 at 11:00 a.m., local time, at
the Renaissance Hotel, 10 Broadway Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, for the
following purposes:

      1.    To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan
            of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2001, among DIANON Systems, Inc.,
            UroCor Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dianon, and
            UroCor, Inc., and approve the merger contemplated by that agreement.
            A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the joint
            proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice; and

      2.    To transact such other business as may properly come before the
            special meeting and any adjournment or postponement.

      Holders of common stock at the close of business on August 29, 2001 are
entitled to receive notice of and to vote their shares at the special meeting or
any adjournment or postponement thereof. As of that date, there were [ ] shares
of common stock outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote
on each matter properly brought before the meeting. A list of the stockholders
entitled to vote at the UroCor special meeting will be available at the special
meeting and for ten days prior to the meeting, during business hours, at
UroCor's corporate headquarters at the address set forth below.

      YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE TO ADOPT THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE MERGER, BOTH OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED IN DETAIL
IN THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

                                        By Order of the Board of Directors

                                        Bruce C. Hayden
                                        Corporate Secretary

AUGUST ___, 2001
UROCOR, INC.
840 RESEARCH PARKWAY
OKLAHOMA CITY, OK  73104

                                 -- IMPORTANT --

      Your vote is important. Please mark, sign, date and return the enclosed
proxy card as promptly as possible in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. In
this way, if you are unable to attend in person, your shares can still be voted
at the UroCor special meeting.

                                

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

                                   CHAPTER ONE

                                   THE MERGER

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER ..................................    I-1

SUMMARY .................................................................    I-6
    The Companies .......................................................    I-6
    Our Recommendations to Stockholders .................................    I-7
    Stockholder Votes Required ..........................................    I-7
    The Merger ..........................................................    I-7
    What UroCor Stockholders Will Receive ...............................    I-8
    Ownership of Dianon After the Merger ................................    I-9
    Conditions to the Completion of the Merger ..........................    I-9
    Termination of Merger Agreement .....................................    I-9
    Regulatory Approvals ................................................   I-11
    Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ..............   I-11
    Comparative Per Share Market Price Information ......................   I-11
    Dissenters' Appraisal Rights ........................................   I-11
    Interests of Officers and Directors in the Merger ...................   I-12
    Accounting Treatment of the Merger ..................................   I-12
    Opinions of Financial Advisors ......................................   I-12
    Other Dianon Annual Meeting Matters .................................   I-12

SELECTED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA ........................   I-14

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF DIANON ............................   I-15

SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF UROCOR ............................   I-16

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA ....................   I-17

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF
   DIANON AND UROCOR ....................................................   I-18

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA ..............................................   I-19

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE AND OTHER DATA ....................................   I-20

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION .............   I-21

RISK FACTORS ............................................................   I-22
    Risks Related to the Merger .........................................   I-22
    Risks Related to Our Business and Industry After the Merger .........   I-26

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..............................................   I-36

THE PROPOSED MERGER .....................................................   I-38
    General .............................................................   I-38
    Dianon Proposals ....................................................   I-38
    UroCor Proposal .....................................................   I-38
    Background of the Merger ............................................   I-38
    Dianon's Reasons for the Merger .....................................   I-48
    Factors Considered by, and Recommendation of, the Board of
      Directors of Dianon ...............................................   I-50
    Factors Considered by, and Recommendation of, the Board of
      Directors of UroCor ...............................................   I-52
    Accounting Treatment ................................................   I-55
    Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger ..............   I-55
    Regulatory Matters Relating to the Merger ...........................   I-57
    No Appraisal Rights .................................................   I-57
    Certain Litigation ..................................................   I-57

                                       -i-

    Federal Securities Laws Consequences; Stock Transfer Restriction
      Agreements ........................................................   I-58

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS ..........................................   I-58
 Opinions of Dianon's Financial Advisor .................................   I-58
 Opinion of UroCor's Financial Advisor ..................................   I-66

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER ..............................   I-75
UroCor's Arrangements With Executive Officers and Key Employees  I-75
    Ownership Of Common Stock; Stock Options ............................   I-77
    Indemnification; Directors' And Officers' Insurance .................   I-77

THE MERGER AGREEMENT ....................................................   I-78
    General .............................................................   I-78
    Closing Matters .....................................................   I-78
    Consideration to be Received in the Merger ..........................   I-78
    Treatment of Stock Options ..........................................   I-79
    Exchange of Certificates in the Merger ..............................   I-79
    Fractional Shares ...................................................   I-80
    Listing of Dianon Stock .............................................   I-80
    Covenants ...........................................................   I-80
    Other Covenants and Agreements ......................................   I-84
    Representations and Warranties ......................................   I-85
    Conditions ..........................................................   I-86
    Termination of Merger Agreement .....................................   I-87
    Amendments, Extensions and Waivers ..................................   I-89

                                   CHAPTER TWO

                             SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                  CHAPTER THREE

                    INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

Matters Relating to the Meetings ........................................  III-1
Vote Necessary to Approve Dianon and UroCor Proposals ...................  III-3
Proxies .................................................................  III-3
How to Vote by Proxy ....................................................  III-4
Other Business; Adjournments ............................................  III-5
Dianon Stockholder Account Maintenance ..................................  III-5

                                  CHAPTER FOUR

                            CERTAIN LEGAL INFORMATION

COMPARISON OF DIANON/UROCOR STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS ..........................   IV-1
    Summary of Material Differences Between Current Rights of UroCor
      Stockholders and Rights Those Stockholders Will Have as Dianon
      Stockholders Following the Merger .................................   IV-1

DESCRIPTION OF DIANON CAPITAL STOCK .....................................   IV-3
    Authorized Capital Stock ............................................   IV-3
    Dianon Common Stock .................................................   IV-3
    Dianon Preferred Stock ..............................................   IV-4
    Transfer Agent and Registrar ........................................   IV-4
    Stock Exchange Listing; Delisting and Deregistration of UroCor
      Common Stock ......................................................   IV-4

LEGAL MATTERS ...........................................................   IV-4

EXPERTS .................................................................   IV-4

                                      -ii-

                                  CHAPTER FIVE

                      OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS ...................................................    V-1
    Information Concerning Directors and Nominees  V-1
    Committees of the Board .............................................    V-3
    Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings ..........................    V-4
    Compensation of Directors ...........................................    V-4
    Voting for Directors ................................................    V-5

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS ......................................................    V-6

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ..................................................    V-7
    Compensation Committee Report .......................................    V-7
    Compensation Program Components .....................................    V-7
    Discussion of 2000 Compensation for the Chief Executive Officer .....    V-8

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE ..............................................    V-8

Performance Graph .......................................................    V-9
    Employment and Severance Agreements .................................   V-10
    Change of Control Provisions ........................................   V-11
    Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance .............   V-12
    Stock Options .......................................................   V-12

OWNERSHIP OF VOTING STOCK BY MANAGEMENT .................................   V-14

OWNERSHIP OF VOTING STOCK BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS ..................   V-15

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS ..........................   V-15

ADOPTION OF THE 2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN ...............................   V-16
    Principal Provisions of the Plan ....................................   V-16
    General Provisions ..................................................   V-16
    Discretionary Awards ................................................   V-17
    Automatic Awards to Outside Directors ...............................   V-20
    Provisions Relating to a Change of Control ..........................   V-21
    Other Provisions ....................................................   V-21
    Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences .............................   V-22
    Benefits Under the Plan .............................................   V-24
    Additional Information ..............................................   V-24

RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS' APPOINTMENT .............   V-24

AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K ..............................   V-25

                                   CHAPTER SIX

                     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

FUTURE DIANON STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS .....................................   VI-1

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION .....................................   VI-2

    THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UROCOR, INC.

ANNEXES

    Annex A   Agreement and Plan of Merger
    Annex B   Opinion of Lazard Freres & Co.
    Annex C   Opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Inc.
    Annex D   Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Dianon
    Annex E   2001 Stock Incentive Plan

                                      -iii-

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                                   CHAPTER ONE

                                   THE MERGER

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:    WHY IS DIANON ACQUIRING UROCOR?

A:    The board of directors of Dianon believes that this merger will further
      enhance Dianon's position as a leader in the full-service cancer
      diagnostics market and create a company with a leading share in the
      urology segment of this market. In addition, the boards of directors of
      Dianon and UroCor believe that the merger will:

      o     increase scale nationwide;

      o     build customer base and strengthen relationships with managed care
            customers;

      o     expand capacity with a group of board-certified, experienced
            urological pathologists;

      o     enhance technological capabilities;

      o     strengthen information databases; and

      o     present significant opportunities for earnings growth.

      For more detailed reasons for the merger, see "The Proposed Merger -
Dianon's Reasons for the Merger."

Q:    DOES UROCOR'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMEND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER
      AGREEMENT?

A:    Yes. After careful consideration, the UroCor board of directors
      unanimously recommends that the UroCor stockholders vote in favor of
      adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger. Additional
      information pertaining to the recommendation of the board of directors can
      be found under "The Proposed Merger - Dianon's Reasons for the Merger."

Q:    WHAT WILL UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS RECEIVE FOR THEIR UROCOR SHARES?

A:    UroCor stockholders will receive up to 0.4064 of a share of Dianon common
      stock for each share of UroCor common stock, subject to adjustment as
      described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. As a result of such
      adjustment UroCor stockholders will receive shares of Dianon common stock
      with a value of up to $18 in exchange for each share of UroCor common
      stock they hold, determined on the basis of the market price of Dianon
      common stock as described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

      Dianon will not issue fractional shares in the merger. As a result, the
      total number of shares of Dianon common stock that each UroCor stockholder
      will receive in the

                                      I-1

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      merger will be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and UroCor
      stockholders will receive a cash payment for the value of the remaining
      fraction of a share of Dianon common stock that they would otherwise
      receive, if any. See "The Merger Agreement--Consideration to be Received
      in the Merger".

Q:    WILL DIANON STOCKHOLDERS RECEIVE ANY SHARES AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER?

A:    No. Dianon stockholders will continue to hold the Dianon shares they
      currently own.

Q:    WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO UROCOR STOCK OPTIONS AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER?

A:    All stock options that are outstanding at the closing of the merger under
      the UroCor employee stock option plan and the UroCor non-employee director
      stock option plan will be assumed by Dianon and become exercisable for
      shares of Dianon common stock. All outstanding stock options under the
      UroCor employee stock option plan will become fully vested upon the
      closing of the merger. The outstanding stock options under the UroCor
      non-employee director stock option plan will not vest upon the closing of
      the merger. At August [ ], 2001, there were [ ] shares of UroCor common
      stock subject to issuance upon exercise pursuant to options granted under
      the UroCor employee stock option plan.

Q:    WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO UROCOR AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER?

A:    If the merger is completed, UroCor will become a wholly-owned subsidiary
      of Dianon, and UroCor's common stock will cease to be traded on the Nasdaq
      National Market.

Q:    WHAT HAPPENS IF THE MERGER IS NOT COMPLETED?

A:    If the merger is not completed, both companies will continue to operate as
      independent companies. UroCor may be required to pay a termination fee and
      certain expenses to Dianon under the merger agreement if the merger is not
      completed for certain reasons. See "The Merger Agreement--Termination of
      the Merger Agreement."

Q:    WHEN DO YOU EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

A:    We are working to complete the merger in the fourth quarter of this year.
      However, it is possible that factors outside the control of the parties
      could require us to complete the merger at a later time. We hope to
      complete the merger as soon as reasonably practicable. In addition,
      subject to certain exceptions, either Dianon or UroCor may terminate the
      merger agreement if the merger is not completed by December 31, 2001. See
      "The Merger Agreement--Termination of the Merger Agreement".

                                      I-2

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

Q:    WHAT ARE THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO STOCKHOLDERS?

A:    UroCor stockholders who exchange their shares of UroCor common stock for
      shares of Dianon common stock pursuant to the merger generally will not
      recognize any gain or loss on the exchange for United States federal
      income tax purposes, except with respect to the cash, if any, received in
      lieu of fractional shares of Dianon common stock. The merger will not have
      any tax consequences for Dianon stockholders. To review the tax
      consequences to stockholders in greater detail, see "The Proposed Merger -
      Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger".

Q:    WHAT WILL UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS' TAX BASIS BE IN THE DIANON COMMON STOCK
      THEY RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A:    Each UroCor stockholder's tax basis in his or her shares of Dianon common
      stock received in the merger will equal that stockholder's current tax
      basis in his or her UroCor common stock reduced by the amount of basis
      allocable to fractional shares for which the stockholder receives a cash
      payment, if any.

Q:    WHEN AND WHERE ARE THE STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS?

A:    The Dianon stockholder meeting will take place on October 1, 2001 at
      Dianon's headquarters at 200 Watson Boulevard, Stratford, Connecticut, at
      10:00 a.m. The UroCor stockholder meeting will take place on October 1,
      2001 at the Renaissance Hotel, 10 Broadway, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at
      11:00 a.m., local time.

Q:    WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A:    After you carefully read this document, mail your signed proxy card in the
      enclosed return envelope as soon as possible, so that your shares may be
      represented at your meeting. In order to assure that your vote is
      obtained, please vote your proxy as instructed on your proxy card even if
      you currently plan to attend your meeting in person.

Q:    CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE MAILED MY PROXY CARD?

A:    Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at
      your company's stockholder meeting. You can do this in one of three ways:

      o     timely delivery of a valid, later-dated proxy;

      o     written notice to your company's Secretary before the meeting that
            you have revoked your proxy; or

      o     voting by ballot at either the Dianon annual meeting or the UroCor
            special meeting.

Q:    WHAT HAPPENS IF I DO NOT RETURN A PROXY CARD?

A:    If you are a Dianon stockholder, the failure to return your proxy card
      could be a factor in establishing a quorum for the annual meeting of
      Dianon stockholders. If you are a UroCor stockholder, the failure to
      return your proxy card will have the

                                      I-3

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      same effect as voting against the merger.

Q:    IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY BROKER VOTE
      MY SHARES FOR ME?

A:    No. If you do not provide your broker with instructions on how to vote
      your "street name" shares, your broker will not be permitted to vote them
      on either the approval of the merger by UroCor stockholders or the share
      issuance by Dianon stockholders. You should therefore be sure to provide
      your broker with instructions on how to vote your shares. Please check the
      voting form used by your broker to see if it offers telephone or Internet
      voting. If you are a Dianon stockholder and do not give voting
      instructions to your broker, your broker may not vote your shares on the
      share issuance proposal without instructions from you, and you will not be
      counted as voting for purposes of the Dianon share issuance proposal
      unless you appear in person at the Dianon meeting with a legal, valid
      proxy from the record holder. If you are a UroCor stockholder and do not
      give voting instructions to your broker, you will, in effect, be voting
      against the merger unless you appear in person at the UroCor meeting with
      a legal, valid proxy from the record holder. You should therefore be sure
      to provide your broker with instructions on how to vote your shares.

Q:    SHOULD I SEND IN MY STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A:    No. If the merger is completed, we will send UroCor stockholders written
      instructions for exchanging their stock certificates. Dianon stockholders
      will keep their existing stock certificates.

Q:    AM I ENTITLED TO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS?

A:    No. Neither Dianon nor UroCor stockholders will be entitled to dissenters'
      appraisal rights.

Q:    WHO CAN HELP ME ANSWER MY QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MEETINGS OR THE MERGER?

A:    If you are a Dianon stockholder, and would like additional copies, without
      charge, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or if you have questions
      about the merger, including the procedures for voting your shares, or if
      you have questions with respect to the annual meeting, you should contact:

            DIANON Systems, Inc.
            David R. Schreiber
            Chief Financial Officer
            200 Watson Boulevard
            Stratford, Connecticut 06615
            Telephone:  (203) 381- 4055

      If you are a UroCor stockholder, and would like additional copies, without
      charge, of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or if you have questions
      about the merger, including the procedures for voting your shares, or if
      you have questions with respect to the special meeting, you should
      contact:

                                      I-4

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

            UroCor, Inc.
            Bruce C. Hayden
            Chief Financial Officer
            840 Research Parkway
            Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104
            Telephone:  (405) 290-4117

                                      I-5

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                                     SUMMARY

      This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To understand the merger fully and for a more complete
description of the legal terms of the merger, you should carefully read this
entire document and the documents to which we refer you. See "Where You Can Find
More Information".

THE COMPANIES

DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.
200 Watson Boulevard
Stratford, CT 06615
(203) 381-4000
Internet address: www.Dianon.com

Dianon provides a full line of anatomic pathology testing services and a number
of genetic and clinical chemistry testing services to patients, physicians and
managed care organizations throughout the United States. Dianon's principal
physician audience for these services includes approximately 50,000 clinicians
engaged in the fields of medical oncology, urology, dermatology, gynecology and
gastroenterology. Dianon is one of the leading specialized providers of anatomic
pathology testing services in the United States.

Dianon performs all testing at either its main facility in Stratford,
Connecticut or at its other facilities located in Tampa, Florida; New City, New
York; Woodbury, New York or Englewood, Colorado (the latter acquired in October
2000). Dianon provides most test results to physicians within forty-eight hours.
In 1996, Dianon opened a specimen processing facility at the hub of its
airfreight provider in Ohio in order to prepare certain specimens for more rapid
processing when they arrive in the appropriate laboratory and to improve overall
turnaround time to the physicians.

UROCOR, INC.
840 Research Parkway
Oklahoma City, OK  73104
Internet address: www.Urocor.com

UroCor markets a comprehensive range of products and services to assist in
detecting, diagnosing, treating and managing prostate cancer, bladder cancer,
kidney stones and other complex urologic disorders. UroCor's primary focus is
providing products and services to help urologists improve patient care and
outcomes while reducing the total cost of managing these diseases.

UroCor provides comprehensive diagnostic services to detect major urologic
conditions, enhance the accuracy of prognosis of individual patient's disease,
monitor the patient's therapy and identify recurrence of the disease. UroCor
manufactures ProstaSeed and acquires marketing and co-promotion rights to
urologic pharmaceutical products and selected devices. UroCor markets these
services and products directly to urologists and managed care organizations
across the United States through its urology-focused sales force.

UroCor also performs research and development work pursuant to which it
develops, evaluates and customizes new diagnostic products and technologies for
use in diagnostic service offerings and facilitates and the development and
utilization of disease databases and related information systems. UroCor
utilizes information systems to develop proprietary urologic

                                      I-6

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

disease databases and disease management models directed at improving the
diagnosis and treatment of patients. These efforts led to the development of
UroSavant (R), a proprietary service that tracks individual client's prostate
disease management data and compares results to regional and national
statistics, as well as the capability to deliver diagnostic reports to clients
via the Internet.

OUR RECOMMENDATIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS

TO DIANON STOCKHOLDERS:

Dianon's board of directors believes the merger is advisable, fair to you and in
your best interests and recommends that you vote FOR the share issuance proposal
in connection with the merger.

Dianon's board of directors also recommends that you vote FOR the election of
the directors, FOR the adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan and FOR the
proposal to approve Arthur Andersen LLP as our independent public accountants.

TO UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS:

UroCor's board of directors believes the merger is advisable, fair to you and in
your best interests and recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement and approve the merger.

STOCKHOLDER VOTES REQUIRED

FOR DIANON STOCKHOLDERS:

Approval of the share issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of at
least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of Dianon common stock,
provided that the total votes cast represent a majority of the outstanding
shares of Dianon common stock. A plurality of votes cast is required to elect
directors. Approvals of Arthur Andersen LLP as independent public accountants
and the adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan require the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shares present or represented at the annual meeting.

As of August 29, 2001, directors, executive officers and affiliates of Dianon
beneficially owned an aggregate of ________ shares, or ___ %, of Dianon common
stock.

NONE OF THE DIANON PROPOSALS ARE CONDITIONED ON APPROVAL OF ANY OTHER DIANON
PROPOSAL.

FOR UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS:

Adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger requires the
affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of UroCor
common stock.

As of August 29, 2001, directors, executive officers and affiliates of UroCor
beneficially owned an aggregate of ________ shares, or ___ %, of UroCor common
stock.

THE MERGER

Under the terms of the proposed merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dianon
formed for the purpose of the merger will merge with and into UroCor. As a
result, UroCor will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dianon.

The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully
and in its entirety as it is the legal document that governs the merger. For a
summary of the merger agreement, see "The Merger Agreement."

                                      I-7

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

WHAT UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE

As a result of the merger, UroCor stockholders will be entitled to receive, for
each share of UroCor common stock they own, up to 0.4064 of a share of Dianon
common stock, subject to adjustment as described below.

The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger, each
share of UroCor common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger, together with the associated rights issued under
the UroCor stockholder rights plan, will be converted into the right to receive
the shares of Dianon common stock and associated rights at the following
exchange ratio:

      o     If the Dianon "market price" is less than or equal to $44.29, the
            exchange ratio shall equal 0.4064; and

      o     If the Dianon "market price" is greater than $44.29, the exchange
            ratio shall equal a quotient (rounded to four decimal points), the
            numerator of which is $18.00, and the denominator of which is the
            Dianon "market price".

The Dianon "market price" will be the average daily closing price per share of
Dianon common stock as reported on the Nasdaq for the "random trading days." The
"random trading days" will be the five trading days selected by Dianon and
UroCor by lot out of the fifteen trading days ending on and including the third
Nasdaq trading day preceding the closing date of the merger.

Dianon will not issue any fractional shares in the merger. As a result, the
total number of shares of Dianon common stock that each UroCor stockholder will
receive in the merger will be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and
UroCor stockholders will receive a cash payment for the remaining fraction of a
share of Dianon common stock that they would otherwise receive, if any. See "The
Merger Agreement--Exchange of Certificates in the Merger".

Example:

      o     If you currently own 100 shares of UroCor common stock and the
            Dianon market price is equal to $44.00, then after the merger you
            will receive 40 shares of Dianon common stock and a check for the
            sale proceeds for .64 of one share of Dianon common stock, rounded
            to the nearest one cent, or, in this case $28.16. The value of the
            Dianon stock that you will receive will fluctuate as the price of
            Dianon common stock changes after the merger.

      o     If you currently own 100 shares of UroCor stock and the Dianon
            market price is $48.00 per share, then after the merger you will
            receive 37 shares of Dianon common stock and a check for the sale
            proceeds for 0.5 of one share of Dianon common stock, rounded to the
            nearest one cent, or, in this case, $24.00 in cash. The value of the
            Dianon stock that you will receive will fluctuate as the price of
            Dianon common stock changes after the merger.

On August 1, 2001, the most recent practicable date prior to the mailing of this
document, the closing price of Dianon common shares was $51.81. Based on that
Dianon closing price, the 0.4064 exchange ratio would be adjusted to become
0.3474. Applying this exchange ratio of 0.3474 to the Dianon closing price on
that date, each holder of UroCor common shares would be entitled to receive
shares of Dianon common stock with a value of $18 for each share of UroCor
common stock. The actual value of the Dianon common shares to be issued in the
merger, however, will depend on the

                                      I-8

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

market price of Dianon common stock at that time, and may be more or less than
the value given in this example. We urge you to obtain current price quotations
for UroCor and Dianon common shares.

OWNERSHIP OF DIANON AFTER THE MERGER

Dianon will issue approximately 3.8 million shares of Dianon common stock to
UroCor stockholders in the merger, assuming Dianon's July 27, 2001 closing
market price of $50.23 per share. The shares of Dianon common stock to be issued
to UroCor stockholders in the merger will represent approximately 32% of the
outstanding Dianon common stock after the merger.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

The completion of the merger depends upon a number of conditions, including the
following:

      o     adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of merger by the
            UroCor stockholders and approval of the share issuance by the Dianon
            stockholders;

      o     receipt of any material regulatory approvals;

      o     absence of any law or court order prohibiting the merger;

      o     receipt of opinions of counsel to Dianon and UroCor that the merger
            will qualify as a tax-free reorganization;

      o     material accuracy, as of the closing, of the representations and
            warranties in the merger agreement made by each party;

      o     Nasdaq listing of the shares of common stock to be issued by Dianon;

      o     no event or circumstance shall have occurred relating to any
            governmental review or inquiry concerning any product or business
            practice which is likely to have a material adverse effect on either
            UroCor or Dianon.

TERMINATION OF MERGER AGREEMENT

      Right to Terminate. Dianon and UroCor can mutually agree to terminate the
merger agreement without completing the merger, and either party can terminate
the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:

      o     the merger has not been completed by December 31, 2001 for reasons
            other than relating to regulatory approval, and, in such event, no
            later than March 31, 2002;

      o     a governmental authority or a court order permanently prohibits the
            completion of the merger;

                                      I-9

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      o     either Dianon's or UroCor's stockholders do not give the required
            approvals necessary to complete the merger; or

      o     the board of directors of UroCor authorizes UroCor to enter into an
            agreement with a third party that the UroCor board determined is a
            "superior proposal" (as defined in the merger agreement).

      Dianon may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:

      o     UroCor's board of directors either fails to recommend the merger to
            its stockholders, changes its recommendation, or fails to call a
            special meeting of UroCor stockholders to vote on the merger;

      o     UroCor or any of its directors, employees or agents breaches the "no
            solicitation" (as defined in the merger agreement) provisions of the
            merger agreement;

      o     UroCor's board of directors authorizes UroCor to accept an
            acquisition proposal (as defined in the merger agreement), or, after
            an acquisition proposal is made public, UroCor's board fails to
            affirm its recommendation of the merger with Dianon as soon as
            practicable and no later than three business days after being so
            requested by Dianon;

      o     A tender or exchange offer is commenced and the UroCor board fails
            to recommend against such offer; or

      o     UroCor breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants
            contained in the merger agreement, resulting in its failure to
            satisfy one of the closing conditions to the merger, and, if
            curable, that breach remains uncured for 30 days.

      UroCor may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:

      o     Dianon breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants
            contained in the merger agreement, resulting in its failure to
            satisfy one of the closing conditions to the merger, and, if
            curable, that breach remains uncured for 30 days.

      Termination Fees and Expenses Payable by UroCor. UroCor has agreed to pay
Dianon a termination fee of $5,128,000 and up to $1,000,000 of Dianon's expenses
if one of the following occurs:

      o     Dianon or UroCor terminates the merger agreement because the UroCor
            stockholder approval was not obtained and, prior to the UroCor
            stockholder meeting, any person shall have made or announced an
            intention to make an acquisition proposal;

      o     Dianon or UroCor terminates the merger agreement because UroCor
            enters into an agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal
            that the UroCor board concludes is a superior proposal;

      o     Dianon terminates the merger agreement because:

            o     the UroCor board fails to recommend the merger to UroCor's
                  stockholders,

                                      I-10

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                  withdraws or changes its recommendation or fails to call the
                  stockholder meeting;

            o     UroCor breaches the "no solicitation" clause set forth in the
                  merger agreement;

            o     the UroCor board approves or recommends an acquisition
                  proposal or fails to affirm its recommendation of the merger
                  with Dianon;

            o     the UroCor board fails to recommend against a tender offer for
                  UroCor stock; or

            o     UroCor breaches the merger agreement and within 12 months
                  enters into an agreement with a third party with respect to an
                  acquisition proposal; or

      o     Dianon terminates the merger agreement because any person
            consummates a tender offer or exchange offer for UroCor.

REGULATORY APPROVALS

Completion of the merger will not occur until receipt of all material regulatory
approvals.

See "The Proposed Merger--Regulatory Matters Relating to the Merger".

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

The merger has been structured as a "tax-free reorganization" for federal income
tax purposes. Accordingly, holders of UroCor common stock generally will not
recognize any gain or loss for federal income tax purposes on the exchange of
their UroCor common stock for Dianon common stock in the merger, except any gain
or loss that may result from the receipt of cash instead of a fractional share
of Dianon common stock. The companies themselves, as well as the current holders
of Dianon common stock, will not recognize gain or loss as a result of the
merger. It is a condition to the obligations of UroCor and Dianon that each
receive an opinion from its counsel that the merger will be a tax-free
reorganization for federal income tax purposes.

THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES DESCRIBED ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO SOME
HOLDERS OF UROCOR COMMON STOCK, INCLUDING SOME HOLDERS SPECIFICALLY REFERRED TO
IN "THE PROPOSED MERGER - MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE
MERGER". YOUR TAX CONSEQUENCES WILL DEPEND UPON YOUR OWN PERSONAL SITUATION.
ACCORDINGLY, WE STRONGLY URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR FOR A FULL
UNDERSTANDING OF THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU.

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

Dianon and UroCor common stock are both quoted on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbols "DIAN" and "UCOR", respectively. On June 27, 2001, the last
full trading day before the public announcement of the proposed merger, Dianon
common stock closed at $40.01 and UroCor common stock closed at $16.95. On
August 1, 2001, the most recent practicable date prior to the mailing of this
document, the closing price per Dianon common share was $51.81 and the closing
price per UroCor common share was $16.75.

DISSENTERS' APPRAISAL RIGHTS

The holders of Dianon and UroCor common stock do not have any dissenters'
appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection with the merger.

                                      I-11

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

INTERESTS OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER

When UroCor stockholders consider their board of directors' recommendation that
they vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger, UroCor stockholders should be aware that a number of UroCor officers and
directors may have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in
addition to, their interests. See "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger".

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

The merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. This
method accounts for a business combination as the acquisition of one entity by
another. The acquiring company records the acquired assets less liabilities
assumed at fair value. Any difference between acquisition cost and the sum of
the fair values of the target's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded
as goodwill.

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS

In connection with the merger, the Dianon board of directors received the
opinion of Lazard Freres & Co., Dianon's financial advisor, and the UroCor board
of directors received the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., UroCor's
financial advisor. Dianon's board of directors received the written opinion from
Lazard as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to Dianon of the
exchange ratio in the merger as of June 28, 2001, and UroCor`s board received a
written opinion from U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray as to the fairness from a
financial point of view to the UroCor stockholders of the exchange ratio in the
merger as of June 27, 2001. These opinions, which are attached as Annex B and
Annex C, respectively, set forth assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinions. We
encourage you to read these opinions in their entirety. THESE OPINIONS ARE
DIRECTED TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE RESPECTIVE COMPANIES AND ARE NOT
RECOMMENDATIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE
MERGER. THE OPINIONS SPEAK ONLY AS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DATES AND THE FINANCIAL
ADVISORS OF DIANON AND UROCOR ARE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO CONFIRM THEIR OPINIONS
AS OF A LATER DATE. FURTHER, THE DIANON AND UROCOR BOARDS OF DIRECTORS MAY NOT
NECESSARILY REQUEST THAT THEIR FINANCIAL ADVISORS CONFIRM THEIR OPINIONS AS OF A
LATER DATE.

OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING MATTERS

At the Dianon annual meeting, Dianon is also asking its stockholders to:

      o     elect eight directors to the Dianon board of directors;

      o     ratify the appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as Dianon's
            independent public accountants for the 2001 fiscal year;

      o     approve the adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan; and

      o     conduct other business if properly presented.

Approval by Dianon stockholders of these other annual meeting proposals is not a
condition to completion of the merger. Approval of the share issuance for the
merger is not a condition to approval of these annual meeting proposals.

The Dianon Board recommends that you vote FOR the election of directors, FOR the
approval of the adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan and FOR the
ratification of

                                      I-12

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

the appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP as Dianon's independent public
accountants for the 2001 fiscal year.

                                      I-13

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                SELECTED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA FINANCIAL DATA

HOW WE PREPARED THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following information is provided to aid in the analysis of the financial
aspects of the merger. We derived this information from the audited financial
statements of Dianon and UroCor for the years 1996 through 2000. The information
is only a summary and you should read it together with our historical financial
statements and related notes contained in the annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other information that we have filed with the
SEC and incorporated by reference. See "Where You Can Find More Information".

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

The merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. This
method accounts for a business combination as the acquisition of one entity by
another. The acquiring company records the acquired assets less liabilities
assumed at fair value. Any difference between acquisition cost and the sum of
the fair values of the target's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded
as goodwill.

MERGER-RELATED COSTS

We estimate that merger-related fees and expenses, consisting primarily of SEC
filing fees, fees and expenses of investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and
financial printer, and integration related costs, including among others
severance, the elimination of duplicate facilities and excess capacity, directly
related to the transaction, will be approximately $18.5 million. See notes to
pro forma financial statements in "Chapter Two - Selected Financial Data - Notes
to Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements".

                                      I-14

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                  SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF DIANON

The following selected historical financial data for each of the years ended
December 31, 1996 through 2000 has been derived from Dianon's audited
consolidated financial statements. All other historical financial data was
derived from unaudited financial statements. This information is only a summary
and you should read it together with Dianon's historical financial statements
and related notes contained in the annual reports and other information that we
have filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference. See "Where You Can Find
More Information".

                                 AS OF AND     AS OF AND
                                  FOR THE       FOR THE
                                   THREE         THREE
                                  MONTHS        MONTHS                               AS OF AND FOR THE
                                   ENDED         ENDED                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                 MARCH 31,     MARCH 31,       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2001          2000          2000          1999          1998          1997          1996
                                -----------   -----------      -----         -----         -----         -----         -----
                                (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)                  (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net revenues .............         $26.8         $22.1         $95.7         $76.1         $62.2         $60.9         $56.0

Net income ...............           2.1           1.3           6.6           4.1           3.0           3.3           2.2

Depreciation .............            .8            .7           3.2           2.8           2.6           2.9           2.1
Cash dividends paid ......            --            --            --            --            --            --            --
Working capital ..........          32.9          26.8          32.6          25.3          24.3          21.4          18.1
Total assets .............          61.1          53.2          61.8          52.1          36.7          36.9          34.5
Long-term obligations ....            .2           5.8           2.7           6.4            .1            .1            .3
Stockholders' equity .....          54.5          40.5          52.3          38.8          31.4          29.1          26.6

Per common share data:
  Basic:

    Net income ...........           .28           .18           .92           .61           .44           .51           .35

  Diluted:
    Net income ...........           .26           .17           .84           .59           .43           .48           .35

Cash dividends paid per
  share ..................            --            --            --            --            --            --            --

Weighted average shares
  used to calculate:
  Basic earnings per share
  amounts ................           7.4           7.0           7.2           6.8           6.7           6.4           6.2
  Diluted earnings per
  share amounts ..........           8.0           7.6           7.8           7.1           6.9           6.8           6.3

                                      I-15

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                  SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF UROCOR

The following selected historical financial data for each of the years ended
December 31, 1996 through 2000 has been derived from UroCor's audited
consolidated financial statements. All other historical financial data was
derived from unaudited financial statements. This information is only a summary
and you should read it together with UroCor's historical financial statements
and related notes contained in the annual reports and other information that we
have filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference. See "Where You Can Find
More Information".

                                 AS OF AND     AS OF AND
                                  FOR THE       FOR THE
                                   THREE         THREE
                                  MONTHS        MONTHS                               AS OF AND FOR THE
                                   ENDED         ENDED                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                 MARCH 31,     MARCH 31,       ------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2001          2000          2000          1999          1998          1997         1996
                                -----------   -----------      -----         -----         -----         -----        -----
                                (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)                  (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net revenues ................      $15.4        $12.0          $52.6         $45.5         $47.6         $33.0        $26.5

Net income (loss) ...........        4.0           .4           (4.8)         (4.1)         (2.5)          4.3          2.4

Depreciation and
  non-intangible amortization         .6           .7            2.6           2.9           2.6           1.6          1.1
Cash dividends paid .........         --           --             --            --            --            --           --
Working capital .............       21.1         23.6           13.4          21.6          34.5          37.4         34.9
Total assets ................       54.4         44.5           51.3          42.2          53.3          54.5         50.3
Long-term obligations .......        1.1           .4            1.2            .3            --            .2           .7
Stockholders' equity ........       39.3         38.6           35.1          37.9          48.8          50.8         45.7

Per common share data:

  Basic .....................        .41          .04           (.50)         (.41)         (.24)          .42          .27
  Diluted ...................        .38          .04           (.50)         (.41)         (.24)          .38          .24

Cash dividends paid per share         --           --             --            --            --            --           --

Weighted average shares used
  to calculate:
  Basic earnings per share
  amounts ...................        9.8          9.4            9.7           9.9          10.4          10.2          8.7
  Diluted earnings per share
  amounts ...................       10.5          9.7            9.7           9.9          10.4          11.1          9.8

                                      I-16

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

              SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following selected unaudited pro forma combined financial data has been
derived from and should be read with the Selected Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Statements and related notes in "Chapter Two - Selected Financial
Data". The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet combines the
historical consolidated balance sheet of Dianon and the historical consolidated
balance sheet of UroCor, giving effect to the merger as if it had been
consummated on March 31, 2001. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and the year
ended December 31, 2000 combine the historical consolidated statements of income
of Dianon and UroCor, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on
January 1, 2001 and January 1, 2000, respectively. The unaudited pro forma
financial statements give effect to the merger using the purchase method of
accounting. This information is for illustrative purposes only. The companies
may have performed differently had they always been combined. You should not
rely on the selected unaudited pro forma combined financial data as indicating
the historical results that would have been achieved had the companies always
been combined or the future results that the combined company will experience
after the merger.

                                      I-17

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF
                                DIANON AND UROCOR

                                         AS OF AND FOR THE     AS OF AND FOR THE
                                         THREE MONTHS ENDED        YEAR ENDED
                                              MARCH 31,           DECEMBER 31,
                                                2001                  2000
                                         ------------------    -----------------
                                           (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

  Net revenues ................               $  42.2                $ 148.2
  Net income ..................               $   3.2                $   7.5
  Per common share data:
    Net income:
    Basic .....................               $   .29                $   .70
    Diluted ...................               $   .27                $   .65

  Cash dividends paid per share                    --                     --

  Total assets ................               $ 283.4
  Long-term obligations .......               $   4.1

                                      I-18

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

Set forth below are the net income, cash dividends and book value per common
share data separately for Dianon and UroCor on a historic basis, for Dianon on a
pro forma combined basis and on a pro forma combined basis per UroCor equivalent
share. Based upon the Dianon closing price of $50.23 per share on July 27, 2001,
the exchange ratio for the business combination assumed for these purposes and
used herein is 0.3584 of a share of Dianon common stock for each share of UroCor
common stock. The Dianon pro forma data was derived by combining the historic
consolidated financial information of Dianon and UroCor using the purchase
method of accounting for business combinations as described under "Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements". The UroCor equivalent share pro
forma information shows the effect of the merger from the perspective of an
owner of UroCor common shares. The information was computed by multiplying the
Dianon pro forma information by the percentage of the total shares outstanding,
after the merger, held by former UroCor stockholders. You should read the
information below together with our historical financial statements and related
notes contained in the annual reports and other information that we have filed
with the SEC and incorporated by reference. See "Where You Can Find More
Information". The unaudited pro forma combined data below is for illustrative
purposes only. The companies may have performed differently had they always been
combined. You should not rely on this information as indicating the historical
results that would have been achieved had the companies always been combined or
the future results that the combined company will experience after the merger.

                                      I-19

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                      COMPARATIVE PER SHARE AND OTHER DATA

                                                  AS OF AND FOR THE          AS OF AND FOR THE
                                                  THREE MONTHS ENDED      YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                    MARCH 31, 2001                 2000
                                                  ------------------      -----------------------

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
Per common share data:
  Net income

    Basic ..............................                 $   .29                   $   .70
    Diluted ............................                     .27                       .65
    Cash dividends paid ................                      --                        --
    Stockholders' equity (in millions) .                 $ 260.9

DIANON HISTORICAL Per common share data:

  Net income

    Basic ..............................                 $   .28                   $   .92
    Diluted ............................                     .26                       .84
    Cash dividends
      paid .............................                      --                        --
    Stockholders' equity (in millions) .                    54.6                      52.3

UROCOR HISTORICAL Per common share data:

  Net income

    Basic ..............................                 $   .41                   $  (.50)
    Diluted ............................                     .38                      (.50)
    Cash dividends paid ................                      --                        --
    Stockholders' equity (in millions) .                    39.3                      35.1

UROCOR UNAUDITED PRO FORMA EQUIVALENTS
Per common share data:
  Net income

    Basic ..............................                 $   .10                   $   .23
    Diluted ............................                     .09                       .21
  Cash dividends paid ..................                      --                        --
  Stockholders' equity (in millions) ...                    84.3

                                      I-20

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

      Dianon common stock and UroCor common stock are each quoted on the Nasdaq
National Market. Dianon's and UroCor's ticker symbols are "DIAN" and "UCOR,"
respectively. The following table shows, for the calendar quarters indicated,
based on published financial sources, the high and low last-reported closing
prices per share of Dianon and UroCor common stock as reported on the Nasdaq.
Neither Dianon nor UroCor has paid any cash dividends over this period.

                                  DIANON COMMON STOCK    UROCOR COMMON STOCK
                                     HIGH       LOW       HIGH         LOW
                                  ---------   -------   ---------   ---------

  First Quarter ...............   $11 1/4     $8 1/4    $7 3/4      $5 11/16
  Second Quarter ..............   $10 15/16   $8 1/8    $8          $6 3/4
  Third Quarter ...............   $9 5/8      $6        $7 3/16     $4 1/4
  Fourth Quarter ..............   $9          $5 1/4    $7          $4 1/8

  First Quarter ...............   $9 1/8      $7        $6 1/2      $4 5/16
  Second Quarter ..............   $11         $8        $5 7/8      $3
  Third Quarter ...............   $11         $8 5/8    $5 1/4      $3 1/2
  Fourth Quarter ..............   $13 7/8     $9        $4 1/4      $2 3/4

  First Quarter ...............   $24 1/4     $13       $8 5/16     $3 3/4
  Second Quarter ..............   $30 1/4     $13 1/4   $5 1/4      $3 3/8
  Third Quarter ...............   $47 1/2     $25 1/8   $8 13/16    $4 3/8
  Fourth Quarter ..............   $46         $26       $9 1/4      $5 17/32

  First Quarter  ..............   $45 1/4     $20 1/2   $12 3/16    $7
  Second Quarter  .............   $47 1/4     $27       $17 13/32   $8
  Third Quarter (through August
    1, 2001) ..................   $55 1/2     $39 1/4   $17 11/16   $14 49/69

On June 27, 2001, the last full trading day before Dianon and UroCor publicly
announced the execution of the merger agreement, the last reported closing
prices per share of Dianon and UroCor were $40.01 and $16.95, respectively. On
August 1, 2001, the most recent practicable date prior to the mailing of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, Dianon common stock closed at $51.81 and
UroCor common stock closed at $16.75. Stockholders are urged to obtain current
market quotations prior to making any decision with respect to the merger.

Although dividends are subject to future approval and declaration by Dianon's
and UroCor's respective boards of directors, neither Dianon nor UroCor currently
plan to pay any dividends on their common stock until closing of the merger. The
dividend policy of the combined company will be determined by its board of
directors following the merger. In formulating this policy, we expect the board
of directors to consider various factors, including financial condition, cash
flows and earnings of the combined company.

                                      I-21

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                                  RISK FACTORS

DIANON AND UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS,
IN ADDITION TO THOSE FACTORS DISCUSSED IN THE DOCUMENTS THAT WE HAVE FILED WITH
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WHICH WE HAVE INCORPORATED INTO THIS
DOCUMENT AND THE OTHER INFORMATION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS,
BEFORE VOTING ON THE MERGER PROPOSALS.

                           RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER

THE VALUE OF DIANON SHARES TO BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER WILL FLUCTUATE.

      If the average daily closing price per share of Dianon common stock as
quoted on the Nasdaq National Market for the five trading days selected by
Dianon and UroCor by lot out of the 15 trading days ending on and including the
third trading day preceding the closing date of the merger is less than or equal
to $44.29, the exchange ratio will be fixed at 0.4064 of a share of Dianon
common stock for every share of UroCor common stock. If the average daily
closing price of Dianon common stock is greater than $44.29, the exchange ratio
shall be adjusted to equal a quotient of $18 divided by that average daily
closing price. The market prices of Dianon common stock and UroCor common stock
when the merger is completed may vary from their market prices at the date of
this document and at the date of the stockholder meetings of Dianon and UroCor.
For example, during the 12-month period ending on August 1, the most recent date
prior to the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price
of Dianon common stock varied from a low of $20.50 to a high of $55.50 and ended
that period at $51.81, and the closing price of UroCor common stock varied from
a low of $4.38 to a high of $17.69 and ended that period at $16.75. See
"Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information" for more detailed
share price information.

      These variations may be the result of various factors including:

      o     changes in the business, operations or prospects of Dianon, UroCor
            or the combined company;

      o     governmental and/or litigation developments and/or regulatory
            considerations;

      o     market assessments as to whether and when the merger will be
            consummated;

      o     the timing of the merger; and

      o     general market and economic conditions.

      Stockholders of Dianon and UroCor are urged to obtain current market
quotations for Dianon and UroCor common stock.

SHARES OF DIANON COMMON STOCK ARE SUBJECT TO DIFFERENT MARKET RISKS THAN SHARES
OF UROCOR COMMON STOCK.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of shares of common stock of UroCor will
become holders of shares of common stock of Dianon. The business, strategy,
financial condition, results

                                      I-22

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

of operations and common stock of Dianon differ in material respects from those
of UroCor. Accordingly, holders of shares of common stock of Dianon are subject
to different market risks than holders of shares of UroCor common stock. For a
description of and other information about the common stock of Dianon and the
differences between the common stock of Dianon and the common stock of UroCor,
see "Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information" and
"Comparison of Dianon/UroCor Stockholder Rights". For a description of the
business, strategy, financial condition and results of operations of Dianon, see
the discussions in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K that we have
incorporated by reference and described under "Where You Can Find More
Information".

THE MARKET PRICE OF DIANON COMMON STOCK MAY DECLINE AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER.

The market price of Dianon common stock may decline as a result of the merger
if:

      o     the integration of Dianon and UroCor is unsuccessful;

      o     we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly or
            to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors; or

      o     the effect of the merger on our financial results is not consistent
            with the expectations of financial analysts or investors.

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY INTEGRATE OUR OPERATIONS AND REALIZE THE FULL
COST SAVINGS WE ANTICIPATE.

The merger involves the integration of two companies that have previously
operated independently. The difficulties of combining the companies' operations
include:

      o     the necessity of coordinating geographically separated
            organizations;

      o     employee redeployment, relocation or severance;

      o     conversion of information systems;

      o     integration of operational processes and procedures;

      o     reorganization or closure of facilities; and

      o     relocation or disposition of excess equipment.

The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of
momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined companies'
businesses, the loss of key personnel and the inability to maintain customer
relationships. The diversion of management's attention and any delays or
difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and the integration of
the two companies' operations could have an adverse effect on the business,
results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the combined company
after the merger.

                                      I-23

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

Among the factors considered by the Dianon and the UroCor boards of directors in
connection with their respective approvals of the merger agreement were the
opportunities for economies of scale, as well as operating efficiencies that
could result from the merger. We cannot give any assurance that these savings
will be realized within the time periods contemplated or even if they will be
realized at all.

WE WILL INCUR SIGNIFICANT INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING COSTS IN CONNECTION WITH
THE MERGER.

We estimate that merger-related fees and costs, consisting primarily of SEC
filing fees, fees and costs of investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and
financial printer, and integration related costs, including among others
severance, the elimination of duplicate facilities and excess capacity, directly
related to the transaction, will be approximately $18.5 million. This amount is
a preliminary estimate and is subject to change. Additional unanticipated costs
may be incurred in the integration of the businesses of Dianon and UroCor.
Although Dianon and UroCor expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as
well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the
businesses, may offset additional expenses over time, we cannot give any
assurance that any benefit will be achieved in the near term, or at all. See
"Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements" for more detail on
the charges we expect to incur in connection with the merger.

THE MERGER MAY CAUSE DILUTION TO HISTORICAL DIANON EARNINGS.

The merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement may have a
dilutive effect on historical earnings per share of Dianon due to the additional
shares of Dianon that will be issued in the merger and that may be issued upon
exercise of UroCor options assumed by Dianon in connection with the merger. On a
historical basis for Dianon, diluted earnings per share were $0.84 for the year
ended December 31, 2000, as compared to $0.65 on a pro forma basis for the
combined company. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Statements" for additional pro forma financial information for the combined
company after the merger.

THE "NO SOLICITATION" RESTRICTIONS IN THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TERMINATION
FEE MAY DISCOURAGE OTHER COMPANIES FROM TRYING TO ACQUIRE UROCOR.

While the merger agreement is in effect, subject to specified exceptions, UroCor
is prohibited from entering into or soliciting, initiating or encouraging any
inquiries or proposals that may lead to a proposal or offer for a merger or
other business combination transaction with any person other than Dianon. In
addition, in the merger agreement, UroCor agreed to pay a termination fee to
Dianon in specified circumstances, including circumstances where a third party
acquires or seeks to acquire UroCor. These provisions could discourage other
companies from trying to acquire UroCor even though those other companies might
be willing to offer greater value to UroCor stockholders than Dianon has offered
in the merger agreement. The payment of the termination fee could also have a
material adverse effect on UroCor's financial condition.

                                      I-24

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF UROCOR HAVE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST THAT MAY
HAVE INFLUENCED THEIR OPINIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE MERGER.

You should be aware of potential conflicts of interest, and the benefits
available to directors and officers of UroCor when considering the UroCor
board's recommendation of the merger. The directors and officers of UroCor have
interests in the merger that are in addition to, or different from, their
interests as UroCor stockholders. The UroCor board was aware of these conflicts
of interest when it approved the merger. These interests relate to:

      o     Rights to accelerated stock option vesting and receipt of certain
            benefits under change in control agreements; and

      o     Rights to directors' and officers' insurance coverage and to
            indemnification with respect to acts and omissions in their
            capacities as directors and officers of UroCor.

See "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger".

PROVISIONS OF DIANON'S CHARTER DOCUMENTS AND DELAWARE LAW MAY INHIBIT A
TAKEOVER, WHICH COULD LIMIT THE PRICE INVESTORS MIGHT BE WILLING TO PAY IN THE
FUTURE FOR DIANON COMMON STOCK.

Provisions in Dianon's certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the
effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition or merger in which Dianon is not
the surviving company or which changes its management. For example, its
certificate of incorporation gives the Dianon board of directors the authority
to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights,
preferences and privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those
shares without any further vote or action by its stockholders. The rights of the
holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be harmed by, the rights of
the holders of any shares of preferred stock that may be issued in the future.
The issuance of preferred stock may delay, defer or prevent a change in control,
as the terms of the preferred stock that might be issued could potentially
prohibit its consummation of any merger, reorganization, sale of substantially
all of its assets, liquidation or other extraordinary corporate transaction
without the approval of the holders of the outstanding shares of preferred
stock. The issuance of preferred stock could also have a dilutive effect on
Dianon's stockholders. In addition, Dianon's by-laws and certain provisions of
Dianon's certificate of incorporation may be amended only by the affirmative
vote of 80% of the holders of outstanding shares of Dianon common stock. Also,
because Dianon is incorporated in Delaware, it is governed by the provisions of
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and, in addition, Dianon's
certificate of incorporation contains provisions which apply to any transactions
involving an "Interested Stockholder" (as defined in Dianon's certificate of
incorporation). These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular
those owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock, from consummating a
merger or combination involving Dianon. These provisions could limit the price
that investors might be willing to pay in the future for Dianon common stock. In
addition, Dianon's board of directors has adopted a rights plan which would have
the effect of making an unsolicited hostile takeover unlikely without the
consent of Dianon's board of directors.

                                      I-25

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

           RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY AFTER THE MERGER

CHANGES IN REIMBURSEMENT POLICIES FOR CLINICAL LABORATORY SERVICES MAY REDUCE
OUR REVENUES.

      Government payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid, as well as private
insurers and large employers, have taken steps and may continue to take steps to
control the cost, use and delivery of health care services. For the year ended
December 31, 2000, approximately 37% of Dianon's total net revenue was provided
under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The Medicare and Medicaid amounts
include the 20% co-payment and deductible normally billed to the patient when
anatomic pathology services are involved. At least 90% of the Medicare and
Medicaid net revenues are derived under the Medicare program. Any efforts on the
part of these or other payors to reduce reimbursement for our laboratory testing
services could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our operating results.

      Our business depends on continued participation in these programs and we
are generally required by law to accept reimbursement from Medicare and Medicaid
as payment in full for covered tests performed for Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries. In an effort to address increasing health care costs, legislative
and regulatory changes continue to be introduced with an objective of reducing
amounts paid for laboratory services under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.
Recent examples include:

o     federal legislation or proposed legislation to reduce ceilings on Medicare
      reimbursement for laboratory testing services;

o     changes in the number of tests which can be concurrently ordered and
      billed for;

o     limits on the ability of laboratories to bill for tests unless the tests
      are considered to be medically necessary and properly documented by the
      ordering physician; and

o     requirements in the 1997 Balanced Budget Act that the U.S. Health Care
      Finance Administration, or HCFA, conduct and complete by 2002 five
      Medicare bidding demonstrations involving various types of medical
      services. HCFA is expected to include a laboratory demonstration project
      in a metropolitan statistical area as part of the legislative mandate.
      Competitive bidding for laboratory tests is still under review. If
      competitive bidding were implemented on a regional or national basis for
      laboratory testing, it could materially adversely affect the clinical
      laboratory industry and our business.

      Due to these legislative and regulatory changes, we may receive lower
reimbursement from Medicare or Medicaid or we may not be reimbursed for a
portion of our Medicare and Medicaid related testing.

      In addition, Medicare and Medicaid recently have been denying
reimbursement in some cases for tests developed internally by laboratory
companies that are not subject to review by and therefore do not receive
marketing clearance from U. S. Food and Drug Administration. If these
occurrences continue or increase, we may receive lower reimbursement from or not
be

                                      I-26

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

reimbursed by Medicare or Medicaid for a portion of our testing services using
our internally-developed tests.

IF WE DO NOT COMPLY WITH THE STRICT FRAUD AND ABUSE LAWS APPLICABLE TO OUR
BUSINESS, WE WILL BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT PENALTIES AND POTENTIAL
DISQUALIFICATION OR EXCLUSION FROM REIMBURSEMENT PROGRAMS WHICH WOULD SERIOUSLY
HARM OUR BUSINESS.

      Existing federal laws governing Medicare and Medicaid, as well as similar
state laws, impose a variety of broadly described fraud and abuse prohibitions
on healthcare providers, including clinical laboratories. These laws are
interpreted liberally and enforced aggressively by multiple government agencies,
including the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services Office of the Inspector General, or Inspector General, and the
states. The federal government's enforcement efforts have been increasing, in
part as a result of the enactment of the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act, which, among other things, provided for the establishment of
a program to coordinate federal, state and local law enforcement programs, and
to conduct investigations, audits and inspections relating to payment for
healthcare, and for the establishment of a federal anti-fraud and abuse account
for enforcement efforts, funded through collection of penalties and fines for
violations of the healthcare anti-fraud and abuse laws. Over the last several
years, the clinical laboratory industry has been the focus of major governmental
enforcement initiatives.

      In fact, Dianon has received a subpoena dated November 14, 2000, issued by
the United States Attorney's Office for Connecticut, requesting the production
of a variety of documents, with a particular focus on documents relating to
billing for tumor biomarkers, DNA testing and screening tests. Dianon is
cooperating with the United States Attorney's Office regarding this matter,
which is in a very preliminary stage.

      Also, UroCor announced on June 29, 2001, that it had received final
judicial and governmental approvals of a tentative settlement agreement with the
United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") previously announced on February 16,
2001 concerning matters covered by the DOJ's investigation into actions of
UroCor during 1992 through 1998 in connection with billing claims submitted by
UroCor to Medicare and other federal and state insurance programs for its
diagnostics testing services. Under the final settlement agreement, UroCor
refunded the various programs a total of $9.0 million. The settlement covers
UroCor liabilities to the federal government and state insurance programs with
respect to the matters under investigation through December 31, 2000. Under the
terms of the settlement, there was no admission by UroCor of any wrongdoing in
connection with matters covered by the investigation. UroCor also has agreed to
operate under a corporate integrity agreement for a period of up to five years.
Among other things, the corporate integrity agreement requires UroCor to
cooperate with the United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of
Oklahoma in connection with a criminal investigation related to the DOJ
investigation. In addition, UroCor has incurred and expects to continue to incur
expenses relating to the DOJ investigation, including without limitation, the
administration of the DOJ settlement (including compliance with the corporate
integrity agreement), and may incur additional expenses in connection with any
related governmental investigations or proceedings (including the criminal
investigation) and any potential indemnification of legal and other fees and
costs for current and past directors, officers and employees of UroCor. UroCor
currently estimates that it could incur up to $6 million of these potential
indemnification expenses.

                                      I-27

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      Fraudulent Billing

      Of particular importance to our operations are federal and state laws
prohibiting fraudulent billing and providing for the recoupment of
non-fraudulent overpayments, as a large number of laboratories have been forced
by the federal and state governments, as well as by private payors, to enter
into substantial settlements under these laws. Government investigations of
clinical laboratories have been ongoing for a number of years and are expected
to continue in the future.

      Anti-kickback Laws

      The Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback laws prohibit intentionally
providing anything of value to influence the referral of Medicare and Medicaid
business. Most states have their own Medicaid anti-kickback laws, and several
states also have anti-kickback laws that apply to referral of all patients.
Recently, the Inspector General has provided additional guidance regarding
arrangements that may violate the anti-kickback laws. The Inspector General
concluded in a 1999 Advisory Opinion that an arrangement under which a
laboratory offered substantial discounts to physicians for laboratory tests
billed directly to the physicians might violate the anti-kickback law, because
the discounts could be viewed as being provided to the physician in exchange for
the physician's referral to the laboratory of non-discounted Medicare business,
unless the discounts could otherwise be justified. The Medicaid laws in some
states also have prohibitions related to discriminatory pricing.

      We do at times enter into discounting arrangements in billing for our
services. Depending upon the nature of any regulatory or enforcement action
taken or the content of legislation, which might be initiated to address this
issue, we could experience a significant decrease in revenue which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. The law provides for civil or criminal
penalties or exclusion from participation in Medicare and Medicaid. We are
unable to predict at this time whether any further regulatory, enforcement, or
legislative action will be taken.

      Self-Referral Prohibition

      Under another federal law, known as the "Stark" law or "self-referral
prohibition," physicians who have an investment or compensation relationship
with an entity furnishing clinical laboratory services (including clinical
chemistry and anatomic pathology services) may not, subject to certain
exceptions, refer clinical laboratory testing for Medicare patients to that
entity. Similarly, laboratories may not bill Medicare or Medicaid or any other
party for services furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral. Violation of
these provisions may result in disallowance of Medicare and Medicaid claims for
the affected testing services, as well as the imposition of civil monetary
penalties. Some states also have laws similar to the Stark law.

      We seek to structure our arrangements with physicians and other customers
to be in compliance with the anti-kickback, Stark and state laws, and to keep
up-to-date on developments concerning their application by various means,
including consultation with legal counsel. We also have a compliance committee
which meets on a regular basis to review various operations and relationships as
well as adopt policies. However, we are unable to predict how these laws

                                      I-28

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

will be applied in the future, and no assurances can be given that its
arrangements will not become subject to scrutiny under them.

      Food & Drug Administration

      Neither the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, ("FDA"), nor any other
governmental agency currently fully regulates the new tests we internally
develop. Although the FDA previously asserted that its jurisdiction extends to
tests generated in a clinical laboratory, it has allowed these tests to be run
and the results to be rendered without FDA premarket approval. However, we
cannot predict the extent of future FDA regulation and there can be no assurance
that the FDA will not consider testing conducted at a clinical laboratory to
require premarketing clearance. Hence, we might be subject in the future to
greater regulation, or different regulations, that could have a material effect
on our finances and operations.

      Fee-Splitting

      The laws of many states prohibit physicians from sharing professional fees
with non-physicians and prohibit non-physician entities, such as us, from
practicing medicine and from employing physicians to practice medicine. If we do
not comply with existing or additional regulations, or if we incur penalties, it
could increase our expenses, prevent us from increasing net revenue, or hinder
our ability to conduct our business. In addition, changes in existing
regulations or new regulations may delay or prevent us from marketing our
products or cause us to reduce our pricing.

THE CLINICAL LABORATORY INDUSTRY IS INTENSELY COMPETITIVE. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO
SUCCESSFULLY COMPETE, WE MAY LOSE MARKET SHARE.

      The clinical laboratory industry is highly competitive. This industry is
dominated by several national independent laboratories, but includes many
smaller niche and regional independent laboratories as well. Our primary
competitors include:

o     large commercial enterprises, such as Quest Diagnostics, that offer a wide
      test and product menu on a national scale in both clinical chemistry and
      anatomic pathology;

o     specialized anatomic pathology laboratories like Impath and Ameripath that
      focus on a narrow segment of the cancer diagnostic market; and

o     local pathology practices that are affiliated with medical centers,
      universities or free-standing providers.

      Our actual and potential competitors include large clinical laboratories
that have substantially greater financial, marketing, logistical and laboratory
resources than available to us, special purpose clinical laboratories that have
limited test offerings and a highly focused data product and marketing strategy
similar to ours, as well as companies that manufacture test kits and other
diagnostic tools. In addition, hospitals often compete with us by providing
routine testing services to physicians. Our estimate is that there are over
11,500 laboratories in the United States that could be considered actual or
potential competitors for the testing business of cancer-treating or
cancer-diagnosing physicians. We anticipate that competition will continue to

                                      I-29

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

increase due to factors such as the potential for commercial applications of
biotechnology and the continued availability of investment capital and
government funding of cancer related research. If we are not be able to compete
successfully with our existing and potential competitors, our business may
suffer.

IF WE LOSE OUR COMPETITIVE POSITION IN PROVIDING VALUABLE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
SOLUTIONS AS AN ANCILLARY SERVICE TO OUR CUSTOMERS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO
MAINTAIN OR GROW OUR MARKET SHARE.

      Over the past five years, we have made a substantial investment in our
information technology solutions, such as remote reporting and physician office
system interfacing, to facilitate electronic test ordering and results reporting
as a value added service for our customers. Based on management's experience in
the industry and discussions with our customers, we believe that our competitors
have not yet implemented similar information technology tools. We further
believe that these solutions are one factor considered by our customers when
selecting a reference laboratory. In the future, our competitors may offer
similar or better information technology solutions to our existing and potential
customer base. Under these circumstances we will lose this competitive
advantage, and, as a result, may be unable to maintain or increase our market
share.

WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY LITIGATION, WHICH MAY BE COSTLY TO
DEFEND AND RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT MONETARY DAMAGES.

      The development, marketing, sale and performance of healthcare services
exposes us to the risk of litigation, including medical malpractice. Damages
assessed in connection with, and the costs of defending, any legal action could
be substantial. We currently maintain insurance which we believe to be adequate
to cover our exposure in any professional liability claims and employee-related
matters which are incurred in the ordinary course of business. However, we may
be faced with litigation claims which exceed our insurance coverage or are not
covered under our insurance policy. In addition, litigation could have a
material adverse effect on our business if it impacts our existing and potential
customer relationships, creates adverse public relations, diverts management
resources from the operation of the business or hampers our ability to perform
tests or otherwise conduct our business.

IF WE DO NOT COMPLY WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS GOVERNING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF
MEDICAL INFORMATION, IT WILL ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.

      The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"),
or the Act, includes provisions that affect how electronically transmitted
patient information and claims are to be handled. The reach of these provisions
is quite broad because they apply to all health information that is or ever has
been electronically transmitted or electronically maintained by a health plan,
health care provider or health care data clearinghouse. Pursuant to the Act,
rules have been published addressing standards for electronic data formatting,
the security of electronic transmission and maintenance of health information,
and protecting the privacy of health information. Failure to comply with these
rules could result in significant civil and/or criminal penalties.
Implementation by us of the various Act requirements may take several years and
may require significant capital and internal labor expenditures by us. As the
final

                                      I-30

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

regulations implementing the Act are currently being reviewed by the Bush
administration, we cannot accurately estimate our total cost of compliance at
this time.

      In addition to the HIPAA provisions described above, there are a number of
state laws regarding the confidentiality of medical information, some of which
apply to clinical laboratories. These laws vary widely, and new laws in this
area are pending, but they most commonly restrict the use and disclosure of
medical information without patient consent. Penalties for violation of these
laws include sanctions against a laboratory's state licensure, as well as civil
and/or criminal penalties. While we believe that we are in substantial
compliance with applicable state laws concerning confidentiality of medical
information, any noncompliance by us could subject us to significant fines
and/or cause us to lose one or more of our state licenses.

OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO STRINGENT LAWS AND REGULATIONS GOVERNING CLINICAL
LABORATORIES, AND IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO COMPLY, OUR BUSINESS MAY SUFFER.

      The Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 ("CLIA") extends
federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories by requiring that they
be certified by the federal government or by a federally-approved accreditation
agency. Pursuant to CLIA, clinical laboratories must meet quality assurance,
quality control and personnel standards. Laboratories also must undergo
proficiency testing and are subject to inspections.

      The sanction for failure to comply with CLIA requirements may be
suspension, revocation or limitation of a laboratory's CLIA certificate, which
certificate is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant fines
and/or criminal penalties. The loss or suspension of a license, imposition of a
fine or other penalties, or future changes in the CLIA law or regulations (or
interpretation of the law or regulations) could have a material adverse effect
on our business.

      We are also subject to state regulation in some states. CLIA provides that
a state may adopt regulations different from or more stringent than those under
federal law, and a number of states do have their own lab regulatory schemes.
State laws may require that laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications,
specify certain quality controls, or require maintenance of certain records. We
believe that we are in compliance with federal and state laboratory
requirements, and our laboratories have continuing programs to ensure that their
operations meet all applicable regulatory requirements, but no assurances can be
given that our laboratories will pass all future licensure or certification
inspections.

FAILURE IN OUR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASE
TURNAROUND TIME, REDUCE OUR PRODUCTION CAPACITY, AND OTHERWISE DISRUPT OUR
OPERATIONS, WHICH MAY REDUCE OUR CUSTOMER BASE AND RESULT IN REDUCED REVENUE.

      Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted
performance of our information technology systems. Sustained or repeated system
failures that interrupt our ability to process test orders, deliver test results
or perform tests in a timely manner would reduce significantly the
attractiveness of our services to our customers. Our business, results of

                                      I-31

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by
any damage or failure that interrupts or delays our operations.

      Our computer systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources,
including telecommunications failures, malicious human acts and natural
disasters. Moreover, despite network security measures, some of our servers are
potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and
similar disruptive problems. Despite the precautions we have taken,
unanticipated problems affecting our systems could cause interruptions in our
information technology systems. Our insurance policies may not adequately
compensate us for any losses that may occur due to any failures in our systems.

IF WE FAIL TO DEVELOP OR ACQUIRE LICENSES FOR NEW OR IMPROVED TESTING
TECHNOLOGIES, OR IF OUR CUSTOMERS USE NEW TECHNOLOGIES TO PERFORM THEIR OWN
TESTS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY ACHIEVE OUR CORE BUSINESS STRATEGY.

      Our ability to grow our cancer diagnostic business will depend, in part,
on our ability to license new or improved testing technologies on favorable
terms. We may not be able to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements and we
cannot be certain that such arrangements will yield commercially successful
diagnostic tests. If we are unable to license these testing technologies at
competitive rates, our research and development costs may increase as a result.
In addition, if we are unable to license new or improved testing methods, our
methods may be outdated when compared with our competition and our testing
volume and revenue may be materially and adversely affected. Finally, advancing
technology may enable other clinical laboratories, hospitals, physicians or
other medical providers to perform tests in their offices or hospitals without
requiring the services of outside laboratories. If these or other advances in
technology result in a decreased demand for our services, our testing volume and
revenue would decrease.

IF PROTECTION OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY UNDERLYING OUR TECHNOLOGY AND TRADE
SECRETS IS INADEQUATE, THEN THIRD PARTIES MAY BE ABLE TO USE OUR TECHNOLOGY OR
SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES, THUS REDUCING OUR ABILITY TO COMPETE.

      We currently rely on certain technologies for which we believe patents are
not economically feasible and therefore may be developed independently or copied
by our competitors. Furthermore, we rely on certain proprietary trade secrets
and know-how, which we have not patented. Although we have taken steps to
protect our unpatented trade secrets and know-how, principally through the use
of confidentiality agreements with our employees, there can be no assurance that
these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for
any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or be
independently developed or discovered by competitors. If our trade secrets
become known or are independently developed or discovered by competitors, it
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete.

                                      I-32

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

INFRINGEMENT ON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS MAY GIVE RISE TO
COSTLY LITIGATION, WHICH MAY CAUSE US TO PAY SUBSTANTIAL DAMAGES OR PROHIBIT US
FROM PERFORMING CERTAIN TESTS.

      Other companies or individuals, including our competitors, may obtain
patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with
our ability to develop, perform or sell our tests. As a result, we may be found
to infringe on the proprietary rights of others. We could incur substantial
costs in defending any litigation. An adverse result in an intellectual property
litigation could force us to do any of the following:

o     cease developing, performing, or selling products or services that
      incorporate the challenged intellectual property;

o     obtain and pay for licenses from the holder of the infringed intellectual
      property right;

o     redesign or reengineer our tests; or

o     pay substantial damages.

      In the event that there is a successful infringement claim against us and
we fail to obtain the necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, we
may be required to reengineer our tests. Any efforts to reengineer our tests
could substantially increase our costs, force us to interrupt product sales or
delay new test releases.

OUR OPERATIONS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY THE INCREASING ROLE AND PRICING
STRUCTURE OF MANAGED-COST HEALTH CARE ORGANIZATIONS.

      We may experience declines in average revenue per test processed as
managed care organizations maintain or strengthen their significant role in the
health care insurance market.

      Traditionally, laboratory service agreements with managed care
organizations have been competitively priced due to the volume of testing
involved and the expectation that a laboratory would capture not only the volume
of testing to be covered under the contract, but also the additional
fee-for-service business from patients of participating physicians who are not
covered by the managed care plan. However, if the number of patients covered
under managed care plans continues to increase, there will be less
fee-for-service business and, accordingly, less higher margin business to offset
the lower margin managed care business. Furthermore, physicians increasingly are
affiliated with more than one managed care organization, which may decrease the
likelihood of any particular independent laboratory capturing their
fee-for-service business.

      As a participating provider in managed care plans, a physician may be
required to refer laboratory tests to specific laboratories, depending on the
plan in which each covered patient is enrolled. Laboratories that are not
authorized to perform tests under a given physician's managed care plan or plans
may also fail to capture that physician's fee-for-service business. The increase
in managed care has also slowed the growth in utilization of routine laboratory
testing services.

                                      I-33

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

THE COMPLEXITIES OF BILLING MAY AFFECT OUR REVENUE AND CASH FLOW.

      Billing for laboratory services is complicated. Laboratories have a mix of
various payors, such as individual patients, insurance companies, Medicare,
Medicaid, doctors, hospitals, laboratories and employer groups. All of these
payors have different billing requirements. Most of our bad debt expense is the
result of the inability to collect from financially impaired clients and
individual patients.

        Billing complications include, but are not limited to, the following:

o     disputes between payors as to which party is responsible for payment;

o     disparity in coverage among various payors;

o     assuring adherence to specific billing requirements;

o     complexity of billing information systems;

o     disparity in information requirements among payors; and

o     high volume/low dollar claims.

      We may experience some or all of these billing complications and do not
know what impact, if any, they would have on our financial condition and results
of operations.

THE LOSS OF ANY OUR KEY PERSONNEL COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR
BUSINESS.

      Our success depends on the managerial, marketing and scientific skills of
our senior management and other key personnel. Competition for skilled
personnel, including the skilled pathologists who are crucial to our success, is
intense in the markets in which we operate. The loss of any of these individuals
could have an adverse impact on our operations. Our ability to recruit and
retain qualified sales and marketing personnel is important to the success of
our business. To date, we have not experienced any significant problems in this
regard. However, we cannot be sure that we will continue to be able to attract
and retain these personnel.

WE RELY ON A FEW TESTS FOR A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR NET REVENUE. IF DEMAND
FOR THESE TESTS WERE TO WEAKEN FOR ANY REASON, OUR NET REVENUE WOULD DECREASE.

      A significant portion of Dianon's net revenue is derived from 10
diagnostic tests. Net revenue from these 10 tests comprised approximately 80% of
Dianon's total net revenue for the quarter ended March 31, 2001. In fact, for
the quarter ended March 31, 2001, over 40% of Dianon's net revenue had been
derived from one test, its surgical biopsy. As a result, a significant portion
of Dianon's net revenue is concentrated among these tests and in its surgical
biopsy in particular. If competing tests are introduced by competitors or demand
for these tests otherwise decreases, Dianon's net revenue would decrease.

                                      I-34

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL AND OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY LAWS AND
REGULATIONS, WE WILL BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT FINES AND SANCTIONS.

      We are subject to licensing and regulation under Federal, state and local
laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human
health and safety, including laws and regulations relating to the handling,
transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste
and radioactive materials as well as to the safety and health of laboratory
employees. Our laboratories are subject to applicable Federal and state laws and
regulations relating to biohazard disposal of all laboratory specimens and we
utilize outside vendors for disposal of such specimens. In addition, the Federal
Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive
requirements relating to workplace safety for health care employers, including
clinical laboratories, whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens
such as HIV and the hepatitis B virus.

      These regulations, among other things, require work practice controls,
protective clothing and equipment, training, medical follow-up, vaccinations and
other measures designed to minimize exposure to, and transmission of,
blood-borne pathogens. Although we are not aware of any current material
non-compliance with such Federal, state and local laws and regulations, failure
to comply could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines,
criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions, any of which could severely
impact our ability to conduct our business.

                                      I-35

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      We have made forward-looking statements in this document, and in documents
that are incorporated by reference in this document, that are subject to risks
and uncertainties. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of
each company's management. Generally, forward-looking statements include
information concerning possible or assumed future actions, events or results of
operations of Dianon, UroCor and the combined company. Forward-looking
statements include the information in this document, specifically, regarding:

o     projections

o     efficiencies/cost avoidance

o     cost savings

o     revenue synergies

o     income and margins

o     earnings per share

o     growth

o     economies of scale

o     combined operations

o     the economy

o     future economic performance

o     conditions to, and the timetable for, completing the merger

o     future acquisitions

o     management's plans

o     business portfolios

o     merger and integration-related expenses

These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words
"believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates" or similar
expressions.

We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all
forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. You should
understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed
in "Risk Factors" above and elsewhere in this document, and in the documents
which are incorporated by reference in this document, could affect the future
results of Dianon and UroCor, and of the combined company after the completion
of the merger, and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements:

Competitive Factors

o     the intense competition in the clinical laboratory sector of the
      healthcare industry;

o     the timing of the introduction of new products and services;

o     the financial resources of competitors;

o     the ability to respond to price pressures imposed by managed care groups,
      institutions and government agencies; and

o     the ability to respond to technological advances attained by competitors
      and patents granted to competitors.

                                      I-36

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

Operating Factors

o     the ability to attract and maintain new clients and commercialize
      innovative and competitive products and services nationwide;

o     the ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for new products
      and services in the United States;

o     the effect of other regulatory developments;

o     the ability to gain consumer acceptance for our new products and
      technologies;

o     the uncertainties in reimbursement rates and reimbursement coverage of
      various tests sold by us to beneficiaries of the Medicare program;

o     the uncertainties relating to states erecting barriers to the performance
      of national anatomic laboratories, together with the competitive pressures
      from small specialized laboratories and well established pathologists;

o     the ability to secure and defend intellectual property rights and, when
      appropriate, license required technology;

o     the ability to generate cash flows or obtain financing to fund growth;

o     the ability to complete and integrate appropriate acquisitions, strategic
      alliances and joint ventures; and

o     the ability to respond to unexpected safety or efficacy concerns arising
      with respect to marketed services and products, whether or not
      scientifically justified, leading to product recalls, litigation,
      withdrawals or declining sales.

Economic and Industry Conditions

o     the effect of economic conditions, inflation and interest rates;

o     the effect of changes in currency exchange rates and political and
      economic conditions nationwide; and

o     the effect of changes in laws and regulations, including changes in
      accounting standards, trade, tax, price controls and other regulatory
      matters.

                                      I-37

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                               THE PROPOSED MERGER

GENERAL

      Dianon's board of directors is using this joint proxy statement/prospectus
to solicit proxies from the holders of Dianon common stock for use at the Dianon
annual meeting. UroCor's board of directors is also using this document to
solicit proxies from the holders of UroCor common stock for use at the UroCor
special meeting.

DIANON PROPOSALS

      At the Dianon annual meeting, holders of Dianon common stock are being
asked to vote upon:

      o     approval of the issuance of Dianon common stock in connection with
            the merger;

      o     election of eight directors to the Dianon board of directors;

      o     approval and adoption of the Dianon 2001 Stock Incentive Plan; and

      o     approval of Arthur Andersen LLP as the independent public
            accountants of Dianon for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2001.

THE MERGER WILL NOT BE COMPLETED UNLESS DIANON'S STOCKHOLDERS APPROVE THE
ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF DIANON COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER. HOWEVER, APPROVAL OF
ANY OTHER MATTER TO BE VOTED UPON AT THE DIANON ANNUAL MEETING IS NOT A
CONDITION TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER.

UROCOR PROPOSAL

At the UroCor meeting, holders of UroCor common stock will be asked to vote upon
adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

THE MERGER WILL NOT BE COMPLETED UNLESS UROCOR'S STOCKHOLDERS ADOPT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE MERGER.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

      In September 1995, November 1997 and February 1998, Dianon and UroCor
executed mutual confidentiality agreements pursuant to which each party agreed
to hold in confidence information received concerning the other party in
connection with discussions between the parties concerning potential business
combination transactions. In March 1998 and April 1998, UroCor sent to Dianon
letters in which UroCor expressed preliminary interest in pursuing a business
combination with Dianon pursuant to an exchange of shares. Subsequent to
Dianon's receipt of these letters, representatives of our companies discussed
these matters. In August 1998, Dianon sent a letter to UroCor and made a public
announcement in which Dianon expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor pursuant to a cash purchase by Dianon of UroCor
common stock for $7.50 per share. Subsequent to UroCor's

                                      I-38

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

receipt of that letter, our companies held various discussions and exchanged
correspondence regarding these matters. In November 1998, we ceased these
discussions.

      At a UroCor board meeting on June 20, 2000, Michael W. George, UroCor's
president and chief executive officer, presented to the UroCor board an overview
of the company's historical, current and projected future plans for growth and
various factors enhancing and inhibiting the company's abilities and outlook to
promote future growth. In connection with that discussion, Mr. George advised
the UroCor board that the company's executive management recommended that the
company engage an investment banking firm to assist it in reviewing the
company's strategic plans for future growth. The UroCor board authorized the
company's management to continue to review these matters with the board and to
engage an investment banking firm to assist the company in the review.

      After discussion with the UroCor board members, pursuant to a unanimous
written consent of the UroCor board dated July 18, 2000, the UroCor board
engaged U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to assist the company in connection with its
review of its strategic plan for future growth.

      At a UroCor board meeting held August 15, 2000, Mr. George and the other
members of UroCor management discussed with the UroCor board the company's
review of its strategic plan. At that board meeting, representatives of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray made a preliminary presentation to the UroCor board
regarding UroCor and other companies in UroCor's industry. The U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray representatives also discussed with the UroCor board the potential
for pursuing a business combination transaction as an alternative for maximizing
stockholder value. At the meeting, the UroCor board authorized UroCor management
and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to continue to review strategic alternatives
including potential business combination transactions with other companies.

      During the latter half of August 2001, UroCor management and U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray prepared a confidential offering memorandum describing UroCor and
its business for purposes of soliciting preliminary indications of interest from
potential acquirors. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and UroCor concurrently
identified a list of several parties, including Dianon, that might be interested
in pursuing a transaction with UroCor. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray subsequently
contacted these potential acquirors. Six of the potential acquirors, including
Dianon, reviewed and executed a confidentiality agreement and subsequently
received a copy of the confidential offering memorandum.

      On September 22, 2000, representatives of Dianon and UroCor had a
conference call which involved a preliminary discussion about UroCor's business.

      On September 29, 2000 representatives of UroCor made a presentation to
representatives of Dianon, which described certain strategic, operational and
financial information about UroCor.

      On October 13, 2000, Lazard made a presentation to the Dianon board which
reviewed a preliminary valuation analysis in connection with a potential
acquisition of UroCor.

                                      I-39

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      At a special meeting of the Dianon board on October 13, 2000, the Dianon
board authorized Kevin C. Johnson, Dianon's president and chief executive
officer, to negotiate a letter of preliminary interest in pursuing a business
combination with UroCor.

      On October 16, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor. In the October 16, 2000 letter, Dianon
proposed a price of $9.50 for each share of UroCor common stock in a pooling of
interests transaction. The October 16, 2000 letter stated that any transaction
would be conditioned on the settlement of the pending investigation of UroCor by
the Department of Justice in a manner that would not be deemed to have a
material adverse effect on UroCor. The October 16, 2000 letter also stated that
any transaction would be conditioned on UroCor's share price immediately prior
to announcement of a transaction not being materially different from its October
13, 2000 closing price of $7.00. Finally, the October 16, 2000 letter provided
for UroCor to grant Dianon an exclusive period of 30 days to conduct due
diligence on UroCor.

      On October 17, 2000, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed with the UroCor
board its review of the company's strategic plan, including the status of
discussions with various parties regarding the potential for pursuing a business
combination transaction. The UroCor board also reviewed the October 16, 2000
letter from Dianon and discussed with UroCor's management and U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray the Dianon letter and the timing and scope of U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray's discussions with other companies compared to the status of the
discussions with Dianon. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray communicated that due
primarily to UroCor's pending DOJ investigation, none of the other companies
contacted were interested in pursuing a potential business combination
transaction. Following that discussion, the UroCor board authorized UroCor's
management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to communicate to Dianon and its
investment bankers that UroCor would be interested in discussing a potential
business combination transaction with Dianon subject to further discussion of an
appropriate purchase price for UroCor's shares of common stock, clarification of
certain provisions in the Dianon letter regarding resolution of the Department
of Justice matter and the removal of any conditions linking the proposed
acquisition price to changes in UroCor's common stock trading price.

      On October 20, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon again expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor. The October 20, 2000 letter superseded the
October 16, 2000 letter. In the October 20, 2000 letter, Dianon proposed a fixed
exchange ratio of 0.3038 Dianon shares for each share of UroCor common stock in
a pooling of interests transaction. This equated to a price of $11.00 per share
based on Dianon's average closing share price over the prior 30 trading days.
The October 20, 2000 letter stated that any transaction would be conditioned on
settlement of the pending investigation of UroCor by the Department of Justice
in a manner that would not have a material adverse effect on UroCor or the
combined company, as determined in Dianon's sole discretion. Finally, the
October 20, 2000 letter provided for UroCor to grant Dianon an exclusive period
of 30 days to conduct due diligence of UroCor.

      Subsequent to UroCor's receipt of Dianon's October 20, 2000 letter,
UroCor's management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Dianon's management and
Lazard engaged in various discussions regarding the provisions of that letter.

                                      I-40

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      On October 29, 2000, members of Dianon's management and several directors
of Dianon held a telephonic meeting in which Lazard presented an updated
preliminary valuation analysis of UroCor.

      On October 30, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon again expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor. The October 30, 2000 letter superseded the
October 20, 2000 letter. The terms of Dianon's proposal were the same as in the
October 20, 2000 letter, except that the October 30, 2000 letter defined with
greater specificity the term "material adverse effect" and the circumstances
under which Dianon could conclude that settlement of UroCor's DOJ investigation
could have a material adverse effect on UroCor or the combined company. The
October 30, 2000 letter also provided for a thirty-day renewal of the
exclusivity period for Dianon to conduct due diligence of UroCor if UroCor had
not settled with the DOJ and Dianon continued in good faith to negotiate a
purchase of UroCor.

      Following UroCor's receipt of Dianon's October 30, 2000 letter, UroCor's
management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Dianon's management and Lazard
engaged in various discussions regarding the terms of that letter.

      On November 2, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon again expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor. The November 2, 2000 letter superseded the
October 30, 2000 letter. The terms of Dianon's proposal were the same as in the
October 30, 2000 letter, except that Dianon agreed to notify UroCor if prior to
the end of the 30 day exclusivity period Dianon had determined not to proceed
with the transaction. After careful consideration of the Dianon letter compared
to the interests of other potential acquirors, on behalf of UroCor, Mr. George
executed the Dianon November 2, 2000 letter.

      During the week of November 6, 2000, Dianon, Lazard and Dianon's legal
counsel, Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, delivered requests for documents to be
reviewed in connection with Dianon's due diligence review of UroCor.

      During the week of November 13, 2000, representatives of Dianon, Lazard
and Cadwalader, conducted a due diligence review of UroCor in Oklahoma City.

      During the week of November 20, 2000, Dianon and representatives of Lazard
contacted UroCor and representatives of UroCor to inform UroCor of Dianon's
preliminary due diligence findings, including that any transaction would likely
not qualify for pooling of interests accounting and that the DOJ's investigation
of UroCor had not been concluded to the satisfaction of Dianon.

      On December 6, 2000, the Dianon board met and management presented the
findings of its due diligence investigation of UroCor, including that any
transaction would likely not qualify for pooling of interests accounting and
that the DOJ's investigation of UroCor had not been concluded to the
satisfaction of Dianon. Based on the recommendation of management, the Dianon
board concluded that the UroCor acquisition should not be pursued.

                                      I-41

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      On December 6, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon confirmed that Dianon and UroCor were no longer in
negotiations regarding a business combination.

      On February 16, 2001, UroCor announced that it had reached a tentative
settlement with the Department of Justice regarding the DOJ's investigation into
certain billing claims submitted by UroCor to Medicare and other federal and
state insurance programs. The settlement was subject to certain judicial and
governmental approvals.

      On February 20, 2001, the UroCor board met and management reviewed the
status of the company's evaluation of its strategic plan. During the meeting,
representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray updated the board regarding the
review of the strategic plan including the review of any potential business
combination transactions.

      During March 2001, representatives of UroCor and U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray identified another list of potential acquirors that might be interested
in a business combination transaction with UroCor. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
subsequently contacted these companies. Ten of the companies contacted either
executed or were already bound by an existing confidentiality agreement. These
parties, including Dianon, were subsequently provided with updated financial and
operation information regarding UroCor.

      On April 3, 2001, UroCor received a preliminary, non-binding indication of
interest from another potential strategic acquiror interested in pursuing a
transaction with UroCor.

      On April 6, 2001, representatives of Dianon, UroCor, Lazard and U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray held a conference call in which UroCor discussed the
status of the DOJ's investigation of UroCor and updated Dianon on UroCor's
therapeutic and diagnostic businesses.

      During the week of April 16, 2001, the other potential strategic acquiror
conducted a due diligence review of UroCor in Oklahoma City.

      On April 17, 2001, Lazard made a presentation to the Dianon board of
directors which reviewed a preliminary valuation analysis in connection with a
potential acquisition of UroCor. The board authorized Mr. Johnson to negotiate a
letter of preliminary interest in pursuing a business combination with UroCor
for a price of up to $13.00 per UroCor share.

      On April 19, 2001, the UroCor board met and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
discussed with the board the current status of its work on behalf of UroCor,
including review of potential business combination transactions. U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray reported to UroCor's board that due primarily to a lack of
strategic fit and UroCor's market value at the time, none of the other companies
contacted were interested in pursuing a potential business combination
transaction. Subsequent to that discussion, management discussed with the UroCor
board alternatives for UroCor's strategic plan including the review of potential
business combination transactions and other alternatives for growth including
initiating an acquisition strategy for both the company's diagnostic and
therapeutics businesses. In connection with that discussion, Mr. George noted
current limitations on UroCor with respect to pursuing those strategies, the
need for financing resources in connection with any such strategy and related
matters.

                                      I-42

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      On April 20, 2001, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
in which Dianon expressed its preliminary interest in again pursuing a business
combination with UroCor. In the April 20, 2001, letter Dianon proposed an
acquisition price of between $12.00 and $13.00 per share and that approximately
50% of the consideration would be paid in Dianon common stock and the remainder
would be paid in cash. Finally, the April 20, 2001 letter provided for UroCor to
grant Dianon an exclusive period of 60 days to conduct due diligence of UroCor.

      After UroCor's receipt of Dianon's April 20, 2001 letter, UroCor's
management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Dianon's management and Lazard
engaged in various discussions regarding the provisions of that letter.

      On April 26, 2001, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
in which Dianon again expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a business
combination with UroCor. The April 26, 2001 letter superseded the April 20, 2001
letter. In the April 26, 2001 letter, Dianon proposed to acquire UroCor at a
price of $13.00 per share. Dianon proposed that 60% of the consideration would
be in the form of Dianon common stock based on an exchange ratio of 0.3662 and
40% of the consideration would be in the form of cash. Dianon also stated in the
letter that it was prepared to discuss an all-stock transaction. Finally, in the
April 26, 2001 letter, Dianon reduced the exclusive period for due diligence to
30 days and agreed to permit UroCor to conduct due diligence on Dianon.

      On May 1, 2001, the UroCor board met and discussed the Dianon letter dated
April 26, 2001. At that meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray led a discussion
with the UroCor board regarding a potential business combination with Dianon and
the other potential strategic acquiror. During the meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray reported to the UroCor board that it had received an updated letter from
the other potential strategic acquiror indicating interest in pursuing a
business combination transaction at a price that was higher than its initial
indication, but still below UroCor's current market price. The UroCor board
discussed this letter with Piper Jaffray and UroCor management and, based on an
evaluation of lesser potential synergies from a combination with that company,
the lower price offered, and the other party's unwillingness to improve upon its
indication, decided not to pursue a transaction with that company at that time.
The UroCor board subsequently discussed with U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and
UroCor's management the materials presented regarding a combination transaction
with Dianon, a due diligence investigation of Dianon's business and other
matters. Following these discussions, the board authorized management to execute
the Dianon April 26, 2001 letter and to conduct a due diligence review of
Dianon. The UroCor board also directed management to review and report to the
board at the next meeting regarding the results of Dianon's due diligence review
of UroCor, the results of UroCor's due diligence review of Dianon and to discuss
further with the UroCor board the

                                      I-43

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

proposed business combination transaction and other alternatives for pursuing
growth of the company and enhancing stockholder value. Following this UroCor
board meeting, on behalf of UroCor, Mr. George executed the Dianon letter dated
April 26, 2001.

      During the weeks of May 1, 2001 and May 7, 2001, representatives of
Dianon, Lazard and Cadwalader conducted a due diligence review of UroCor in
Oklahoma City. Also during this time, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray communicated to
Lazard UroCor's concerns regarding Dianon's proposed acquisition price relative
to UroCor's current stock price.

      On May 25, 2001, the Dianon board met and discussed the potential
acquisition of UroCor. During the meeting, representatives of Lazard updated the
board on Lazard's financial analysis of UroCor. The board of directors of Dianon
authorized Mr. Johnson to increase the offer price in the preliminary indication
of interest up to $15.00 per UroCor share if necessary to continue the exclusive
period for Dianon to negotiate with UroCor.

      During the week of May 28, 2001, representatives of UroCor and U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray conducted a due diligence review of Dianon at the offices
of Cadwalader in New York City. On May 31, 2001, Dianon's legal counsel met with
UroCor's legal counsel in Stamford, Connecticut, to discuss the Department of
Justice's investigation of Dianon.

      On June 1, 2001, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to UroCor in which Dianon again
expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a business combination with
UroCor. The June 1, 2001 letter superseded Dianon's April 26, 2001 letter. In
the June 1, 2001 letter, Dianon offered a fixed exchange ratio of 0.3503 Dianon
shares for each UroCor share, which implied a price of $15.00 per share based on
Dianon's closing price on May 24, 2001. The June 1, 2001 letter provided for
UroCor to extend the exclusive period to June 8, 2001. On behalf of UroCor, Mr.
George executed Dianon's June 1, 2001 letter.

      On June 1, 2001, Cadwalader distributed a draft merger agreement to
representatives of UroCor, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and UroCor's counsel,
Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P.

      On June 5, 2001, the UroCor board met and management reported to the board
regarding the current developments in connection with UroCor's discussions with
Dianon regarding a potential business combination transaction. Management also
reported to the UroCor board regarding UroCor's due diligence investigation of
Dianon including a review of financial matters and the current DOJ investigation
of Dianon and Dianon's regulatory compliance program. Management also reported
to the UroCor board that management continued to develop strategic plan
alternatives in the event a potential business combination transaction was
determined not to be an appropriate course of action. Following these
discussions, the UroCor board authorized management to grant Dianon the
exclusive right to continue to conduct a due diligence review of UroCor through
June 21, 2001 and to continue to conduct a due diligence review of Dianon and to
negotiate the proposed definitive terms of a business combination agreement.

      On June 6, 2001, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to UroCor in which Dianon again
expressed its interest in pursuing a business combination with UroCor. The June
6, 2001 letter superseded Dianon's June 1, 2001 letter. The terms of Dianon's
proposal were the same as in the June 1,

                                      I-44

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

2001 letter, except that the June 6, 2001 letter provided for an exclusive
period until June 15, 2001. On behalf of UroCor, Mr. George executed Dianon's
June 6, 2001 letter.

      From June 8, 2001 through the week of June 11, 2001, management of Dianon
and UroCor negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and worked with
representatives of Lazard, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Cadwalader and Fulbright
to prepare revised drafts of the merger agreement.

      On June 15, 2001, Cadwalader distributed to the Dianon board the current
draft of the merger agreement and a memo summarizing the terms of the
transaction.

      On June 16, 2001, at 7:30 a.m. E.D.T., the Dianon board held a telephonic
meeting during which the UroCor merger was discussed. During the board meeting,
(a) Dianon management updated the Board on the status of the negotiations with
UroCor, (b) representatives of Lazard made a presentation regarding the
financial terms of the merger and gave their preliminary oral opinion that the
exchange ratio (as defined in the draft merger agreement) was fair to Dianon
from a financial point of view, (c) Cadwalader summarized the terms of the
current draft of the merger agreement, (d) extensive discussion occurred among
the directors, management and Dianon's advisors regarding the potential
transaction, and (e) after such discussion, the Board authorized management to
finalize the exchange ratio being offered to UroCor's stockholders, and to
potentially increase such exchange ratio if (i) necessary to finalize the
agreement and (ii) management was able to negotiate a limit on the exchange
ratio such that the maximum price paid for each UroCor share would not exceed
$17.00 per share.

      During the weekend of June 16, 2001, management of Dianon and UroCor
negotiated the terms of the merger agreement and worked with representatives of
Lazard, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Cadwalader and Fulbright to prepare revised
drafts of the merger agreement and the schedules and exhibits thereto.

      On June 17, 2001 at 8:00 a.m., C.D.T., the UroCor board held a special
telephonic meeting during which the Dianon merger was discussed. During the
board meeting, (a) UroCor management and representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray updated the board on the status of the negotiations with Dianon, (b)
Fulbright summarized the terms of the current draft of the merger agreement, (c)
representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray made a presentation regarding the
financial terms of the merger and gave its oral opinion that, as of such date,
the exchange ratio (as defined in the draft merger agreement) was fair to the
UroCor stockholders from a financial point of view, (d) UroCor management
reported to the board regarding alternative strategic options for enhancing
stockholder value and compared and contrasted these alternatives with the
alternative represented by the potential Dianon merger transaction, (e)
extensive discussion occurred among the directors, management and UroCor's
advisors regarding the potential transaction and (f) after such discussions, the
UroCor board appointed directors Michael R. Miller, and Michael W. George, and
senior vice president and chief financial officer, Bruce C. Hayden, as a special
negotiating committee to negotiate with Dianon with respect to the provisions in
the draft merger agreement regarding the treatment of the UroCor employee stock
options and the proposed maximum consideration of $17.00 per share.

                                      I-45

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      On June 17, 2001, at 7:00 p.m., E.D.T., the Dianon board held a special
telephonic meeting during which the UroCor merger was discussed. During the
board meeting, (a) Dianon management and representatives of Lazard updated the
board on the status of the negotiations with UroCor, including the proposed
"agreement in principle" that management had reached with UroCor management
regarding an exchange ratio of 0.4064, limited to a maximum value of $17.00 per
share, (b) representatives of Lazard gave their oral opinion that the exchange
ratio of 0.4064 as defined in the merger agreement distributed to the Dianon
board on June 17, 2001 by Cadwalader is fair to Dianon's stockholders from a
financial point of view, (c) discussion occurred among the directors, management
and the Company's advisors regarding the potential transaction, and (d) the
Board authorized management to enter into the merger agreement substantially in
the form distributed to the Board on June 17, 2001 by Cadwalader, with such
changes as management may approve.

      On the evening of June 17, 2001, following the Dianon board meeting,
Dianon management determined not to proceed with the merger based on its review
of the estimates provided by UroCor of the transaction fees and bonuses that
UroCor would pay in conjunction with the merger.

      On June 17, 2001 at 9:00 p.m., C.D.T., the UroCor board held a special
telephonic meeting during which the special negotiating committee appointed at
the meeting earlier that morning reported with respect to resolution of the
stock option matters and the review of the appropriateness of the proposed
maximum exchange ratio value of $17.00 per share. UroCor management also
reported to the board that subsequent to the meeting held earlier that morning
Dianon had notified UroCor's management of Dianon's concern regarding the
estimated amount of the potential transaction fees payable by UroCor in
conjunction with the merger, and the amounts payable after the closing of the
transaction in connection with the change in control agreements entered into
between UroCor and certain employees of the company. The UroCor board discussed
these matters extensively. After that discussion, representatives of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray reaffirmed to the UroCor board its oral opinion that, as
of such date, the exchange ratio (as defined in the draft merger agreement) was
fair to the UroCor stockholders from a financial point of view. Thereafter, the
UroCor board appointed Messrs. Miller and George as a special committee of the
UroCor board to act on behalf of the board with respect to any negotiation for
resolution of the issues identified by Dianon with respect to the transaction
fees and the estimated change in control agreement payments. Subject to the
approval of the special committee of the resolution of these issues, the UroCor
board authorized management to finalize and execute the merger agreement
substantially in the form distributed to the board on June 17, 2001, with such
changes as UroCor's management may approve.

      During the week of June 18, 2001, representatives of Dianon, UroCor,
Lazard, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Cadwalader and Fulbright discussed the
issues regarding the transaction fees and employee bonuses that UroCor would pay
in conjunction with the merger.

      On June 21, 2001, the UroCor board met and discussed current developments
with respect to the Dianon transaction. At that meeting, representatives of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray reported to the board regarding its discussions with
Lazard who informed U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray that Dianon was continuing to
review various issues with respect to UroCor and intended to communicate with
UroCor at the conclusion of their review. Also at such meeting, UroCor

                                      I-46

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

management presented to the UroCor board an overview of UroCor's historical,
current and projected future plans for growth and various factors enhancing and
inhibiting the company's abilities and outlook for future growth. In connection
with that discussion, UroCor's management discussed a potential approach
pursuant to which UroCor would attempt to achieve growth by conducting an
acquisition program with respect to both its diagnostics and therapeutics
business. After the discussion, the UroCor directors authorized UroCor's
management to proceed to develop in further detail the proposed acquisition
strategy for further review by the directors pending resolution of the current
discussions with Dianon.

      On June 25, 2001, representatives of UroCor and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
and Dianon and Lazard agreed on the amount of certain transaction fees and
employee bonuses that would be paid by UroCor in conjunction with the merger.
UroCor's representatives also asked for an increase in the limit on the maximum
value of the exchange ratio such that the maximum price per UroCor share would
be valued at greater than $17.00.

      On June 26, 2001, at 12:05 p.m., E.D.T., the Dianon board held a special
telephonic meeting during which the UroCor merger was discussed. During the
Board meeting, (a) Dianon management updated the Board on the status of the
negotiations with UroCor, including UroCor's agreement to reduce certain
transaction fees and bonuses and UroCor's request to increase the maximum limit
on the exchange ratio, (b) discussion occurred among the directors, management
and the Company's advisors regarding the potential transaction and (c) the Board
authorized management to increase the maximum limit on the exchange ratio to
$18.00, and otherwise to finalize and execute the merger agreement substantially
in the form distributed to the Board on June 17, 2001 by Cadwalader, with such
changes as management may approve.

      On June 27, 2001 at 9:00 p.m., C.D.T., the UroCor board held a special
telephonic meeting during which the Dianon transaction was discussed. During the
meeting, (a) UroCor management updated the board on the status of the
negotiations with Dianon subsequent to the UroCor board meeting on June 21,
2001, (b) representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed the changes in
the financial terms of the transaction since the prior meetings of the UroCor
board, including the exchange ratio of 0.4064 and an increase in the maximum
limit on the exchange ratio to $18.00 per share, (c) representatives of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray made a presentation regarding the proposed financial terms
of the merger and gave its oral opinion that, as of such date, the increased
exchange ratio was fair to the stockholders of UroCor from a financial point of
view, (d) Fulbright summarized the terms of the revised merger agreement, (e)
extensive discussion occurred among the directors, management and UroCor's
advisors regarding the revised terms of the potential transaction and (f) the
UroCor board authorized UroCor management to enter into the merger agreement
substantially in the form that had been forwarded by Dianon's counsel, with such
changes as management may approve.

      During the day and evening of June 27, 2001, representatives of Dianon,
UroCor, Lazard, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Cadwalader and Fulbright negotiated
the final form of the merger agreement. Dianon and UroCor signed the merger
agreement in the early morning hours of June 28, 2001 and a press release
announcing the transaction was issued on the morning of June 28, 2001.

                                      I-47

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

DIANON'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

The following discussion of Dianon's reasons for the merger contains a number of
forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of Dianon with respect
to future events that may have an effect on the future financial performance of
the combined company. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the
results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Cautionary
statements that identify important factors that could cause or contribute to
differences in results and outcomes include those discussed in "Forward Looking
Information" and "Risk Factors."

      Dianon believes that a combination of Dianon and UroCor will create a
leading national full-service cancer diagnostics company, with a leading market
share in the urology segment of this market, and with greater diversity, breadth
and financial resources, that will have the opportunity to enhance stockholder
value in ways that are unlikely to be achieved by Dianon or UroCor alone.
Specifically, Dianon believes that the combined company would be uniquely
positioned to realize:

      o     enhanced revenue potential;

      o     significant cost savings;

      o     more comprehensive customer base and strengthened relationship with
            managed care customers;

      o     enhanced technological capabilities;

      o     the benefits of combining Dianon's and UroCor's complementary
            services and products;

      o     Dianon's long term business strategy of adding complementary
            businesses that broaden Dianon's leading laboratory services,
            technology and market presence; and

      o     greater stockholder value.

      Dianon believes that the acquisition of UroCor by Dianon will result in
the combined company becoming a leader in the growing field of cancer
diagnostics in the country, with more than $180 million of annual revenues,
EBITDA potentially exceeding $45 million, no debt and approximately 12 million
outstanding shares, in each case on a pro forma basis in 2002.

      The consensus estimates for the combined company for the base business and
the expected long-term earnings per share growth rate is 30% per annum. The
Dianon board believes that the inherent operating leverage in Dianon's business
will allow for significant selling, general and administrative ("SG&A")
synergies to be realized with the acquisition of UroCor. Dianon expects the cost
synergies to be completed during the second quarter of 2002, providing $0.07 to
$0.12 earnings per share accretion in 2002. Further, Dianon anticipates $0.15 to
$0.25

                                      I-48

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

earnings per share accretion in 2003. Dianon expects its cash flow to
significantly strengthen in the near future, with 2002 EBITDA potentially
exceeding $45 million.

      Dianon and UroCor share common operating philosophies, including the same
strong commitment to technological innovation, diagnostic excellence and
customer service. In addition, both companies have effective marketing programs
focused on the urology community that, together with Dianon's comprehensive
suite of services to other physician specialties, will strengthen the merged
company's position as a leader in the area of cancer diagnostics. Dianon
believes that the combined sales teams, comprised of highly experienced,
technically trained representatives, will play a key role in growing the
combined company's business and serving their customers. Moreover, this
combination will provide synergistic opportunities that will strengthen Dianon's
strategic position and earnings growth opportunity going forward.

      After the transaction, Dianon will have a more extensive network of
laboratories and a direct sales and marketing presence in all key markets
nationwide. Dianon expects to generate significant net cost savings through
elimination of redundancies between Dianon and UroCor and sharing of
competencies in core areas. Dianon's management expects that these net pre-tax
savings will exceed $10 million annually after three years.

      In addition, Dianon believes that the acquisition of UroCor will:

      o     create a company with a leadership position in cancer diagnostics;

      o     provide Dianon with a complementary market share and geographical
            reach in the urology segment of the diagnostic laboratory market, as
            well as access to more than 5,000 urologists nationwide;

      o     broaden and deepen Dianon's product portfolio;

      o     leverage SG&A infrastructure to drive Dianon's earnings growth;

      o     provide strong cash flow to reinvest in growth opportunities;

      o     increase Dianon's outstanding shares by approximately 50%, promoting
            improved liquidity;

      o     provide Dianon with a competitive advantage in managed care
            contracting environment;

      o     enhance Dianon's growth prospects; and

      o     create one of the largest cancer diagnostic databases.

                                      I-49

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

FACTORS CONSIDERED BY, AND RECOMMENDATION OF, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DIANON

At its meeting on June 26, 2001, Dianon's board of directors:

      o     determined that the merger agreement and the merger are advisable
            and fair to, and in the best interests of, Dianon and its
            stockholders; and

      o     recommended that the Dianon stockholders vote FOR the approval of
            the issuance of Dianon common stock in the merger.

In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, Dianon's
board of directors consulted with Dianon's management, as well as its outside
legal counsel and its financial advisors, and considered the following material
factors:

      (1)   information concerning the financial performance and condition,
            results of operations, asset quality, prospects and businesses of
            each of Dianon and UroCor as separate entities and on a combined
            basis, including:

            o     the revenues of the companies, their complementary businesses
                  and the potential for cost savings and revenue enhancement;

            o     the recent and historical stock price performance of Dianon
                  common stock and UroCor common stock; and

            o     the percentage of the combined company Dianon's stockholders
                  would own following the merger.

      (2)   the importance of market position, significant scale and scope and
            financial resources to a company's ability to compete effectively in
            the changing environment in the anatomic pathology testing market,
            and the fact that the strategic combination of Dianon's and UroCor's
            businesses would create one of the nation's leading cancer
            diagnostics companies, particularly in the urology segment of the
            this market;

      (3)   the strategic nature of the transaction, which combines Dianon's and
            UroCor's complementary businesses, and creates a broader company
            with enhanced national reach and greater resources, enhanced future
            operating flexibility and increased opportunity for growth;

      (4)   the potential benefits to be derived from a combination of the two
            companies as described under "The Proposed Merger--Our Reasons for
            the Merger", including potential cost savings and efficiencies that
            would result from the merger;

      (5)   the current industry, economic and market conditions and trends,
            including the likelihood of continuing consolidation and increasing
            competition in the medical laboratory industry;

                                      I-50

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      (6)   the nature of existing services and products to be sold by the
            combined company and the fact that the customer base to be served
            will be broader and more diverse;

      (7)   the merger will present the opportunity for the stockholders of
            Dianon to participate in a larger company with a more diversified
            product line and, as stockholders of the combined company, benefit
            from future growth of the combined company;

      (8)   the exchange ratio will enable Dianon stockholders to own
            approximately 65% of the outstanding stock of the combined company;

      (9)   the analyses, presentations and opinion of Lazard to the effect
            that, as of the date of the opinion and subject to the matters set
            out in its opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a financial
            point of view to Dianon, which is described below, under "Opinions
            of Financial Advisors--Opinion of Dianon's Financial Advisor";

      (10)  the structure of the transaction as a tax-free reorganization for
            United States federal income tax purposes;

      (11)  the terms of the merger agreement regarding third party proposals,
            including the potential payment by UroCor of a termination fee to
            Dianon, and that the merger is conditioned on certain government
            proceedings relating to UroCor being fully and completely resolved,
            which is discussed under "The Proposed Merger - Certain Litigation";

      (12)  the ability to consummate the merger, including the conditions to
            the merger requiring receipt of necessary regulatory approvals in
            accordance with the terms of the merger agreement;

      (13)  the challenges of combining the businesses of two public companies
            and the risks of diverting management resources for an extended
            period of time;

      (14)  the board of directors' continuing belief in the stockholder value
            opportunity represented by the strategic path the board had
            previously chosen and the unique implementation opportunity
            presented by the definitive transaction terms with UroCor; and

      (15)  the opportunity for Dianon stockholders to vote on the share
            issuance with UroCor.

In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information considered,
Dianon's board of directors did not find it practicable to and did not quantify,
rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered
in reaching its decision. The determination was made after consideration of all
of the factors as a whole. In addition, individual members of Dianon's board of
directors may have given different weights to different factors.

                                      I-51

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

Dianon's board of directors considered all these factors in reaching the
conclusions and recommendations described above. These factors generally figured
positively, as advantages or opportunities, with the following exceptions:

      o     the factors described in (11), which figured negatively as a
            drawback, but which the Dianon board of directors felt was
            outweighed by the other benefits of the transaction; and

      o     the factor described in (13), which figured negatively as a risk,
            although one which the Dianon board of directors felt could be
            managed successfully by Dianon management.

For additional information concerning the matters discussed, and the conclusions
reached, at various meetings of Dianon's board of directors held between October
13, 2000 and June 26, 2001, see "Background of the Merger".

THE DIANON BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE
MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND BELIEVES THAT THE
TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, DIANON AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS. THE DIANON BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF
THE STOCK ISSUANCE PROPOSAL.

FACTORS CONSIDERED BY, AND RECOMMENDATION OF, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF UROCOR

At its meeting on June 27, 2001, the UroCor board of directors:

      o     determined that the merger agreement and the merger with Dianon are
            advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of, UroCor and its
            stockholders;

      o     approved the merger agreement with Dianon;

      o     directed that the proposed transaction be submitted for
            consideration by the UroCor stockholders; and

      o     recommended that the UroCor stockholders vote FOR adoption of the
            merger and approval of the merger agreement.

      In the course of reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement,
the UroCor board of directors consulted with UroCor's management, as well as its
legal counsel and financial advisors, and considered the following material
factors:

                                      I-52

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      (1)   information concerning the financial performance and condition,
            results of operations, asset quality, prospects and businesses of
            each of Dianon and UroCor as separate entities and on a combined
            basis, including:

            o     the revenues of the companies, their complementary businesses
                  and the potential for cost savings and revenue enhancement;

            o     the recent and historical stock price performance of Dianon
                  common stock and UroCor common stock; and

            o     the percentage of the common stock of Dianon that UroCor
                  stockholders would own following the merger.

      (2)   the importance of market position, significant scale and scope and
            financial resources to a company's ability to compete effectively in
            the changing environment in the anatomic pathology testing market;

      (3)   the strategic nature of the transaction, which combines Dianon's and
            UroCor's complementary businesses, and creates a broader company
            with enhanced national reach and greater resources, enhanced future
            operating flexibility and increased opportunity for growth;

      (4)   the potential limitations for future growth arising from UroCor's
            focus solely in urology, specifically with respect to the industry
            trend for diagnostic services payors to contract with more
            broad-based providers of these services and the concomitant
            restrictions on UroCor's ability to obtain preferred or exclusive
            contracts with such payors;

      (5)   UroCor's determination that in the absence of a business combination
            transaction, the company's ability to achieve long-term growth would
            require expansion of its business into different disease states,
            such as those in which Dianon already conducts business, and that
            UroCor's ability to achieve such growth would require significant
            capital costs and incurrence of significant financial resources;

      (6)   UroCor's assessment of risks in achieving growth through expanding
            its therapeutic products business;

      (7)   the current industry, economic and market conditions and trends,
            including the likelihood of continuing consolidation and increasing
            competition in the medical laboratory industry;

      (8)   the nature of existing services and products to be sold by the
            combined company and the fact that the customer base to be served
            will be broader and more diverse;

      (9)   the merger will present the opportunity for the stockholders of
            UroCor to participate in a larger company with a more diversified
            product line and, as stockholders of the combined company, benefit
            from future growth of the combined company;

                                      I-53

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      (10)  the fact that the exchange ratio (based on Dianon's trading price at
            the close of business on June 27, 2001, the last trading day before
            the execution of the merger agreement was announced) represented a
            premium of 32% over UroCor's 90-day average stock price.

      (11)  the exchange ratio will enable UroCor stockholders to own
            approximately 35% of the outstanding stock of the combined company;

      (12)  the analyses, presentations and opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper
            Jaffray to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and
            subject to the matters set out in its opinion, the exchange ratio
            was fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of
            UroCor, which is described below, under "Opinion of Financial
            Advisors -- Opinion of UroCor's Financial Advisor";

      (13)  the structure of the transaction as a tax-free reorganization for
            United States federal income tax purposes;

      (14)  the terms of the merger agreement regarding third party proposals,
            including the potential payment by UroCor of a termination fee to
            Dianon, and that the merger is conditioned on certain government
            proceedings relating to UroCor being fully and completely resolved;

      (15)  the headquarters of the combined company will remain at Stratford,
            Connecticut and Dianon shall maintain a facility at UroCor's former
            headquarters in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma;

      (16)  the ability to consummate the merger, including the conditions to
            the merger requiring receipt of necessary regulatory approvals in
            accordance with the terms of the merger agreement;

      (17)  the opportunity for UroCor stockholders to vote on the proposed
            merger with Dianon.

THE UROCOR BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT, THE
MERGER AND THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY AND BELIEVES THAT THE
TERMS OF THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, UROCOR AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS. THE UROCOR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR ADOPTION OF
THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND APPROVAL OF THE MERGER CONTEMPLATED BY THE
AGREEMENT.

                                      I-54

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                              ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

The merger will be accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. This
method accounts for a business combination as the acquisition of one entity by
another. The acquiring company records the acquired assets less liabilities
assumed at fair value. Any difference between acquisition cost and the sum of
the fair values of the target's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded
as goodwill.

             MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

The following are the material United States federal income tax consequences of
the merger. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, applicable Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations and
court decisions as in effect as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.

This discussion only addresses shares of UroCor common stock held as capital
assets. It does not address all aspects of federal income taxation that may be
relevant to a stockholder of UroCor in light of that stockholder's particular
circumstances or to a UroCor stockholder subject to special rules, such as:

      o     a stockholder who is not a citizen or resident of the United States;

      o     a stockholder that is a foreign corporation, foreign estate or
            foreign trust;

      o     a financial institution or insurance company; o a tax-exempt
            organization;

      o     a dealer or broker in securities;

      o     a stockholder that holds its UroCor common stock as part of a hedge,
            appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion transaction;
            or

      o     a stockholder that acquired its UroCor common stock pursuant to the
            exercise of options or otherwise as compensation.

      Tax Opinions. Dianon has received an opinion of Cadwalader, Wickersham &
Taft, and UroCor has received an opinion of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P.
(together with Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, "outside tax counsel"), that the
merger will be treated for United States federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code
and that Dianon, Dianon merger subsidiary and UroCor will each be a party to
that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue
Code. It is a condition to the obligation of each of Dianon and UroCor to
complete the merger that the relevant outside tax counsel confirm its opinion as
of the closing date. Neither Dianon nor UroCor intends to waive this condition.

                                      I-55

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

The opinions of outside tax counsel regarding the merger have relied, and the
opinions regarding the merger as of the closing date (the "closing date
opinions") will each rely, on (1) representations and covenants made by Dianon,
the Dianon merger subsidiary and UroCor, including those contained in
certificates of officers of Dianon, the Dianon merger subsidiary and UroCor, and
(2) specified assumptions, including an assumption regarding the completion of
the merger in the manner contemplated by the merger agreement. In addition, the
opinions of outside tax counsel have assumed, and outside tax counsel's ability
to provide the closing date opinions will depend on, the absence of changes in
existing facts or in law between the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the closing date. If any of those representations,
covenants or assumptions is inaccurate, either or both outside tax counsel may
not be able to render the required closing date opinions or the tax consequences
of the merger could differ from those discussed here or described in the
opinions that outside tax counsel have delivered. Opinions of outside tax
counsel neither bind the IRS nor preclude the IRS or the courts from adopting a
contrary position. Dianon and UroCor do not intend to obtain a ruling from the
IRS on the tax consequences of the merger.

      Federal Income Tax Treatment of the Merger. The merger will be treated for
federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and Dianon, UroCor and the Dianon merger
subsidiary will each be a party to that reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. None of Dianon, the Dianon merger
subsidiary and UroCor will recognize any gain or loss for federal income tax
purposes as a result of the merger.

      Federal Income Tax Consequences to UroCor Stockholders. For federal income
tax purposes:

      o     A holder of UroCor common stock will not recognize any gain or loss
            upon the exchange of that stockholder's shares of UroCor common
            stock for shares of Dianon common stock in the merger.

      o     To the extent that a holder of UroCor common stock receives cash
            instead of a fractional share of Dianon common stock, the holder
            will be required to recognize gain or loss, measured by the
            difference between the amount of cash received and the portion of
            the tax basis of that holder's shares of UroCor common stock
            allocable to that fractional share of Dianon common stock. This gain
            or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital
            gain or loss if the holding period for the share of UroCor common
            stock exchanged for the fractional share of Dianon common stock was
            more than one year at the effective time of the merger.

      o     A holder of UroCor common stock will have a tax basis in the Dianon
            common stock received in the merger equal to (1) the tax basis of
            the UroCor common stock surrendered by that holder in the merger,
            less (2) any tax basis of the UroCor common stock surrendered that
            is allocable to a fractional share of Dianon common stock for which
            cash is received.

                                      I-56

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      o     The holding period for shares of Dianon common stock received in
            exchange for shares of UroCor common stock in the merger will
            include the holding period for the shares of UroCor common stock
            surrendered in the merger.

      Federal Income Tax Consequences to Dianon Stockholders. There will be no
federal income tax consequences to a holder of Dianon capital stock as a result
of the merger.

This discussion is intended to provide only a general summary of the material
federal income tax consequences of the merger, and is not a complete analysis or
description of all potential federal income tax consequences of the merger. This
discussion does not address tax consequences that may vary with, or are
contingent on, individual circumstances. In addition, it does not address any
non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences of the merger.
ACCORDINGLY, WE STRONGLY URGE EACH STOCKHOLDER OF UROCOR TO CONSULT HIS OR HER
TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR
FOREIGN INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THAT STOCKHOLDER OF THE MERGER.

                    REGULATORY MATTERS RELATING TO THE MERGER

Neither Dianon nor UroCor are required to obtain any material regulatory
consents or approvals to conclude the merger. Although Dianon and UroCor are not
required to file notification and report forms under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, with the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of
Justice, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger on antitrust
grounds will not be made or, if a challenge is made, that it would not be
successful. Federal and state antitrust authorities and private parties in
certain circumstances may bring legal action under the antitrust laws seeking to
enjoin the merger or seeking conditions.

                               NO APPRAISAL RIGHTS

Holders of UroCor common stock do not have dissenters' appraisal rights under
Delaware law that would give them the right to obtain the payment of cash in
exchange for their UroCor common stock as a result of the merger. Holders of
Dianon common stock are also not entitled to dissenters' appraisal rights under
Delaware law in connection with the merger.

                               CERTAIN LITIGATION

UroCor announced on June 29, 2001, that it had received final judicial and
governmental approvals of a tentative settlement agreement with the United
States Department of Justice ("DOJ") previously announced on February 16, 2001
concerning matters covered by the DOJ's investigation into actions of UroCor
during 1992 through 1998 in connection with billing claims submitted by UroCor
to Medicare and other federal and state insurance programs for its diagnostics
testing services. Under the final settlement agreement, UroCor refunded the
various programs a total of $9.0 million. The settlement covers UroCor
liabilities to the federal government and state insurance programs with respect
to the matters under investigation through December 31, 2000. Under the terms of
the settlement, there was no admission by UroCor of any wrongdoing in connection
with matters covered by the investigation. UroCor also has agreed to operate
under a corporate integrity agreement for a period of up to five years. Among

                                      I-57

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

other things, the corporate integrity agreement requires UroCor to cooperate
with the United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Oklahoma in
connection with a criminal investigation related to the DOJ investigation. In
addition, UroCor has incurred and expects to continue to incur expenses relating
to the DOJ investigation, including without limitation, the administration of
the DOJ settlement (including compliance with the corporate integrity
agreement), and may incur additional expenses in connection with any related
governmental investigations or proceedings (including the criminal
investigation) and any potential indemnification of legal and other fees and
costs for current and past directors, officers and employees of UroCor. UroCor
currently estimates that it could incur up to $6 million of these potential
indemnification expenses.

   FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; STOCK TRANSFER RESTRICTION AGREEMENTS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of the Dianon
common stock to be received by the stockholders of UroCor upon completion of the
merger, and no person is authorized to make any use of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus in connection with any such resale.

All shares of Dianon common stock received by UroCor stockholders in the merger
will be freely transferable, except that shares of Dianon common stock received
by persons who are deemed to be "affiliates" of UroCor under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, at the time of the UroCor special meeting may be resold by
them only in transactions permitted by Rule 145 under the 1933 Act or as
otherwise permitted under the 1933 Act. Persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of UroCor for such purposes generally include individuals or entities
that control, are controlled by or are under common control with UroCor, as the
case may be, and include directors and executive officers of UroCor. The merger
agreement requires that UroCor use reasonable efforts to cause each of such
affiliates to execute a written agreement to the effect that such persons will
not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the shares of Dianon common stock
issued to them in the merger in violation of the 1933 Act or the related SEC
rules.

                         OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS

OPINION OF DIANON'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

Lazard Freres & Co., Dianon's financial advisor, has rendered a written opinion,
dated as of June 28, 2001 to the Dianon board of directors as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to Dianon of the exchange ratio in the merger.
The full text of the written opinion of Lazard Freres is attached to this
document as Annex B. We encourage you to read the opinion carefully in its
entirety to understand the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken by Lazard Freres in
providing their opinions. THE OPINION OF LAZARD FRERES IS DIRECTED TO THE DIANON
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE RECOMMENDATIONS TO ANY STOCKHOLDER
WITH RESPECT TO ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER.

      Under a letter agreement, dated November 17, 2000, Dianon retained Lazard
Freres & Co. LLC to act as its financial advisor. As part of this engagement,
the board of directors of Dianon requested that Lazard evaluate the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to

                                      I-58

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

Dianon of the exchange ratio to be offered in the merger. Lazard has delivered
to the board of directors of Dianon a written opinion dated June 28, 2001 that,
as of that date, the exchange ratio to be offered in the merger was fair from a
financial point of view to Dianon.

      THE FULL TEXT OF THE LAZARD OPINION IS ATTACHED HERETO AS ANNEX B AND IS
INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. THE DESCRIPTION OF THE LAZARD OPINION SET
FORTH HEREIN IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE
LAZARD OPINION SET FORTH IN ANNEX B. DIANON STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE
LAZARD OPINION IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED,
ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE
REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LAZARD IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. LAZARD'S WRITTEN OPINION IS
DIRECTED TO THE DIANON BOARD AND ONLY ADDRESSES THE FAIRNESS OF THE EXCHANGE
RATIO FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW AS OF THE DATE OF THE OPINION. LAZARD'S
WRITTEN OPINION DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE MERGER AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY DIANON STOCKHOLDER AS TO HOW THE STOCKHOLDER
SHOULD VOTE ON ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER. THE FOLLOWING IS ONLY A
SUMMARY OF THE LAZARD OPINION. STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE ENTIRE
OPINION.

      In the course of performing its review and analysis for rendering its
opinion, Lazard, among other things:

      -     reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement;

      -     analyzed certain historical business and financial information
            relating to Dianon and UroCor;

      -     reviewed financial projections for Dianon that were not provided by
            Dianon but were contained in certain securities analysts' research
            reports that were recommended for review by management of Dianon;

      -     reviewed various financial forecasts and other data relating to
            UroCor's business provided to us by management of UroCor and by
            management of Dianon;

      -     held discussions with members of the senior management of Dianon and
            UroCor with respect to the businesses and prospects of Dianon and
            UroCor, respectively, the strategic objectives of each, and possible
            benefits which might be realized following the merger;

      -     reviewed the synergistic savings and benefits and the timing of
            their occurrence as projected by Dianon to be realized by the
            combined entities in connection with the merger;

                                      I-59

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      -     reviewed public information with respect to certain other companies
            in lines of business Lazard believed to be generally comparable to
            the business of Dianon and UroCor;

      -     reviewed the historical stock prices and trading volumes of Dianon
            common stock and UroCor common stock; and

      -     conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations
            as were deemed appropriate.

      Lazard relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all information
publicly available or reviewed by or discussed with Lazard. Lazard did not
assume any responsibility for any independent verification of such information
or any independent valuation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities of Dianon
or UroCor, or concerning the solvency of, or issues relating to solvency
concerning, Dianon or UroCor. With respect to financial forecasts, including the
synergistic savings and benefits projected to be realized following the merger
and the timing thereof, and other information that were provided to or discussed
with Lazard, Lazard assumed that they were reasonably prepared based on the best
currently available estimates and judgments of Dianon and UroCor as to the
future financial performance of Dianon and UroCor. Lazard assumed no
responsibility for and expressed no view as to such forecasts or the assumptions
on which they were based.

      Lazard also assumed, with Dianon's consent, that the merger would be
completed according to the terms of the merger agreement, without waiver of any
material term or condition contained in that agreement, and that the merger
would be accounted for as a purchase under U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles and would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Lazard also assumed that the synergistic savings and
benefits of the merger projected by the management of Dianon would be realized
both in scope and timing and that the governmental investigation of UroCor (and
all related claims) relating to claims submitted by UroCor to Medicare and other
federal health care programs had been resolved on terms that would not adversely
effect the value of UroCor. In addition, Lazard assumed that obtaining the
necessary regulatory approvals for the merger would not have an adverse effect
on Dianon and UroCor.

      Lazard was not asked to consider, and Lazard's opinion did not address,
the relative merits of the merger, any alternative potential transactions or the
company's underlying decision to effect the merger. Lazard also noted that its
opinion was necessarily based upon information available, and economic,
monetary, stock market and other conditions existing and disclosed, to Lazard as
of the date of its opinion.

      The following is a brief summary of the material financial and comparative
analyses which Lazard deemed to be appropriate for this type of transaction and
that were performed by Lazard in connection with rendering its opinion.

      Contribution Analysis. Lazard performed a contribution analysis in order
to evaluate the percentage contribution of each of Dianon and UroCor to the
combined company on a pro forma basis. Lazard calculated the relative
contribution by both Dianon and UroCor to the

                                      I-60

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

combined company with respect to certain projected financial data for Dianon and
UroCor, including revenues, EBITDA, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)
and net income, as set forth below. Lazard performed two separate contribution
analyses, one of which was based on the projected financial data for UroCor
provided by management of UroCor and the other was based on the projected
financial data for UroCor provided by management of Dianon taking into account
the synergies projected by Dianon's management to result from the merger.

                                  PERCENTAGE CONTRIBUTION
                       (BASED ON PROJECTED FINANCIAL DATA FOR UROCOR
                               PROVIDED BY UROCOR MANAGEMENT)
                       ---------------------------------------------
                                 DIANON               UROCOR
                       ----------------------- ---------------------

REVENUES

    2001E                         65.6%                34.4%

    2002E                         65.9%                34.1%

EBITDA

    2001E                         65.9%                34.1%

    2002E                         63.2%                36.8%

EBIT

    2001E                         71.5%                28.5%

    2002E                         66.5%                33.5%

NET INCOME

    2001E                         58.5%                41.5%

    2002E                         65.4%                34.6%

MARKET VALUE                      64.5%                35.5%

ENTERPRISE VALUE                  66.1%                33.9%

                                      I-61

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                                  PERCENTAGE CONTRIBUTION
                       (BASED ON PROJECTED FINANCIAL DATA FOR UROCOR
                       PROVIDED BY DIANON MANAGEMENT AND TAKING INTO
                                 ACCOUNT PROJECTED SYNERGIES)
                       ---------------------------------------------
                                 DIANON               UROCOR
                       ----------------------- ---------------------

REVENUES

    2001E                         69.3%                30.7%

    2002E                         71.8%                28.2%

EBITDA

    2001E                         47.4%                52.6%

    2002E                         51.1%                48.9%

EBIT

    2001E                         45.7%                54.3%

    2002E                         49.9%                50.1%

NET INCOME

    2001E                         46.6%                53.4%

    2002E                         51.1%                48.9%

MARKET VALUE                      64.5%                35.5%

ENTERPRISE VALUE                  66.1%                33.9%

      Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Lazard performed three separate discounted
cash flow analyses in order to derive ranges of implied per share values for
UroCor common stock based on the present value of expected future cash flows of
UroCor. The first discounted cash flow analysis was based on financial forecasts
for UroCor as a stand-alone entity provided by the management of UroCor. This
analysis, which did not take into account potential synergies, was based on a
range of terminal multiples of EBITDA of 12.0x to 16.0x and a range of discount
rates from 10% to 12% for UroCor's diagnostic business and a range of terminal
multiples of EBITDA of 7.0x to 11.0x and a range of discount rates of 10% to 12%
for UroCor's therapeutics business. Using this analysis, Lazard derived a range
of implied per share values of $22.13 to $31.39 for UroCor common stock. The
second discounted cash flow analysis was based on financial forecasts for UroCor
as a stand-alone entity provided by management of Dianon. This analysis, which
did not take into account potential synergies, was based on a range of terminal
multiples of EBITDA of 12.0x to 16.0x and a range of discount rates of 10% to
12%. Using this analysis, Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of
$9.53 to $12.70 for UroCor common stock. The third discounted cash flow analysis
was based on the information derived in the second analysis but also took into
account the potential synergies estimated by Dianon's management to result from
the merger. The discounted cash flow analysis of the synergies was based on a
range of perpetual growth rates of -2.5% to 2.5% and a range of discount rates
of 10% to 12%. The forecasts for synergies assumed net synergies, including
costs to achieve such synergies, of $-8.5 million in 2001, $16.8 million in 2002
and $17.7 million thereafter. Using this analysis, Lazard derived a range of
implied per share values, including the value of net synergies, of $15.84 to
$23.90 for UroCor common stock.

                                      I-62

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      Premiums Paid Analysis. Lazard performed a premiums paid analysis based on
premiums paid in the following transactions that involved U.S. healthcare
companies and that had transaction values that ranged from $100 million to $500
million and were announced during the two year period prior to the announcement
of the merger:

             ACQUIROR NAME                          TARGET NAME
- -------------------------------------      ---------------------------------

Celera Genomics                            AXYS Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Inveresk Research International Ltd.       Clintrials Research Inc.
Philips Medical Systems International      ADAC Laboratories Inc.
Investor Group                             Sunrise Medical Inc.
Tyco International Ltd.                    InnerDyne Inc.
Jomed N.V.                                 EndoSonics Corp.
Cephalon Inc.                              Anesta Corp.
Molecular Devices Corp.                    LJL Biosystems Inc.
GE Medical Systems                         Lunar Corp.
Welch Allyn Inc.                           Protocol Systems Inc.
Invivo Corp.                               Protocol Systems Inc.
King Pharmaceuticals Inc.                  Medco Research Inc.
Baxter International Inc.                  North American Vaccine Inc.
MedImmune Inc.                             US Bioscience Inc.
Schering Berlin Inc.                       Diatide Inc.
Guidant Corp.                              Cardio Thoracic Systems Inc.
Tyco International Ltd.                    General Surgical Innovations Inc.
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA                   Copley Pharmaceutical Inc.
Inamed Corp.                               Collagen Aesthetics Inc.
Investor Group                             Maxxim Medical Inc.
TA Associates Inc.                         Physicians Specialty Corp.
Solvay SA                                  Unimed Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Meggitt PLC                                Whittaker Corp.

      Using publicly available data, Lazard calculated the following premium
percentages paid in the foregoing precedent transactions:

                                      I-63

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                     PERCENT STOCK PREMIUM BEFORE TRANSACTION
                                ANNOUNCEMENT DATE
                     ----------------------------------------
                      LOW       MEDIUM       MEAN       HIGH
                     -----      ------      ------     ------

1 Day Before          2.1%       25.2%       28.4%      71.4%

1 Week Before         0.6%       27.7%       32.6%      74.6%

1 Month Before       (6.8%)      43.1%       40.0%      73.5%

      Using the range of premiums paid in the foregoing precedent transactions,
Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of $14.90 to $26.17 for the
UroCor common stock.

      Comparable Publicly Traded Companies Analysis. Lazard performed a
comparable public companies analysis based on financial multiples of selected
comparable companies in the diagnostic laboratories industry in order to derive
a range of implied per share values for UroCor common stock. In performing this
analysis, Lazard reviewed certain financial information for UroCor and compared
such information to corresponding financial information, ratios and public
market multiples for four (4) other diagnostic laboratory companies Lazard
deemed to be comparable to UroCor, based on similarities in diagnostic services
provided, information services provided, customer base, payer mix, geographic
presence and technology. The companies included in this analysis were:

      o     Ameripath, Inc.

      o     Impath, Inc.

      o     Laboratory Corporation of America

      o     Quest Diagnostics, Inc.

      Using publicly available information, Lazard calculated the enterprise
value of each of these comparable companies as a multiple of their respective
calendar 2001 estimated earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and
amortization (EBITDA):

                            LOW      MEDIAN      MEAN       HIGH
                           -----      -----     ------     ------

Enterprise value as a
multiple of

2001E EBITDA               12.7x      13.3x      13.7x      14.9x

      Using the multiples calculated in the comparable publicly traded
companies' analysis and based on the financial forecasts for UroCor prepared by
management of Dianon, Lazard derived a range of implied per share values of
$6.45 to $7.30 for UroCor common stock.

                                      I-64

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis. Lazard reviewed the implied exchange
ratio of shares of UroCor Common Stock to shares of Dianon Common Stock based on
the closing prices of the shares from June 15, 2000 to June 15, 2001.

      The following table illustrates the implied exchange ratio on the dates or
for the periods indicated:

                IMPLIED EXCHANGE
                   RATIO AS OF                            AVERAGE IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO FROM
                ----------------          ------------------------------------------------------------------
                     6/15/01               5/15/01            4/15/01            3/15/01            6/15/00
                                          (30 DAYS)          (60 DAYS)          (90 DAYS)           (1 YEAR)
                ----------------          ---------          ---------          ---------           --------

Exchange Ratio       0.4064x                0.3852x            0.3485x            0.3316x            0.2388x

      Lazard performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses solely
for the purpose of providing its opinion to the Dianon board of directors that
the exchange ratio to be offered in the merger is fair to Dianon from a
financial point of view. The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to a partial analysis
or summary description. Accordingly, notwithstanding the separate analyses
summarized above, Lazard believes that its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of the analyses or factors considered by it,
without considering all such factors or analyses, or attempting to ascribe
relative weights to some or all such analyses and factors could create an
incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying the Lazard opinion.

      In its analyses, Lazard made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Dianon and UroCor. The
estimates contained in these analyses and the valuation ranges resulting from
any particular analysis do not necessarily indicate actual values or predict
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
those suggested by these analyses. Lazard did not assign any specific weight to
any of the analyses described above and did not draw any specific conclusions
from or with regard to any one method of analysis. In addition, analyses
relating to the value of the businesses or securities are not appraisals and do
not reflect the prices at which the businesses or securities may actually be
sold or the prices at which their securities may trade. As a result, these
analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

      No company or transaction used in any of the analyses is identical to
Dianon, UroCor, or the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the
foregoing necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial and operating characteristics of Dianon and UroCor and other factors
that could affect the public trading values or the announced merger transaction
values, as the case may be, of the companies to which they are being compared.
Mathematical analysis (such as determining the mean or median) is not in itself
a meaningful method of using comparable transaction data or comparable company
data.

      Lazard's opinion and financial analyses were not the only factors
considered by the Dianon board of directors in its evaluation of the merger and
should not be viewed as

                                      I-65

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

determinative of the views of the Dianon board of directors or Dianon's
management. Lazard has consented to the inclusion of and references to its
opinion in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

      Under the terms of Lazard's engagement, Dianon has agreed to pay Lazard an
advisory fee of approximately $4 million. A substantial portion of this fee will
not be paid unless and until the merger is completed. Dianon has agreed to
reimburse Lazard for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
performing its services, including the fees and expenses of its legal counsel.
In addition, Dianon agreed to indemnify Lazard against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws relating to or arising
out of Lazard's engagement.

      Lazard is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, leveraged
buyouts, and valuations for real estate, corporate and other purposes. In the
ordinary course of its business, Lazard and its affiliates may from time to time
effect transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities, of
Dianon or UroCor for its own account and for the account of Lazard's customers.
Lazard was selected to act as investment banker to Dianon because of its
expertise and its reputation in investment banking and mergers and acquisitions
and a strong presence in the healthcare industry.

OPINION OF UROCOR'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., UroCor's financial advisor, has rendered a
written opinion, dated June 27, 2001, to the UroCor board of directors as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to holders of UroCor common stock of
the exchange ratio in the merger. The full text of the written opinion of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray is attached to this document as Annex C. We encourage you
to read the opinion carefully in its entirety to understand the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray in providing their opinion. THE OPINION
OF U.S. BANCORP PIPER JAFFRAY IS DIRECTED TO THE UROCOR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE RECOMMENDATIONS TO ANY STOCKHOLDER WITH RESPECT TO ANY
MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER.

      UroCor retained U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to act as the exclusive
financial advisor of the UroCor board of directors in connection with the merger
and to render to the UroCor board of directors an opinion as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock of UroCor of the
exchange ratio set forth in the merger agreement.

      On June 27, 2001, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered to the UroCor board
of directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, as of that
date and based upon and subject to the assumptions, factors, and limitations
stated in the written opinion and described below, that the exchange ratio set
forth in the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of common stock of UroCor. A copy of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's
written opinion is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C and is
incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. The UroCor
stockholders should read the opinion carefully in its entirety in conjunction
with the proxy statement/prospectus and should carefully consider

                                      I-66

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

the assumptions made, matters considered and the limits of the review undertaken
by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's written opinion,
which was directed to the UroCor board of directors, addresses only the
fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of UroCor common stock
of the proposed exchange ratio. The opinion does not address UroCor's underlying
business decision to participate in the merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to any UroCor stockholder as to how a stockholder should vote
with respect to the merger at UroCor's special meeting of stockholders.

      In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's opinion was one of many factors
taken into consideration by the UroCor board of directors in its evaluation of
the proposed merger. Consequently, the analyses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
described below should not be viewed as determinative of the views of UroCor's
management with respect to the proposed exchange ratio or the merger. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed that the structure, the amount of consideration,
and other terms of the merger are the most beneficial terms from UroCor's
perspective that could, under the circumstances, be negotiated among the
parties, and expressed no opinion as to whether any alternative transaction
might be more favorable to UroCor.

      In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed, among
other things:

      o     a draft of the merger agreement dated June 27, 2001 and drafts of
            other documents related to the merger;

      o     selected publicly available financial, operating and business
            information related to UroCor and Dianon;

      o     publicly available market and securities data of UroCor and Dianon
            and selected public companies deemed comparable to UroCor and
            Dianon;

      o     to the extent publicly available, financial information relating to
            selected merger and acquisition transactions deemed comparable to
            the proposed merger; and

      o     internal financial information of UroCor and Dianon prepared for
            financial planning purposes and furnished to U.S. Bancorp Piper
            Jaffray by management of UroCor and Dianon.

      In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray engaged in discussions with
members of the senior management of UroCor and Dianon regarding the business and
prospects of their respective companies and the joint prospects of a combined
company.

      For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon and
assumed the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the financial statements and
other information provided to it by UroCor and Dianon or otherwise made
available to it and did not assume responsibility for the independent
verification of that information. Information prepared for financial planning
purposes was not prepared with the expectation of public disclosure. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon the assurances of the management of UroCor and
Dianon that the information provided to it by UroCor and Dianon was prepared on
a reasonable basis, the financial planning data and other business outlook
information reflect the best currently available estimates of management, and
management was not aware of any information or facts that would make the

                                      I-67

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

information provided to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray incomplete or misleading.
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also assumed that there had been no material changes
in UroCor's and Dianon's assets, financial condition, results of operations,
business or prospects since the respective dates of their last financial
statements made available to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray.

      In delivering its opinion to the UroCor board of directors on June 27,
2001, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented to the UroCor board of directors
various analyses and other information material to the opinion. The following is
a summary of these analyses:

      UROCOR STOCK TRADING ANALYSIS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed the
stock trading history of UroCor. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented the recent
common stock trading information contained in the following table:

                                                                 UroCor Stock
                                                                     Price
                                                                 ------------

Closing price on June 27, 2001.............................          $16.95
30 calendar day closing average............................           16.08
90 calendar day closing average............................           13.32
120 calendar day closing average...........................           12.34
52 week high trade.........................................           17.40
52 week low trade..........................................            4.13

      U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also presented graphs illustrating UroCor's
daily and weekly stock price and volume performance over the prior 12 month
period, daily stock price and volume performance over the prior six month period
and quarterly stock price and volume performance over the prior 18 month period.

      EXCHANGE RATIO ANALYSIS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed the exchange
ratio against the "implied" exchange ratio based on historical stock prices for
UroCor and Dianon. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray examined the exchange ratios
implied by the stock prices of UroCor and Dianon on June 27, 2001 and one month,
three months, six months and one year prior to such date, and determined the 52
week high and low implied exchange ratios.

                                  Ratios
                                ---------
Merger exchange ratio            0.4064x
June 27, 2001                    0.4236x
1 month                          0.4048x
3 month                          0.3817x
6 month                          0.1813x
1 year                           0.1891x
52 week high                     0.4805x
52 week low                      0.1259x

      U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also presented a graph illustrating the implied
exchange ratio based on historical stock prices for UroCor and Dianon over the
past year.

      ANALYSIS OF SELECTED PUBLIC COMPANIES. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared
certain publicly available financial, operating and stock market information for
UroCor with similar

                                      I-68

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

information for the following selected publicly held companies, each of which is
involved in the clinical diagnostic and anatomic pathology laboratory segments
of the health care services market:

      o     AmeriPath, Inc.;

      o     DIANON Systems, Inc.;

      o     Dynacare, Inc.;

      o     IMPATH, Inc.;

      o     Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings;

      o     Quest Diagnostics, Inc;

      o     Specialty Laboratories, Inc.; and

      o     UNILAB Corporation.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray calculated enterprise value, which it defined as
equity market value plus debt, less cash and cash equivalents, relative to each
company's latest 12 months revenue, earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA, and earnings
before interest and taxes, commonly referred to as EBIT. U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray also calculated share price relative to each company's latest 12 months
earnings per share and estimated calendar year 2001 and 2002 earnings per share,
commonly referred to as EPS, estimates. All multiples were based on closing
stock prices on June 27, 2001. EPS estimates for the selected companies were
based on estimates as reported by the Institutional Brokers Estimate System,
commonly referred to as IBES, and EPS estimates for UroCor were based on the
internal estimates of the management of UroCor. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray then
compared the multiples for the selected companies to the multiples for UroCor
assuming a UroCor common stock price of $16.26 in the merger. This analysis
indicated multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                                        UROCOR                  SELECTED COMPANIES
                                        ------      ------------------------------------------
                                        $16.26      MEDIAN       MEAN        HIGH        LOW
                                        ------      ------      ------      ------      ------

Enterprise value to:
    Latest 12 months revenue .......      3.1x        2.8x        3.0x        4.6x        1.0x
    Latest 12 months EBITDA ........     21.5x       15.9x       16.9x       31.9x        7.9x
    Latest 12 months EBIT ..........     34.6x       21.6x       23.4x       43.5x       12.4x
Latest twelve months
price/earnings ratio ...............     46.5x       43.8x       43.0x       65.3x       23.9x
2001 price/earnings ratio ..........     39.7x       34.8x       35.3x       59.2x       20.9x
2002 price/earnings ratio ..........     25.4x       26.7x       28.0x       49.3x       17.9x

ANALYSIS OF SELECTED MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
reviewed multiples of revenue, EBITDA, EBIT, and net income paid in the
following eight transactions:

                                      I-69

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

        DATE                       ACQUIROR                          TARGET
- ---------------------   --------------------------------  -----------------------------

June 1, 2001            Laboratory Corporation of         ViroMed Laboratories
                        America
March 26, 2001          Laboratory Corporation of         Path Lab Holdings
                        America
November 20, 2000       AmeriPath                         Inform DX
June 20, 2000           Laboratory Corporation of         National Genetics Institute
                        America
May 25, 1999            Kelso & Company                   Unilab Corporation
April 6, 1999           Unilab Corporation                Physicians Clinical Laboratory
February 9, 1999        Quest Diagnostics                 SmithKline Beecham Plc
October 22, 1998        Kroll-O'Gara Company              Lab Specialists of America

      The selected transactions were chosen because the target companies were
companies in the clinical diagnostic and anatomic pathology laboratory industry
that, for purposes of this analysis, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray considered
generally comparable to UroCor. Each transaction had a transaction value of
greater than $25 million and involved a purchase of a majority interest in the
target company with cash, stock, or a combination of cash and stock. No
transaction used in the selected transaction analysis is identical to the
merger. All multiples were based on available information at the time of
announcement of the relevant transaction.

                                      UROCOR        SELECTED TRANSACTIONS
                                      ------   ---------------------------------
                                      $16.26   MEDIAN    MEAN     HIGH     LOW
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Enterprise Value to:
    Latest 12 months revenue ......     3.1x     1.7x     1.5x     2.0x     0.6x
    Latest 12 months EBITDA .......    21.5x     8.6x     9.9x    14.6x     6.4x
    Latest 12 months EBIT .........    34.6x    13.1x    14.5x    21.9x    10.1x
Equity Value to:
    Latest 12 months net income ...    51.9x    20.5x    29.2x    49.6x    17.6x

      PREMIUM PAID ANALYSIS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed the range of
premiums paid in 30 change-of-control transactions of healthcare services
companies with transaction values greater than $25 million completed from
January 1, 1998 to June 27, 2001. These transactions indicated a range of
premiums based on the target company's stock price one week prior and a four
weeks prior to announcement of the transaction. The following table sets forth
the median, mean, high and low premiums paid in these transactions as compared
to the premium to be paid in the merger based on a UroCor common stock price of
$16.26.

                                      UROCOR           SELECTED PREMIUMS
                                      ------   ---------------------------------
                                      $16.26   MEDIAN    MEAN     HIGH     LOW
                                      ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Premium to stock price:
     One week prior
     to announcement ..............     0.7%    31.5%    33.1%     85.3%   -2.8%
     Four weeks prior to
     announcement .................     2.1%    33.1%    40.4%    116.7%   -0.3%

      This analysis also noted that the premium paid in the merger represented a
30.0% premium over UroCor's stock price on May 1, 2001, three days after UroCor
announced its first quarter financial results, and an 85.8% premium over
UroCor's stock price on February 21, 2001, three days after UroCor announced its
tentative settlement with the Department of Justice.

      DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed a
discounted cash flow analysis for UroCor to estimate the present value of the
stand-alone, unleveraged,

                                      I-70

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

after-tax free cash flows that UroCor could generate through December 31, 2005
based on estimates provided by the management of UroCor. The stand-alone
discounted cash flow analysis was determined by adding the present value at June
30, 2001 of the projected free cash flows generated by UroCor over the period
from July 1, 2001 through December 31, 2005, the present value of UroCor's
estimated terminal value in 2005 and UroCor's cash at March 31, 2001, and
subtracting UroCor's total debt, including accruals for the cost of UroCor's
settlement with the Department of Justice, on March 31, 2001. The range of
estimated terminal values for UroCor was calculated by applying terminal value
multiples ranging from 8.0x to 10.0x to the projected 2005 EBITDA of UroCor. The
cash flows and terminal values were discounted to present value using discount
rates ranging from 20.0% to 30.0%. This analysis yielded an implied equity
reference range for UroCor common stock of $10.15 to $16.03 per share, as
compared to a UroCor common stock price of $16.26 in the merger.

      CONTRIBUTION ANALYSIS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray analyzed the pro forma
relative contribution of UroCor to the estimated revenues, EBITDA and pre-tax
income of the combined company in calendar years 2000, 2001 and 2002 based on
estimates provided by the management of UroCor and, with respect to and as
directed by Dianon, estimates from a CS First Boston research report. This
analysis indicated the following:

      o     for calendar year 2000, UroCor would have contributed approximately
            35.5% of the revenues, 31.1% of the EBITDA and 28.0% of the pre-tax
            income of the pro forma combined company;

      o     in calendar year 2001, UroCor would have contributed approximately
            34.7% of the revenues, 35.3% of the EBITDA and 31.3% of the pre-tax
            income of the pro forma combined company; and

      o     in calendar year 2002, UroCor would have contributed approximately
            34.1% of the revenues, 36.9% of the EBITDA and 34.3% of the pre-tax
            income of the pro forma combined company.

      Based on the exchange ratio and Dianon's stock price on June 27, 2001,
current holders of UroCor common stock would own approximately 35.4% of the
equity of the pro forma combined company upon completion of the merger.

      DIANON STOCK TRADING ANALYSIS. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed the
stock trading history of Dianon. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray presented the recent
common stock trading information contained in the following table:

                                                                    Dianon
                                                                  Stock Price
                                                                  -----------
Closing price on June 27, 2001.............................          $40.01
30 calendar day closing average............................           37.50
90 calendar day closing average............................           37.18
120 calendar day closing average...........................           35.46
52 week high trade.........................................           47.50
52 week low trade..........................................           20.50

                                      I-71

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also presented graphs illustrating Dianon'
daily and weekly stock price and volume performance of Dianon over the prior 12
month and three year period.

      The summary set forth above does not purport to be a complete description
of the opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to the UroCor board of directors or
the financial analyses performed and factors considered by U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in connection with its opinion. In reaching its conclusion as to the
fairness of the exchange ratio, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not rely on any
single analysis or factor described above, assign relative weights to the
analyses or factors considered by it, or make any conclusion as to how the
results of any given analysis, taken alone, supported its opinion. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytical process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analyses and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances, and, therefore, fairness opinions are not readily susceptible to
summary description. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray believes that its analyses and
the summary set forth above must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses, without considering all analyses, or selecting
portions of the above summary, without considering all factors and analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its
analyses and opinion.

      In performing its analyses, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the
control of UroCor and Dianon. No company, transaction or business used in the
analyses as a comparison is identical to UroCor, the pro forma combined company
or the proposed merger, nor is an evaluation of the results of the analyses
entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and
judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors
that could affect the acquisition, public trading or other values of the
companies, businesses or transactions being analyzed. The estimates contained in
the analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis
are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the analyses. In
addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or securities do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities actually may be sold. Accordingly, the analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

      For purposes of rendering its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed,
in all respects material to its analysis, that:

      o     the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially
            similar to the last draft it reviewed, without modification or
            waiver of material terms or conditions by UroCor or Dianon;

      o     the representations and warranties of UroCor, Dianon and UroCor
            Acquisition Corp. contained in the merger agreement are true and
            correct;

      o     UroCor, Dianon and UroCor Acquisition Corp. will each perform all of
            the covenants and agreements to be performed by it under the merger
            agreement; and

                                      I-72

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      o     all conditions to the obligations of each of UroCor, Dianon and
            UroCor Acquisition Corp. to complete the merger will be satisfied
            without waiver of any of these conditions.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also assumed that all regulatory approvals and
consents required in connection with the completion of the merger will be
obtained in a manner that will not adversely affect UroCor or Dianon. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray further assumed that neither UroCor nor Dianon is party to
any pending transactions, including any external financing, recapitalization,
acquisition or merger, other than the merger or in the ordinary course of
business. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray further assumed that no transactions in
securities of UroCor or Dianon will occur before the closing date of the merger
or as a result of the merger. In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed
that the merger will constitute a reorganization for federal income tax purposes
and will be treated as a purchase for accounting purposes.

      In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not perform any
appraisals or valuations of any specific assets or liabilities of UroCor or
Dianon, and was not furnished with any such appraisals or valuations. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the liquidation value of any
entity. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the price at which
shares of UroCor or Dianon common stock have traded or at which the shares of
UroCor, Dianon or the combined company may trade at any future time. The opinion
is based on information available to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and the facts
and circumstances as they existed and were subject to evaluation on the date of
the opinion. Events occurring after that date could materially affect the
assumptions used in preparing the opinion. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray has not
undertaken to and is not obligated to affirm or revise its opinion or otherwise
comment on any events occurring after the date it was given.

      U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray is an internationally recognized investment
banking firm and, as a customary part of its investment banking business, is
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. UroCor selected U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray to serve as its exclusive financial advisor based on U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray's reputation, expertise and experience in similar
transactions. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray regularly publishes research reports
regarding the health care industry and publicly owned companies in the health
care industry. In the ordinary course of business, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
may actively trade or hold the securities and other instruments and obligations
of UroCor or Dianon for its own account and the accounts of its customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities,
instruments or obligations.

      Pursuant to a letter agreement, dated July 13, 2000, as amended as of June
17, 2001, between UroCor and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, UroCor agreed to pay
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray a retainer fee of $100,000 and $500,000 for rendering
its opinion, both of which amounts will be credited against a $4,000,000
transaction fee payable upon completion of the merger. In addition, UroCor has
agreed to reimburse U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, and to
indemnify U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and certain related parties against certain
liabilities incurred, including certain liabilities under the federal securities
laws, relating to, or arising out of the engagement of U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray by the UroCor board of directors.

                                      I-73

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                   INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

In considering the recommendations of UroCor's board of directors with respect
to the merger, stockholders should be aware that some officers of UroCor,
including one officer who also is a director, have some interests in the merger
that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of stockholders of
UroCor. The board of directors of UroCor was aware of these interests and
considered them, among other matters, in making their recommendation. See
Chapter Five, entitled "Other Dianon Annual Meeting Proposals," for a discussion
of the compensation, including unvested options, none of which vest upon
completion of the merger, and security ownership of the executive officers and
directors of Dianon.

UROCOR'S ARRANGEMENTS WITH EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND KEY EMPLOYEES

      Change In Control Agreements. Michael W. George and the other executive
officers and key employees listed in the table below, have executed
substantially identical Change in Control Agreements with UroCor, which provide
certain benefits in the event of a change in control of UroCor. Stockholder
approval of the merger will constitute a "change in control" under these Change
in Control Agreements.

      Under the terms of these Change in Control Agreements, in the event the
employee is terminated at any time after a change in control transaction has
occurred, and termination is not voluntary or the result of death, permanent
disability, retirement or certain other defined circumstances, the employee
would be entitled to receive (a) payment of accrued but unpaid base salary and
earned but unused vacation time through the date of termination, (b) a lump sum
cash payment equal to either one or one and one-half times the sum of the annual
base salary of the employee in effect at any time since the effective date of
the agreement plus the amount of the highest annual bonus received by the
employee at any time after the effective date of the agreement (excluding any
bonus received under the UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan discussed below) and (c) the
continuation of life, disability and health insurance coverages for either 12 or
18 months. The Change in Control Agreements also provide special payments to the
employees to reimburse them, if necessary, for any federal excise tax or similar
state or local tax that may be imposed on payments following a change in
control.

      As of July 31, 2001, the approximate value of the lump sum cash payments
described in (b) above plus earned but unused vacation time described in (a)
above due under these change in control agreements to each employee upon a
qualifying termination of employment following a change in control, not
including any payments that may be made with respect to any excise tax, would be
as follows:

 UroCor Employee                                                       Amount
- -----------------                                                    ----------

John L. Armstrong                                                    $  267,176
Ronald J. Morris                                                        253,458
Bruce C. Hayden                                                         320,770
Melissa A. Walker                                                       240,308
Karl K. Nigg                                                            326,225
Robert W. Veltri                                                        319,568
Michael W. George                                                       450,567
Stanley L. Mills                                                        242,048
Gerard J. O'Dowd                                                        398,946
Joseph R. McNeil                                                         92,596

All UroCor executive officers and key employees as a group
(10 persons)                                                         $2,911,662

                                      I-74

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

Equity-Based Awards. Pursuant to the terms of UroCor's equity-based compensation
plans, all unvested options to purchase UroCor stock held by UroCor's employees,
including executive officers, will become vested and exercisable upon completion
of the merger.

As of July 31, 2001, the number of unvested options held by executive officers
and other key employees of UroCor that will become vested in this manner is as
follows:

                                                      Number of       Weighted Avg.
 UroCor Employee                                  Unvested Options   Exercise Price
 ---------------                                  ----------------   --------------

John L. Armstrong                                           87,000         3.69
Ronald J. Morris                                            57,500         7.87
Bruce C. Hayden                                             63,750         4.24
Melissa A. Walker                                           60,250         9.38
Karl K. Nigg                                                56,875         5.20
Robert W. Veltri                                             1,875         4.63
Michael W. George                                          218,468         4.18
Stanley L. Mills                                             3,750         4.63
Gerard J. O'Dowd                                             3,000         4.63
Joseph R. McNeil                                            10,000         8.00
                                                           -------

All UroCor executive officers and key employees            562,468
as a group (10 persons)

UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan. Under the terms of the merger agreement, UroCor may pay
up to a total of $1,200,000 under the UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan to executive
officers and other employees as follows:

UroCor Employee/Group of Employees                                      Amount
- ----------------------------------                                      ------

Michael W. George                                                     $  113,930
Bruce C. Hayden                                                           62,852
Karl K. Nigg                                                              71,884
John L. Armstrong                                                         51,041
Robert W. Veltri                                                          45,916
Stanley L. Mills                                                          26,827
Ronald J. Morris                                                          28,984
All other employees                                                      798,566

All UroCor key executives and employees as a group                    $1,200,000

                                      I-75

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK; STOCK OPTIONS

As of June 26, 2001, directors and executive officers of Dianon beneficially
owned an aggregate of 2,294,023 shares of Dianon common stock, including options
to purchase 414,506 shares of Dianon common stock exercisable within 60 days.

As of July 31, 2001, directors and executive officers of UroCor owned an
aggregate of 1,310,722 shares of UroCor common stock, plus options to purchase
651,917 shares of UroCor common stock exercisable within 60 days.

INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' INSURANCE

Dianon is obligated, for six years after the merger, to maintain in effect
UroCor's current directors' and officers' liability insurance (but the annual
premiums for such insurance may not exceed $240,000) covering acts or omissions
occurring prior to the effective time of the merger.

Dianon will cause the surviving corporation in the merger to maintain in its
certificate of incorporation or by-laws for a period of 6 years the current
provisions regarding indemnification of officers, directors and employees.

                                      I-76

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement. This
summary does not purport to describe all the terms of the merger agreement and
is qualified by the complete merger agreement which is attached as Annex A to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated by reference. All
stockholders of Dianon and UroCor are urged to read the merger agreement
carefully and in its entirety.

GENERAL

      Under the merger agreement, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dianon will merge
with and into UroCor, with UroCor continuing as the surviving corporation. The
merger will be accounted for as a purchase transaction and is structured to
qualify as a tax-free reorganization.

CLOSING MATTERS

      Closing. Unless the parties agree otherwise, the closing of the merger
will take place on the first business day after all closing conditions have been
satisfied or waived, unless the merger agreement has been terminated or another
time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties. See "--Conditions" below
for a more complete description of the conditions that must be satisfied prior
to closing.

      Effective Time. As soon as practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of
the conditions to the merger, Dianon and UroCor will file a certificate of
merger in such form as is required by and executed in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and make all other
required filings or recordings. The merger will become effective when the
certificate of merger is filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or at such
subsequent time as Dianon and UroCor agree and specify in the certificate of
merger.

CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER

      The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger,
each share of UroCor common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger, together with the associated rights issued
under the UroCor stockholder rights plan, will be converted into the right to
receive the shares of Dianon common stock and associated rights at the following
exchange ratio:

      o     If the Dianon "market price" is less than or equal to $44.29, the
            exchange ratio shall equal 0.4064; and

      o     If the Dianon "market price" is greater than $44.29, the exchange
            ratio shall equal a quotient (rounded to four decimal points), the
            numerator of which is $18.00, and the denominator of which is the
            Dianon market price

      The Dianon "market price" shall mean the average daily closing price per
share of Dianon common stock as reported on the Nasdaq for the "random trading
days." "Random trading days" means the five trading days selected by lot out of
the fifteen trading days ending on

                                      I-77

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

and including the "determination date" (with "random trading days" selected by
lot by Dianon and UroCor at 5:00 p.m. New York time on the "determination
date"), and "determination date" means the third Nasdaq trading day preceding
the closing date of the merger.

      In addition, any shares of UroCor common stock owned by Dianon, held by
UroCor as treasury stock or owned by any of their respective subsidiaries will
be automatically canceled, and will not be exchanged for any shares of Dianon
common stock or other consideration.

      Each share of Dianon common stock will remain outstanding following the
merger and will continue to represent one share of common stock of Dianon after
the merger.

TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS

      The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger,
each outstanding and unexercised option or right to purchase shares of UroCor
common stock granted under the UroCor stock plans will be assumed by Dianon and
converted into an option or a right to purchase shares of Dianon common stock
under the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the options as granted
under the UroCor stock plans. Options or rights to purchase shares of UroCor
common stock granted under the UroCor 1992 stock plan, whether vested or
unvested, will be assumed by Dianon and converted into fully vested options or
rights to purchase shares of Dianon common stock under the same terms and
conditions as were applicable to the options as granted under the UroCor stock
plans. The number of shares of Dianon common stock that the converted options
will be exercisable for, and the exercise price of the option, will be adjusted
to reflect the exchange ratio.

      To the extent permitted by law, Dianon will comply with the terms of the
UroCor stock plans and will take reasonable steps to ensure that the stock
options which qualified as incentive stock options prior to the completion of
the merger continue to qualify as incentive stock options of Dianon after the
merger.

      For a further discussion of the treatment of UroCor stock options and
other employee benefit plans under the merger agreement, see "The Merger
Agreement--Covenants" and "Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger".

EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES IN THE MERGER

      Before the closing of the merger, Dianon will appoint an exchange agent to
handle the exchange of UroCor stock certificates for stock certificates of
Dianon and the payment of cash for fractional shares. Soon after the closing of
the merger, the exchange agent will send a letter of transmittal, which is to be
used to exchange UroCor stock certificates for stock certificates of Dianon, to
each former UroCor stockholder. The letter of transmittal will contain
instructions explaining the procedure for surrendering UroCor stock
certificates. You should not return certificates with the enclosed proxy card.

      UroCor stockholders who surrender their stock certificates, together with
a properly completed letter of transmittal, will receive uncertificated,
book-entry shares of Dianon common stock into which the shares of UroCor common
stock were converted in the merger.

                                      I-78

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      After the merger, each certificate that previously represented shares of
UroCor stock will only represent the right to receive the shares of Dianon
common stock into which those shares of UroCor common stock have been converted.

      Dianon will not pay any dividends or any other distributions to holders of
any UroCor stock certificates until the UroCor stock certificates are
surrendered to the exchange agent. However, once those certificates are
surrendered, Dianon will pay to the holder, without interest, any dividends that
have been declared after the effective date of the merger on the shares into
which those UroCor shares have been converted.

      After the effective time of the merger, UroCor will not register any
transfers of the shares of UroCor common stock.

      Dianon stockholders do not need to exchange their stock certificates.

FRACTIONAL SHARES

      No fractional shares of Dianon common stock will be issued in the merger.
Instead, the exchange agent will pay each of those stockholders who would have
otherwise been entitled to a fractional share of Dianon common stock an amount
in cash determined by multiplying the fractional share interest by the closing
price for a share of Dianon stock on the Nasdaq on the date of the effective
time of the merger or, if such date is not a business day, on the business day
immediately following the date on which the effective time of the merger occurs.

LISTING OF DIANON STOCK

      Dianon has agreed to use its reasonable efforts to cause the shares of
Dianon common stock to be issued in the merger and the shares of Dianon common
stock to be reserved for issuance upon exercise of the UroCor stock options to
be approved for quotation on the Nasdaq, prior to the closing date.

COVENANTS

      We have each undertaken certain covenants in the merger agreement
concerning the conduct of our respective businesses between the date the merger
agreement was signed and the completion of the merger. The following summarizes
the more significant of these covenants:

      No Solicitation. UroCor has agreed that neither it nor any of its
subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors of UroCor or its subsidiaries
shall, (and UroCor shall cause its employees, agents and representatives not
to), directly or indirectly:

      o     initiate, solicit, encourage or knowingly facilitate, including by
            way of furnishing information, any inquiries or the making of any
            proposal or offer with respect to a third party "acquisition
            proposal" of the type described below;

      o     have any discussion with or provide any confidential information or
            data to any person relating to an acquisition proposal;

                                      I-79

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      o     engage in negotiations concerning an acquisition proposal;

      o     knowingly facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an
            acquisition proposal; or

      o     accept an acquisition proposal.

      However, UroCor is permitted, as is contemplated under the federal
securities laws, to take and disclose to its stockholders its position with
respect to any acquisition proposal.

      In addition, UroCor is permitted to provide information to or enter into
negotiations with a third party in response to an acquisition proposal that the
UroCor board of directors determines is reasonably likely to result in a
"superior proposal," if, prior to the UroCor stockholder meeting, a majority of
the UroCor board of directors determines in good faith that a failure to do so
would result in a breach of the directors' fiduciary duties under applicable
law. In addition, before UroCor provides information to, or enters into
negotiations with, a third party, it must provide notice to Dianon and enter
into a customary confidentiality agreement with the person making the
acquisition proposal.

      An "acquisition proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any
person or entity other than Dianon relating to any direct or indirect
acquisition or purchase of more than 10% of the total assets (including without
limitation stock of any subsidiaries) of UroCor and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or any shares of any class or series of equity securities of UroCor or
any of its subsidiaries constituting more than 10% of the outstanding shares of
UroCor common stock, any tender offer or exchange offer involving more than 10%
of the outstanding shares of UroCor common stock, or any merger, reorganization,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving UroCor or any of its
subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

      A "superior proposal" means any written proposal not solicited in breach
of the "no-solicitation" provisions of the merger agreement by UroCor made by a
third party to consummate a tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation
or similar transaction which would result in such third party (or its
stockholders) owning, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the
shares of UroCor common stock then outstanding (or of the surviving entity in a
merger) or all or substantially all of the assets of UroCor and its subsidiaries
and otherwise on terms which a majority of the members of the board of directors
of UroCor determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and
taking into consideration the advice of a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) to be more favorable to UroCor's stockholders, from a
financial point of view, than the merger. In reaching such good faith
determination, the board of directors of UroCor shall give significant
consideration to whether such third party proposal includes definitive financing
and is reasonably capable of being consummated.

                                      I-80

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      UroCor Board of Directors' Covenant to Recommend.

      UroCor's board will recommend that its stockholders approve the
transaction and will not withdraw or modify its recommendation. However, prior
to the UroCor stockholder meeting, the UroCor board may, subject to payment of
the "termination fee" (See "The Merger Agreement--Termination of Merger
Agreement" for a discussion of the termination fee), change its recommendation
and/or approve another transaction if an unsolicited superior proposal is made
to UroCor, and a majority of the UroCor board determines in good faith (after
consultation with outside counsel) that a failure to do so would result in a
breach of the directors' fiduciary duties to UroCor's stockholders under
applicable law.

      UroCor is obligated to notify Dianon within 72 hours prior to any change
in recommendation or approval of another transaction by UroCor board. UroCor may
not enter into a binding agreement for another transaction prior to the third
business day following Dianon's receipt of such written notification.

      Operations of Dianon and UroCor Pending Closing. We have each undertaken a
separate covenant that places restrictions on ourselves and our respective
subsidiaries until either the effective time of the merger or the termination of
the merger agreement. In general, we and our respective subsidiaries are
required to conduct our business in the usual, regular and ordinary course in
all material respects substantially in the same manner as previously conducted
and to use our reasonable efforts to preserve intact our present lines of
business and relationships with third parties.

      In addition to these mutual covenants, Dianon has certain other interim
covenants, including: o restrictions with respect to the paying or declaring of
any dividends (other than from a subsidiary to its parent);

      o     restrictions on Dianon issuing any securities or options;

      o     restrictions with respect to amending its governing documents;

      o     actions which would cause its representations and warranties to be
            no longer true;

      o     that Dianon will not and will not permit any of its subsidiaries to
            commit or authorize any of the foregoing actions; and

      o     that Dianon will not take any action that would prevent the merger
            from qualifying as a reorganization under section 368(a).

      In addition to the mutual covenants described above, UroCor has certain
other interim covenants, including:

                                      I-81

            o     restrictions with respect to the paying or declaring of any
                  dividends (other than from a subsidiary to its parent);

            o     restrictions with respect to the issuance of securities and
                  options;

            o     restrictions with respect to amending its governing documents;

            o     restrictions with respect to acquisitions, dispositions,
                  investments, or indebtedness;

            o     a requirement that UroCor not incur or commit capital
                  expenditures above agreed-upon levels;

            o     that UroCor will not pay or discharge any claims or
                  liabilities, or waive any benefits of or fail to enforce any
                  agreement;

            o     that UroCor will not establish, amend or modify any benefit
                  plans or agreements;

            o     that UroCor shall not increase the compensation of any
                  directors, executive officers or employees; however, UroCor
                  may pay up to an aggregate of $1,200,000 under the UroCor 2001
                  Bonus Plan prior to the effective time;

            o     restrictions on transfer or license of any intellectual
                  property;

            o     that UroCor will not enter or amend any of the specified
                  contracts and obligations;

            o     that UroCor will not obtain any real property;

            o     that UroCor will not increase the headcount of employees;

            o     that UroCor shall not change its accounting methods;

            o     that UroCor will not take actions which would cause its
                  representations and warranties to be no longer true;

            o     that UroCor shall not make material tax elections or take any
                  action that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a
                  reorganization under section 368(a); and

            o     that UroCor will not and will not permit any of its
                  subsidiaries from committing or authorizing any of the
                  foregoing actions.

      Reasonable Efforts Covenant. We have agreed to cooperate with each other
and to use our reasonable efforts to take all actions and do all things
advisable or necessary under the merger agreement and applicable laws to
complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement. However, neither of us will be required for any reason to sell, hold
separate or otherwise dispose of assets, or to conduct our business in a
specified manner.

      Employee Matters.

            o     Prior to the effective time, UroCor may pay up to an aggregate
                  of $1,200,000 under the UroCor 2001 Bonus Plan solely to the
                  employees specified in the merger

                                      I-82

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                  agreement and thereafter shall, prior to the effective time,
                  terminate such plan. Dianon may pay such bonus amounts to
                  UroCor employees who continue to be employed by Dianon
                  following the effective time].

            o     On or before July 1, 2001, UroCor shall take such actions as
                  are necessary to amend the UroCor 1997 Employee Stock Purchase
                  Plan to provide that (a) at the effective time, the offering
                  period under such plan in which the effective time occurs
                  shall expire, (b) no shares of UroCor common stock shall be
                  purchased with respect to such offering period and (c) at the
                  effective time, UroCor shall pay to each participant in such
                  plan in cash an amount equal to the aggregate amount of such
                  participant's payroll deduction contributions accumulated
                  during such offering period through the effective time.

OTHER COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

      Meeting of Stockholders. The merger agreement contains a covenant that we
will each convene a meeting of our stockholders to consider and vote upon the
merger and related transactions as soon as reasonably practicable.

      Insurance and Indemnification. Dianon is obligated, for six years after
the merger, to maintain in effect UroCor's current directors' and officers'
liability insurance (but the annual premiums for such insurance may not exceed
$240,000) covering acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of
the merger. Dianon will cause the surviving corporation in the merger to
maintain in its certificate of incorporation or by-laws for a period of 6 years
the current provisions regarding indemnification of officers, directors and
employees.

      S-8 Registration Statement. Dianon will prepare and file with the SEC a
Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering the issuance of Dianon common
stock issuable on exercise of the UroCor stock options which shall be converted
into options to purchase Dianon common stock, and Dianon shall use its best
efforts to cause the such Registration Statement to become effective on or prior
to the effective time.

      Expenses. We have each agreed to pay our own costs and expenses incurred
in connection with the merger and the merger agreement, subject to termination
of the merger agreement. See "The Merger Agreement--Termination of Merger
Agreement".

      Accountants' Letters. We have each agreed to use our reasonable efforts to
deliver to each other copies of two comfort letters from our independent public
accountants, one dated as of the date the registration statement containing this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is declared effective by the SEC and one dated
as of the closing date of the merger, in form reasonably satisfactory to the
other party and customary in scope for comfort letters delivered by independent
accountants.

      Other Covenants. The merger agreement contains covenants relating to the
cooperation between Dianon and UroCor in the preparation of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and other governmental filings. The merger agreement also
contains additional agreements relating to,

                                      I-83

among other things, public announcements, mutual notice of certain matters and
access to information.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

        The merger agreement contains substantially reciprocal representations
and warranties of Dianon and UroCor as to, among other things:

      o     due organization, standing and power of each party and their
            subsidiaries;

      o     capital structure;

      o     authority to enter into the merger agreement, no conflicts;

      o     timely filing of reports and financial statements;

      o     accuracy of information supplied;

      o     respective board approvals;

      o     stockholder vote required;

      o     disclosure of material litigation;

      o     compliance with laws;

      o     absence of material adverse changes or events;

      o     disclosure of environmental matters;

      o     intellectual property;

      o     brokers or finders;

      o     opinions of financial advisor;

      o     taxes;

      o     certain contracts;

      o     related party transactions;

      o     absence of changes in employee benefit plans;

      o     ERISA compliance; and

      o     labor matters.

                                      I-84

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      In addition, UroCor makes the following representations and warranties:

      o     actions with respect to UroCor Rights Agreement;

      o     accounts receivable and accruals; and

      o     limitation on certain transaction fees.

The merger agreement also contains certain representations and warranties of
Dianon and its wholly-owned merger subsidiary regarding such subsidiary,
including organization, corporate authorization, non-contravention and no prior
business activities.

The representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement do not
survive the effective time of the merger.

CONDITIONS

      Our respective obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or, to the extent legally permissible, the waiver of various
conditions which include, in addition to other customary closing conditions:

      o     the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the merger by
            the UroCor stockholders, and the approval of the share issuance by
            the Dianon stockholders;

      o     the absence of any law, order or injunction prohibiting completion
            of the merger or which would have a material adverse effect on the
            combined company;

      o     the approval for listing by Nasdaq of the Dianon stock to be issued
            in the merger, subject to official notice of issuance;

      o     the receipt of all other governmental and regulatory consents,
            approvals and authorizations necessary for the merger unless not
            obtaining those consents or approvals would not reasonably be
            expected to have a material adverse effect on the combined company,
            taken as a whole;

      o     the SEC having declared effective the Dianon registration statement,
            of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part; and

      o     that there not be pending or threatened any suit, action or
            proceeding by any governmental entity, challenging the acquisition
            by Dianon or its merger subsidiary of any shares of UroCor common
            stock, seeking to restrain or prohibit consummation of the merger,
            seeking to place limitations on the ownership of shares of UroCor
            common stock by Dianon, seeking to prohibit or limit the ownership
            or operation by UroCor or Dianon and their respective subsidiaries
            of any material portion of the business or assets of UroCor or
            Dianon and their respective subsidiaries taken as a whole, or to
            compel UroCor or Dianon and their respective subsidiaries to dispose
            of or hold separate any material portion of the business or assets
            of UroCor or Dianon and their respective subsidiaries taken as a
            whole, as a result of the merger or any of

                                      I-85

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

            the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or
            seeking to prohibit Dianon or any of its subsidiaries from
            effectively controlling in any material respect the business or
            operations of UroCor or Dianon and their respective subsidiaries
            taken as a whole.

      In addition, individually, our respective obligations to effect the merger
are subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent legally permissible, the
waiver of the following additional conditions:

      o     the representations and warranties of the other company contained in
            the merger agreement being true and correct in all material respects
            on the closing date of the merger as if they were made on that date,
            unless they were by their express provisions made as of another
            particular date, in which case the statement must be true and
            correct in all material respects as of that date;

      o     each party having performed or complied in all material respects
            with its obligations and covenants contained in the merger
            agreement;

      o     the receipt of an opinion of each company's counsel to the effect
            that the merger will qualify as a reorganization under the Internal
            Revenue Code and that each of Dianon, UroCor and the Dianon merger
            subsidiary will be a party to the reorganization;

      o     no event having occurred which would trigger a distribution under
            the other company's stockholder rights plan; and

      o     no event or circumstance shall have occurred relating to any
            governmental review or inquiry concerning any product or business
            practice which is likely to result in a material adverse effect on
            each company or its prospects.

TERMINATION OF MERGER AGREEMENT

      Right to Terminate. Dianon and UroCor can mutually agree to terminate the
merger agreement without completing the merger, and either party can terminate
the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:

      o     the merger has not been completed by December 31, 2001 for reasons
            other than relating to regulatory approval, and, in such event, no
            later than March 31, 2002;

      o     a governmental authority or a court order permanently prohibits the
            completion of the merger;

      o     either Dianon's or UroCor's stockholders do not give the required
            approvals necessary to complete the merger; or

      o     the board of directors of UroCor authorizes UroCor to enter into an
            agreement with a third party with respect to an acquisition proposal
            that the board determined is a superior proposal (as defined in the
            merger agreement)

                                      I-86

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

      Dianon may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:

      o     UroCor's board of directors either fails to recommend the merger to
            its stockholders, changes its recommendation, or fails to call the
            UroCor special meeting to vote on the merger;

      o     UroCor or any of its directors, employees or agents breaches the
            "no-solicitation" provision of the merger agreement;

      o     UroCor's board of directors authorizes UroCor to accept an
            acquisition proposal, or, after an acquisition proposal is made
            public, UroCor's board fails to affirm its recommendation of the
            merger with Dianon as soon as practicable and no later than 3
            business days after requested by Dianon;

      o     A tender or exchange offer is commenced and the UroCor board fails
            to recommend against such offer; or

      o     UroCor breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants
            contained in the merger agreement, resulting in its failure to
            satisfy one of the closing conditions to the merger, and, if
            curable, that breach remains uncured for 30 days.

      UroCor may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:

      o     Dianon breaches any of its representations, warranties or covenants
            contained in the merger agreement, resulting in its failure to
            satisfy one of the closing conditions to the merger, and, if
            curable, that breach remains uncured for 30 days.

      Termination Fees and Expenses Payable by UroCor. UroCor has agreed to pay
Dianon a termination fee of $5,128,000 and up to $1,000,000 of Dianon's expenses
if one of the following occurs:

            o Dianon or UroCor terminates because the UroCor stockholder
      approval was not obtained and prior to the UroCor stockholders meeting any
      person shall have made or announced an intention to make an acquisition
      proposal with respect to UroCor;

            o if Dianon or UroCor terminate because UroCor enters into an
      agreement with respect to an acquisition proposal that the UroCor Board
      concludes is a superior proposal;

            o Dianon terminates the merger agreement because:

                  i.    the UroCor board fails to recommend the merger
                        agreement, withdraws or changes its recommendation or
                        fails to call the stockholder meeting;

                  ii.   UroCor breaches the "no solicitation" clause in the
                        merger agreement;

                  iii.  the UroCor board approves or recommends an acquisition
                        proposal or fails to affirm its recommendation of the
                        merger with Dianon;

                                      I-87

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

                  iv.   the UroCor board fails to recommend against a tender
                        offer; or

                  v.    UroCor breaches the merger agreement and within 12
                        months enters into an agreement with a third party with
                        respect to an acquisition proposal; or

      o     Dianon terminates because any person consummates a tender offer or
            exchange offer for UroCor.

AMENDMENTS, EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS

      The merger agreement may be amended by the parties at any time, provided
that if the merger agreement is amendment after the stockholder meetings then
approval of such amendment by the stockholders may be required under applicable
law or stock exchange rules. All amendments to the merger agreement must be in a
writing signed by each party.

      At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, any party to the
merger agreement may, to the extent legally allowed:

      o     extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
            other acts of the other parties to the merger agreement;

      o     waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
            other parties contained in the merger agreement; and

      o     waive compliance by the other parties with any of the agreements or
            conditions contained in the merger agreement.

      All extensions and waivers must be in writing and signed by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective.

                                      I-88

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                   CHAPTER TWO

                             SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

      The following tables include financial results actually achieved by Dianon
and UroCor ("historical" amounts) as well as results assuming that the companies
had been combined for the periods shown (the "pro forma combined" amounts) under
the purchase method of accounting.

      The historical information is derived from:

      o     the audited financial statements of Dianon as of and for the years
            ended December 31, 1996 through December 31, 2000 and the unaudited
            financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31,
            2001 and March 31, 2000; and

      o     the audited financial statements of UroCor as of and for the years
            ended December 31, 1996 through December 31, 2000 and the unaudited
            financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31,
            2001 and March 31, 2000.

      The pro forma information is derived from the Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Statements, appearing elsewhere herein, which
combine the historical consolidated financial statements of Dianon and UroCor
and give effect to the merger as if it had been consummated on March 31, 2001
for the balance sheet and on January 1, 2000 for the income statement when
presented for the year ended December 31, 2000. The pro forma income statement
presented as of March 31, 2001 reflect effects of the merger if it had been
consummated on January 1, 2001.

      You should not assume that Dianon and UroCor would have achieved the
combined pro forma results if they had actually been combined during the periods
shown. The selected financial data included in this section should be read in
conjunction with the historical Consolidated Financial Statements of Dianon and
UroCor and the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements,
including the notes thereto, included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                      II-1

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                     CONSOLIDATED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF
                       DIANON SYSTEMS, INC. -- HISTORICAL

                                 AS OF AND     AS OF AND
                                  FOR THE       FOR THE
                                   THREE         THREE
                                  MONTHS        MONTHS                               AS OF AND FOR THE
                                   ENDED         ENDED                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                 MARCH 31,     MARCH 31,       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2001          2000          2000          1999          1998          1997          1996
                                -----------   -----------      -----         -----         -----         -----         -----
                                (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)                  (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net revenues .............         $26.8         $22.1         $95.7         $76.1         $62.2         $60.9         $56.0

Net income ...............           2.1           1.3           6.6           4.1           3.0           3.3           2.2

Depreciation .............            .8            .7           3.2           2.8           2.6           2.9           2.1
Cash dividends paid ......            --            --            --            --            --            --            --
Working capital ..........          32.9          26.8          32.6          25.3          24.3          21.4          18.1
Total assets .............          61.1          53.2          61.8          52.1          36.7          36.9          34.5
Long-term obligations ....            .2           5.8           2.7           6.4            .1            .1            .3
Stockholders' equity .....          54.5          40.5          52.3          38.8          31.4          29.1          26.6

Per common share data:
  Basic:
    Net income ...........           .28           .18           .92           .61           .44           .51           .35

  Diluted:
    Net income ...........           .26           .17           .84           .59           .43           .48           .35

Cash dividends paid per
  share ..................            --            --            --            --            --            --            --

Weighted average shares
  used to calculate:
  Basic earnings per share
  amounts ................           7.4           7.0           7.2           6.8           6.7           6.4           6.2
  Diluted earnings per share
  amounts ................           8.0           7.6           7.8           7.1           6.9           6.8           6.3

                                      II-2

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                     CONSOLIDATED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF
                   UROCOR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES -- HISTORICAL

                                 AS OF AND     AS OF AND
                                  FOR THE       FOR THE
                                   THREE         THREE
                                  MONTHS        MONTHS                               AS OF AND FOR THE
                                   ENDED         ENDED                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                 MARCH 31,     MARCH 31,       ------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2001          2000          2000          1999          1998          1997         1996
                                -----------   -----------      -----         -----         -----         -----        -----
                                (UNAUDITED)   (UNAUDITED)                  (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net revenues ................      $15.4        $12.0          $52.6         $45.5         $47.6         $33.0        $26.5

                                     4.0           .4           (4.8)         (4.1)         (2.5)          4.3          2.4
Net income (loss)

Depreciation and
  non-intangible amortization         .6           .7            2.6           2.9           2.6           1.6          1.1
Cash dividends paid .........         --           --             --            --            --            --           --
Working capital .............       21.1         23.6           13.4          21.6          34.5          37.4         34.9
Total assets ................       54.4         44.5           51.3          42.2          53.3          54.5         50.3
Long-term obligations .......        1.1           .4            1.2            .3            --            .2           .7
Stockholders' equity ........       39.3         38.6           35.1          37.9          48.8          50.8         45.7

Per common share data:
  Basic .....................        .41          .04           (.50)         (.41)         (.24)          .42          .27
  Diluted ...................        .38          .04           (.50)         (.41)         (.24)          .38          .24

Cash dividends paid per share         --           --             --            --            --            --           --

Weighted average shares used
  to calculate:
  Basic earnings per share
  amounts ...................        9.8          9.4            9.7           9.9          10.4          10.2          8.7
  Diluted earnings per share
  amounts ...................       10.5          9.7            9.7           9.9          10.4          11.1          9.8

                                      II-3

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF
                                DIANON AND UROCOR

                                         AS OF AND FOR THE     AS OF AND FOR THE
                                         THREE MONTHS ENDED        YEAR ENDED
                                              MARCH 31,           DECEMBER 31,
                                                2001                  2000
                                         ------------------    -----------------
                                           (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

  Net revenues ................               $  42.2                $ 148.2
  Net income ..................               $   3.2                $   7.5

  Per common share data:
    Net income:
    Basic .....................               $   .29                $   .70
    Diluted ...................               $   .27                $   .65

  Cash dividends paid per share                    --                     --

  Total assets ................               $ 283.4
  Long-term obligations .......               $   4.1

                                      II-4

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                DIANON AND UROCOR
                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet combines the
historical consolidated balance sheet of Dianon and the historical consolidated
balance sheet of UroCor, giving effect to the merger as if it had been
consummated on March 31, 2001. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Statements of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and the year
ended December 31, 2000 combine the historical consolidated statements of income
of Dianon and UroCor, giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on
January 1, 2001 and January 1, 2000, respectively. The unaudited pro forma
financial statements give effect to the merger using the purchase method of
accounting.

      This information should be read in conjunction with the:

            o     accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
                  Combined Financial Statements; and

            o     separate historical financial statements of Dianon as of and
                  for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and 2000 and as of
                  and for the three years ended December 31, 2000, which are
                  contained in Dianon's Quarterly and Annual Reports on Form
                  10-Q dated April 27, 2001 and Form 10-K dated March 12, 2001,
                  respectively; and

            o     separate historical financial statements of UroCor as of and
                  for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 and as of and for the
                  three years ended December 31, 2000, which are contained in
                  UroCor's Quarterly and Annual Reports on Form 10-Q dated May
                  14, 2001 and Form 10-K dated March 30, 2001, respectively.

      The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the financial
position and results of operations that would have been achieved had the merger
been consummated on the dates indicated or of future operations of the combined
company.

                                      II-5

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

                              AS OF MARCH 31, 2001

                                                                                      PRO FORMA                       PRO FORMA
                                                     DIANON           UROCOR         ADJUSTMENTS           NOTES       COMBINED
                                                     ------           ------         -----------           -----      ---------
                                                                                    (IN MILLIONS)

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents .................          $ 11.8           $ 18.6           $(17.9)              (1)         $ 12.5
Accounts receivable, net ..................            23.0             13.4                                              36.4
Deferred income tax asset .................              .7              1.1                                               1.8
Other current assets ......................             3.8              2.1                                               5.9
                                                     ------           ------           ------                           ------
        Total current assets ..............            39.3             35.2            (17.9)                            56.6

Property and equipment, net ...............             5.4              9.9             (3.2)              (2)           12.1
Intangible assets, net ....................            14.0              5.8            189.0               (3)          208.8
Deferred income tax asset .................             1.7              3.0                                               4.7
Other long-term assets ....................              .7               .5                                               1.2
                                                     ------           ------           ------                           ------
        Total assets ......................          $ 61.1           $ 54.4           $167.9                           $283.4
                                                     ======           ======           ======                           ======

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ..             6.3              4.6             (1.9)              (4)            9.0
Accrued special charges ...................              --              9.4                                               9.4
                                                     ------           ------           ------                           ------
        Total current liabilities .........             6.3             14.0             (1.9)                            18.4
Long-term portion of capitalized lease
  obligations .............................              --               .6                                                .6
Deferred income tax liabilities ...........              .2               --              2.8               (5)            3.0
Deferred compensation .....................              --               .5                                                .5
                                                     ------           ------           ------                           ------
        Total liabilities .................             6.5             15.1               .9                             22.5

Stockholders' Equity
Common stock ..............................              .1               .1              (.1)              (6)             .1
Additional paid-in capital ................            36.1             59.7            146.6               (6)          242.4
Retained earnings .........................            18.5            (15.1)            15.1               (6)           18.5
Treasury stock, at cost ...................             (.1)            (5.4)             5.4               (6)            (.1)
                                                     ------           ------           ------                           ------
        Total stockholders' equity ........            54.6             39.3            167.0                            260.9
                                                     ------           ------           ------                           ------
        Total liabilities and stockholders'
          equity ..........................          $ 61.1           $ 54.4           $167.9                           $283.4
                                                     ======           ======           ======                           ======

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
           Statements which are an integral part of these statements.

                                      II-6

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED

                               STATEMENT OF INCOME

                    FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001

                                                                                             PRO FORMA                     PRO FORMA
                                                         DIANON            UROCOR           ADJUSTMENTS         NOTES       COMBINED
                                                        --------          --------          -----------         -----      ---------
                                                                             (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net revenues .................................          $   26.8          $   15.4           $                               $  42.2

Costs and expenses:

  Cost of sales ..............................              15.0               5.2                                              20.2

  Selling, informational and administrative
  expenses ...................................               8.0               8.1                 .2            (7)            16.3

  Research and development ...................                .4                .3                                                .7
                                                        --------          --------           --------                        -------

Income (loss) from operations ................               3.4               1.8                (.2)                           5.0
                                                        --------          --------           --------                        -------

Gain on termination of therapeutic agreement
                                                              --               4.6               (4.6)           (9)              --

Net interest income ..........................                .1                .2                                                .3
                                                        --------          --------           --------                        -------

Income before provision for income taxes

                                                             3.5               6.6               (4.8)                           5.3

Provision for income taxes ...................               1.4               2.6               (1.9)           (8)             2.1
                                                        --------          --------           --------                        -------

Net income ...................................          $    2.1          $    4.0           $   (2.9)                       $   3.2
                                                        ========          ========           ========                        =======

Net income per common
  share -- basic .............................          $    .28          $    .41                                           $   .29

Net income per common
  share -- diluted ...........................          $    .26          $    .38                                           $   .27

Weighted average shares used to calculate
  earnings
  per common share amounts

  Basic ......................................               7.4               9.8                                              11.0

  Diluted ....................................               8.0              10.5                                              11.8

Cash dividends paid per common share .........          $     --          $     --                                           $    --

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
           Statements which are an integral part of these statements.

                                      II-7

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED

                               STATEMENT OF INCOME

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                                                                          PRO FORMA                       PRO FORMA
                                                         DIANON           UROCOR         ADJUSTMENTS        NOTES         COMBINED
                                                         ------           ------         -----------        -----         --------
                                                                             (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net revenues ..................................          $ 95.6           $ 52.6           $                               $ 148.2
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales ...............................            54.1             19.8                                              73.9

  Selling, informational and administrative
  expenses ....................................            29.8             27.8                .8             (7)            58.4

  Research and development ....................             1.0              1.4                                               2.4

  Special charges .............................              --             10.3             (10.3)           (10)              --
                                                         ------           ------           -------                         -------

Income (loss) from operations .................            10.7             (6.7)              9.5                            13.5
                                                         ------           ------           -------                         -------

Net interest income ...........................              .4               .7                                               1.1
                                                         ------           ------           -------                         -------
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes
                                                           11.1             (6.0)              9.5                            14.6

Provision for income taxes (benefit) ..........             4.5             (1.2)              3.8             (8)             7.1
                                                         ------           ------           -------                         -------

Net income (loss) .............................          $  6.6           $ (4.8)          $   5.7                         $   7.5
                                                         ======           ======           =======                         =======

Net income per common
  share-- basic ...............................          $  .92           $ (.50)                                          $   .70

Net income per common
  share-- diluted .............................          $  .84           $ (.50)                                          $   .65

Weighted average shares used to calculate
  earnings per common share amounts

  Basic .......................................             7.2              9.7                                              10.7

  Diluted .....................................             7.8              9.7                                              11.6

Cash dividends paid per common share ..........          $   --           $   --                                           $    --

   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
           Statements which are an integral part of these statements.

                                      II-8

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                      NOTES TO PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DIANON Systems, Inc. ("Dianon") and UroCor, Inc. ("UroCor") entered into an
agreement and plan of merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement dated June 28,
2001, whereby UroCor will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Dianon. The Merger
Agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger each UroCor share
issued and outstanding will be converted into Dianon common stock at an exchange
ratio of .4064 if the Dianon stock price is less than or equal to $44.29. If the
Dianon stock price is greater than $44.29, the exchange ratio will equal a
quotient, the numerator of which is $18.00 and the denominator of which is the
Dianon stock price. Based on a Dianon closing price of $50.23 on July 27, 2001,
UroCor, shareholders would receive .3584 shares of Dianon's common stock for
each of their shares of UroCor's common stock. The merger will be accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the acquiring
company records the acquired assets less assumed liabilities at fair value. Any
difference between the acquisition cost and the sum of the fair values of the
acquired company's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.

Following is the unaudited pro forma purchase price and unaudited pro forma
purchase price allocation based on the UroCor unaudited March 31, 2001 balance
sheet and assumes the issuance of Dianon shares as of the July 27, 2001 closing
price.

The amount and components of the estimated pro forma purchase price along with
the preliminary allocation of such purchase price are as follows (in thousands,
except shares and share price):

Dianon shares to be issued                                            3,576,484
Closing price on July 27, 2001                                      $     50.23
                                                                    -----------
                                                                    $   179,647

Fair value of Dianon options to be issued in exchange
for UroCor options                                                       26,628
Estimated transaction costs and assumed liabilities                      18,500
                                                                    -----------
Total consideration and costs                                       $   224,775
                                                                    ===========

Pro Forma purchase price allocation:

Historical book value of net assets acquired                        $    39,300
Pro forma adjustments:
Write off of capitalized software                                        (3,200)
Write off of UroCor goodwill and other intangibles                       (5,800)
Tax effect adjustments and expenses                                        (320)
Fair value of identifiable intangible assets recorded
upon consummation                                                        16,000
                                                                    -----------
Fair value of net assets acquired                                        45,980
Goodwill                                                                178,795
                                                                    -----------
Total purchase price                                                $   224,775
                                                                    ===========

                                      II-9

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Merger related fees and expenses primarily consisting of SEC filing fees, fees
of investment bankers, attorneys and accountants, and financial printing
directly related to the transaction are estimated to be $12.3 million.
Integration related costs include severance of approximately 200 UroCor
employees currently estimated to be $6.2 million, of which $5.6 million will be
paid at the closing with the balance of $.6 million to be paid subsequent to the
consummation of the merger.

The final purchase price will be determined based on the actual value of the
Dianon shares and options issued as well as actual transaction costs and other
accruable costs. The purchase price will be allocated to the assets purchased
and liabilities assumed based on their fair values. Dianon has engaged a
nationally recognized accounting firm to assist in determining the fair values
of the assets and liabilities acquired. This valuation will be completed after
the merger is consummated.

The final purchase price allocation will reflect any other assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, including pre-acquisition contingencies as appropriate.
Such pre-acquisition contingencies may include expenses relating to the UroCor
DOJ investigation, including without limitation, the administration of the
UroCor DOJ settlement (including compliance with the UroCor corporate integrity
agreement), any related governmental investigations or proceedings (including
the criminal investigation referenced in the UroCor corporate integrity
agreement) and any potential indemnification of legal and other fees and costs
for current and past directors, officers and employees of UroCor. Dianon
currently estimates that these potential indemnification expenses could amount
to up to $6 million.

Subsequent to the consummation of the merger, Dianon will implement a plan to
integrate the UroCor business into Dianon. This will result in the restructuring
of, among other items, UroCor's current staffing levels and billing systems. As
a result, it is possible that certain accounts receivable will not be collected.
Dianon's management believes these amounts could be $3 to $5 million. Any such
adjustment to the accounts receivable balances as a result of the merger and
integration activities will be charged to operations subsequent to the merger,
and, accordingly, no adjustment is reflected in the pro forma condensed combined
financial statements.

(1)   Represents cash used at closing for merger related expenses including
      transaction costs of $12.3 million and severance of $5.6 million discussed
      above.

(2)   Represents write-off of capitalized software primarily related to UroCor's
      billing system that will not be used once the merger takes place.

(3)   Represents goodwill and other intangibles recorded upon consummation of
      the transaction net of the elimination of UroCor intangibles.

(4)   Represents accrual for severance to be paid after closing ($.6 million),
      net of current tax benefit ($2.5 million) on total severance payments.

                                     II-10

                                           CHAPTER TWO - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

(5)   Represents the net deferred tax liability related to $16 million of
      customer lists and other identifiable intangible assets offset by the
      deferred tax effect of the write-off of $5.8 million of UroCor intangible
      assets and $3.2 million of capitalized software.

(6)   Represents equity issued of $206.3 million to effect the transaction
      offset by the elimination of UroCor equity of $39.3 million.

(7)   Represents the amortization of the customer lists and other identifiable
      intangibles acquired in the transaction which, amortized over a useful
      life ranging from 7 to 15 years. This amortization of $1.0 million and $.3
      million is offset by the elimination of UroCor intangible amortization
      expense of $.2 million and $.1 million for the year ended December 31,
      2000 and for the three months ended March 31, 2001, respectively.

(8)   Represents tax effect of pro-forma adjustments, as applicable.

(9)   Represents the elimination of a non-recurring gain of $4.6 million for the
      three months ended March 31, 2001 attributable to the termination in
      February 2001 of UroCor's distribution agreement with the manufacturer of
      a therapeutic product previously distributed by UroCor.

(10)  Represents the elimination of a non-recurring charge of $10.3 million for
      the year ended December 31, 2000 for settlement costs and legal fees
      incurred pursuant to the tentative settlement with the Department of
      Justice discussed above.

                                     II-11

                       CHAPTER THREE - INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

                                  CHAPTER THREE

                    INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

      Dianon's board of directors is using this joint proxy statement/prospectus
to solicit proxies from the holders of Dianon common stock for use at the annual
meeting of Dianon's stockholders. The UroCor board of directors is also using
this document to solicit proxies from the holders of UroCor common stock for use
at the UroCor special meeting. We are first mailing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and accompanying form of proxy to Dianon and UroCor
stockholders on or about August 29, 2001.

MATTERS RELATING TO THE MEETINGS

                                        DIANON MEETING                   UROCOR MEETING
                                ------------------------------  -------------------------------

               Time and Place:  October 1, 2001 at 10:00 a.m.    October 1, 2001 at 11:00 a.m.
                                at Dianon's headquarters at      local time, at the Renaissance
                                200 Watson Boulevard,            Hotel, 10 Broadway, Oklahoma
                                Stratford, Connecticut.          City, Oklahoma.

 Purpose of Meeting is to Vote  1. To authorize the issuance     1. The proposal to adopt the
       on the Following Items:     of Dianon common stock in        merger agreement and
                                   the merger as described in       approve the merger as
                                   "Chapter One-The Merger";        described in "Chapter
                                                                    One-The Merger"; and

                                2. To elect eight members to     2. To transact such other
                                   the Dianon board of              business as may properly
                                   directors to serve until         come before the UroCor
                                   the next annual meeting, as      meeting, any adjournment or
                                   described in "Chapter            postponement of the meeting.
                                   Five-Other Dianon Annual
                                   Meeting Proposals";

                                3. To approve Arthur Andersen
                                   LLP as our independent
                                   public accountants for the
                                   2001 fiscal year as
                                   described in "Chapter
                                   Five-Other Dianon Annual
                                   Meeting Proposals";

                                4. To approve and adopt the
                                   2001 Stock Incentive Plan
                                   as described in "Chapter
                                   Five-Other Dianon Annual
                                   Meeting Proposals"; and

                                5. To transact such other
                                   business as may properly
                                   come before the meeting and
                                   any adjournment or
                                   postponement.

                                     III-1

                       CHAPTER THREE - INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

                                        DIANON MEETING                   UROCOR MEETING
                                ------------------------------  -------------------------------

                  Record Date:  The record date for shares       The record date for shares
                                entitled to vote is August 29,   entitled to vote is August 29,
                                2001.                            2001.

       Outstanding Shares Held  As of August 29, 2001, there     As of August 29, 2001, there
               on Record Date:  were approximately               were approximately
                                [          ]   shares of         [          ]  shares of UroCor
                                Dianon common stock              common stock outstanding.
                                outstanding.

      Shares Entitled to Vote:  Shares entitled to vote are      Shares entitled to vote are
                                the Dianon common stock held     the UroCor common stock held
                                at the close of business on      at the close of business on
                                the record date, August 29,      the record date, August
                                2001.                            29, 2001.

                                Each share of Dianon common      Each share of UroCor common
                                stock that you own entitles      stock that you own entitles
                                you to one vote.  Shares held    you to one vote.  Shares held
                                by Dianon in its treasury are    by UroCor in its treasury are
                                not voted.                       not voted.

           Quorum Requirement:  A quorum of stockholders is      A quorum of stockholders is
                                necessary to hold a valid        necessary to hold a valid
                                meeting.                         meeting.

                                The presence in person or by     The presence in person or by
                                proxy at the meeting of          proxy at the meeting of
                                holders of a majority of the     holders of a majority of the
                                outstanding shares of Dianon     outstanding shares of UroCor
                                common stock entitled to vote    common stock entitled to vote
                                at the meeting is a quorum.      at the meeting is a quorum.
                                Abstentions and broker           Abstentions and broker
                                "non-votes" count as present     "non-votes" count as present
                                for establishing a quorum.       for establishing a quorum.
                                Shares held by Dianon in its     Shares held by UroCor in its
                                treasury do not count toward a   treasury do not count toward a
                                quorum.                          quorum.

                                A broker non-vote occurs on an   A broker non-vote occurs on an
                                item when a broker is not        item when a broker is not
                                permitted to vote on that item   permitted to vote on that item
                                without instruction from the     without instruction from the
                                beneficial owner of the shares   beneficial owner of the shares
                                and no instruction is given.     and no instruction is given.

Shares Beneficially Owned by    [   ] shares of Dianon common    [   ] shares of UroCor common
Dianon and UroCor Directors     stock, including exercisable     stock, including exercisable
and Executive Officers as of    options.  These shares           options.  These shares
August 29, 2001:                represent in total               represent in total
                                approximately [  ]% of the       approximately [  ]% of the
                                outstanding shares of Dianon     outstanding shares of UroCor
                                common stock.                    common stock.

                                     III-2

                       CHAPTER THREE - INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

VOTE NECESSARY TO APPROVE DIANON AND UROCOR PROPOSALS

COMPANY                                              VOTE NECESSARY
- -------                                              --------------

Dianon:                                   1.  Approval of the proposal to
                                              authorize the issuance of Dianon
                                              common stock for completion of the
                                              merger requires the affirmative
                                              vote of at least a majority of the
                                              votes cast by the holders of
                                              Dianon common stock provided that
                                              the total votes cast represent a
                                              majority of the outstanding shares
                                              of Dianon common stock.
                                              Abstentions and broker non-votes
                                              have the same effect as a vote
                                              against the proposal.

                                          2.  A plurality of the vote cast is
                                              required for the election of
                                              directors. This means that the
                                              director nominee with the most
                                              votes for a particular slot is
                                              elected for that slot. Abstentions
                                              and broker non-votes count as
                                              present for establishing a quorum
                                              but are not counted for purposes
                                              of election of directors.

                                          3.  The affirmative vote of a majority
                                              of shares present in person or
                                              represented by proxy and entitled
                                              to vote is required to approve the
                                              appointment of Arthur Andersen LLP
                                              as Dianon's independent public
                                              accountants for the 2001 fiscal
                                              year. Abstentions and broker
                                              non-votes are not counted as votes
                                              "for" or "against" the proposals,
                                              but are counted in determining the
                                              number of shares present or
                                              represented on each of the
                                              proposals.

                                          4.  The affirmative vote of a majority
                                              of shares present in person or
                                              represented by proxy and entitled
                                              to vote is required to approve the
                                              2001 Stock Incentive Plan.
                                              Abstentions and broker non-votes
                                              are not counted as votes "for" or
                                              "against" the proposals, but are
                                              counted in determining the number
                                              of shares present or represented
                                              on each of the proposals and thus
                                              are effectively votes against the
                                              proposals.

UroCor:                                   1.  Adoption of the merger agreement
                                              and approval of the merger
                                              requires the affirmative vote of
                                              at least a majority of the
                                              outstanding shares of UroCor
                                              common stock. Abstentions and
                                              broker non-votes have the same
                                              effect as a vote against the
                                              proposal.

- ----------
*   Under Nasdaq rules, if your broker holds your shares in its name, your
    broker is permitted to vote your shares on the election of directors, the
    proposal to approve the appointment of the independent public accountants
    and the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan even if it does not receive voting
    instructions from you. Your broker may not vote your shares on any proposal
    concerning the merger transaction, absent instruction from you. Without your
    voting instructions, a broker non-vote will occur on those items and will
    not be counted as voted or as present or represented on these proposals.

PROXIES

      Voting Your Proxy. You may vote in person at your meeting or by proxy. We
recommend you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend your meeting. You can
always change your vote at the meeting.

                                     III-3

                       CHAPTER THREE - INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

      Voting instructions are included on your proxy card. If you properly give
your proxy and submit it to us in time to vote, one of the individuals named as
your proxy will vote your shares as you have directed. You may vote for or
against the proposals or abstain from voting.

HOW TO VOTE BY PROXY

      Dianon Stockholders. Mark your proxy, date and sign it, and return it to
[ ] in the postage-paid envelope provided. If the envelope is missing, please
address your completed proxy card to DIANON Systems, Inc., 200 Watson Boulevard,
Startford, Connecticut 06615, Attention: David R. Schreiber, Chief Financial
Officer.

      UroCor Stockholders. Mark your proxy, date and sign it, and return it to
[ ] in the postage-paid envelope provided. If the envelope is missing, please
address your completed proxy card to UroCor, Inc. 840 Research Parkway, Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma 73104, Attention: Bruce C. Hayden, Chief Financial Officer.

If you submit your proxy but do not make specific choices, your proxy will
follow the respective board of director recommendations and vote your shares:

                                     DIANON
                                     ------

o     "FOR" the share issuance proposal

o     "FOR" election of the director nominees

o     "FOR" approval of Arthur Andersen LLP as independent public accountants

o     "FOR" the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan

o     "FOR" any proposal to adjourn the Dianon meeting

o     In its discretion as to any other business as may properly come before the
      Dianon meeting

                                     UROCOR
                                     ------

o     "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the merger

o     "FOR" any proposal to adjourn the UroCor meeting

o     In its discretion as to any other business as may properly come before the
      UroCor meeting

      Revoking Your Proxy. You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is
voted by:

      o     timely delivery of a valid, later-dated proxy;

      o     written notice to your company's Secretary before the meeting that
            you have revoked your proxy; or

      o     voting by ballot at either the Dianon annual meeting or UroCor
            special meeting.

      Voting in Person. If you plan to attend a meeting and wish to vote in
person, we will give you a ballot at the meeting. However, if your shares are
held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring an
account statement or letter from the nominee indicating that you are the
beneficial owner of the shares on August 29, 2001, the record date for voting.

                                     III-4

                       CHAPTER THREE - INFORMATION ABOUT THE MEETINGS AND VOTING

      Proxy Solicitation. We will pay our own costs of soliciting proxies.

      In addition to this mailing, proxies may be solicited by directors,
officers or employees of Dianon and UroCor in person or by telephone or
electronic transmission. Dianon has hired American Stock Transfer and Trust Co.
to assist it in the distribution and solicitation of proxies. Dianon will pay
American Stock Transfer and Trust Co. a fee of approximately $5,000, plus
reasonable expenses for these services. UroCor has hired [ ] to assist it in the
distribution and solicitation of proxies. UroCor will pay [ ] a fee of
approximately $7,500, plus expenses, to help with the solicitation.

      The extent to which these proxy soliciting efforts will be necessary
depends entirely upon how promptly proxies are submitted. You should send in
your proxy without delay by mail. We also reimburse brokers and other nominees
for their expenses in sending these materials to you and getting your voting
instructions.

      Do not send in any stock certificates with your proxy cards. The exchange
agent will mail transmittal forms with instructions for the surrender of stock
certificates for UroCor common stock to former UroCor stockholders as soon as
practicable after the completion of the merger.

OTHER BUSINESS; ADJOURNMENTS

      We are not currently aware of any other business to be acted upon at
either meeting. If, however, other matters are properly brought before either
meeting, or any adjourned meeting, your proxies will have discretion to vote or
act on those matters according to their best judgment, including to adjourn the
meeting.

      Adjournments may be made for the purpose of, among other things,
soliciting additional proxies. Any adjournment may be made from time to time by
approval of the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes present
in person or by proxy at the meeting, whether or not a quorum exists, without
further notice other than by an announcement made at the meeting. Neither of us
currently intends to seek an adjournment of our meeting.

DIANON STOCKHOLDER ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE

      Dianon's transfer agent is American Stock Transfer and Trust Co. All
communications concerning accounts of Dianon stockholders of record, including
address changes, name changes, inquiries as to requirements to transfer shares
of common stock and similar issues can be handled by calling American Stock
Transfer and Trust Co. at (718) 921-8200. For other information about Dianon,
stockholders can visit our web site at www.dianon.com.

                                     III-5

                                        CHAPTER FOUR - CERTAIN LEGAL INFORMATION

                                  CHAPTER FOUR

                            CERTAIN LEGAL INFORMATION

                 COMPARISON OF DIANON/UROCOR STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

      The rights of UroCor stockholders under the Delaware General Corporation
Law, the UroCor certificate of incorporation and the UroCor by-laws prior to the
completion of the merger differ from the rights that they will have as Dianon
stockholders following the completion of the merger under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the Dianon certificate of incorporation and the Dianon by-laws.
The following is a summary of the material differences between the current
rights of UroCor stockholders and the rights those stockholders will have as
Dianon stockholders following the merger.

      Copies of the UroCor certificate of incorporation, the UroCor by-laws, the
Dianon certificate of incorporation and the Dianon by-laws are incorporated by
reference and will be sent to holders of shares of UroCor common stock upon
request. See "Where You Can Find More Information". The summary contained in the
following chart is not intended to be complete or to identify all differences
that may, under given situations, be material to stockholders and is subject in
all respects, and is qualified by reference to the Delaware General Corporation
Law, the UroCor certificate of incorporation, the UroCor by-laws, the Dianon
certificate of incorporation and the Dianon by-laws.

SUMMARY OF MATERIAL DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CURRENT RIGHTS OF UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS
AND RIGHTS THOSE STOCKHOLDERS WILL HAVE AS DIANON STOCKHOLDERS FOLLOWING THE
MERGER

                                   UROCOR STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS        DIANON STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                   -------------------------        -------------------------

         Corporate Governance:  Upon completion of the merger,   Upon completion of the merger,
                                the rights of UroCor             the rights of Dianon
                                stockholders who become Dianon   stockholders will be governed
                                stockholders in the merger       by the Delaware General
                                will be governed by the          Corporation Law, Dianon's
                                Delaware General Corporation     certificate of incorporation
                                Law, Dianon's certificate of     and Dianon's by-laws.  The
                                incorporation and Dianon's       certificate of incorporation
                                by-laws.  The certificate of     and by-laws of Dianon after
                                incorporation and by-laws of     the merger will be identical
                                Dianon after the merger will     in all respects to those of
                                be identical in all respects     Dianon prior to the merger.
                                to those of Dianon prior to
                                the merger.

     Authorized Capital Stock:  The authorized capital stock     The authorized capital stock
                                of UroCor consists of 20         of Dianon is set forth under
                                million shares of common         "Description of Dianon Capital
                                stock, par value $0.01 per       Stock--Authorized Capital
                                share, and 6 million shares of   Stock" below.
                                preferred stock, par value
                                $0.01 per share.  No shares of
                                preferred stock are
                                outstanding and the holders of
                                UroCor common stock do not
                                have any preemptive rights.

                                      IV-1

                                        CHAPTER FOUR - CERTAIN LEGAL INFORMATION

                                   UROCOR STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS        DIANON STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                   -------------------------        -------------------------

          Number of Directors:  UroCor's board of directors      Dianon's board of directors
                                currently consists of 8          currently consists of 8
                                directors.                       directors.

             Classification of  UroCor's board of directors is   Dianon does not have a
           Board of Directors:  divided into three classes,      classified board.  Dianon's
                                with each class serving a        by-laws require that all
                                staggered three-year term.       directors be elected at each
                                                                 annual meeting of stockholders
                                                                 to serve until the next annual
                                                                 meeting of stockholders.

         Removal of Directors:  UroCor's organizational          Dianon's by-laws provide that
                                documents do not have any        directors may be removed from
                                provisions relating to removal   office, with or without cause,
                                of directors. Delaware law       by the affirmative vote of a
                                provides that when the board     majority of the outstanding
                                of directors is classified, a    stock entitled to vote.
                                directors may be removed only
                                for cause by the holders of a
                                majority of outstanding
                                shares.

            Stockholder Action  UroCor stockholders may act by   Dianon stockholders may not
           by Written Consent:  written consent in lieu of a     act by written consent in lieu
                                meeting of stockholders.         of a meeting of stockholders.

      Call of Special Meetings  UroCor's by-laws provide that    Dianon's by-laws provide that
              of Stockholders:  a special meeting of             a special meeting of
                                stockholders may be called for   stockholders may be called for
                                any purpose or purposes only     any purpose or purposes only
                                by (i) the president or (ii) a   by (i) the chairman of the
                                majority of the entire board     board of directors or (ii) a
                                of directors.                    majority of the entire board
                                                                 of directors.

                  Amendment of  UroCor's by-laws may be          Dianon's by-laws may only be
  Certificate of Incorporation  amended by a vote of a           amended by an affirmative vote
                  and By-laws:  majority of the outstanding      of a supermajority (80%) of
                                shares of UroCor common stock,   the outstanding shares of
                                or by a majority of the entire   Dianon common stock, or by a
                                board of directors.              majority of the board of
                                                                 directors.

                                UroCor's certificate of          Dianon's certificate of
                                incorporation generally may be   incorporation generally may be
                                amended by the affirmative       amended by the affirmative
                                vote of the holders of at        vote of the majority of the
                                least a majority of the voting   outstanding shares, however
                                power of the outstanding         the affirmative vote of a
                                stock.                           supermajority (80%) of the
                                                                 outstanding shares is
                                                                 necessary to amend Articles
                                                                 Fifth, Seventh, Eighths, Ninth
                                                                 and Eleventh (or by at least
                                                                 66 2/3 of the combined voting
                                                                 power not beneficially owned
                                                                 by an Interested Stockholder).

                                      IV-2

                                        CHAPTER FOUR - CERTAIN LEGAL INFORMATION

                                   UROCOR STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS        DIANON STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                   -------------------------        -------------------------

      Stockholder Rights Plan:  UroCor entered into a Rights     Dianon entered into a Rights
                                Agreement, dated as of August    Agreement, dated as of April
                                17, 1998, as amended June 28,    29, 1994, as amended as of
                                2001, between UroCor and         October 4, 1995, between
                                American Stock Transfer and      Dianon and American Stock
                                Trust Company, as Rights         Transfer and Trust Company, as
                                Agent, pursuant to which         Rights Agent, pursuant to
                                UroCor has issued rights,        which Dianon has issued
                                exercisable only upon the        rights, exercisable only upon
                                occurrence of certain events,    the occurrence of certain
                                to purchase its Series I         events, to purchase its Series
                                Preferred Stock.                 A Junior Participating
                                                                 Preferred Stock.

                       DESCRIPTION OF DIANON CAPITAL STOCK

      The following summary of the terms of the capital stock of Dianon prior
to, and after completion of, the merger is not meant to be complete and is
qualified by reference to Dianon's certificate of incorporation and Dianon's
by-laws. Copies of Dianon's certificate of incorporation and Dianon's by-laws
are incorporated by reference and will be sent to holders of shares of Dianon
common stock and UroCor common stock upon request. See "Where You Can Find More
Information".

AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK

      Under Dianon's certificate of incorporation, Dianon's authorized capital
stock consists of 20 million shares of Dianon common stock, $0.01 par value, and
5 million shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value.

DIANON COMMON STOCK

      Dianon Common Stock Outstanding. The outstanding shares of Dianon common
stock are, and the shares of Dianon common stock issued pursuant to the merger
will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

      Voting Rights. Each holder of Dianon common stock is entitled to one vote
for each share of Dianon common stock held of record on the applicable record
date on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except

      Dividend Rights; Rights Upon Liquidation. The holders of Dianon common
stock are entitled to receive, from funds legally available for the payment
thereof, dividends when and as declared by resolution of Dianon's board of
directors, subject to any preferential dividend rights granted to the holders of
any outstanding Dianon preferred stock. In the event of liquidation, each share
of Dianon common stock is entitled to share pro rata in any distribution of
Dianon's assets after payment or providing for the payment of liabilities and
the liquidation preference of any outstanding Dianon preferred stock.

      Preemptive Rights. Holders of Dianon common stock have no preemptive
rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any unissued or treasury
shares or other securities.

                                      IV-3

                                        CHAPTER FOUR - CERTAIN LEGAL INFORMATION

      Preferred Stock Purchase Rights. Each holder of Dianon common stock is
also the holder of one preferred stock purchase right for each share of common
stock of Dianon. Each right represents the right to purchase one thousandth of a
share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Dianon at a price of
$20 and is exercisable upon the occurrence of certain specified events.

DIANON PREFERRED STOCK

      Dianon Preferred Stock Outstanding. As of August 1, 2001, no shares of
Dianon preferred stock were issued and outstanding.

      Blank Check Preferred Stock. Under Dianon's certificate of incorporation,
Dianon's board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to
create one or more classes or series within a class of preferred stock, to issue
shares of preferred stock in such class or series up to the maximum number of
shares of the relevant class or series of preferred stock authorized, and to
determine the preferences, rights, privileges and restrictions of any such class
or series, including the dividend rights, voting rights, the rights and terms of
redemption, the rights and terms of conversion, liquidation preferences, the
number of shares constituting any such class or series and the designation of
such class or series.

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

      American Stock Transfer and Trust Co. is the transfer agent and registrar
for the Dianon common stock.

STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING; DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF UROCOR COMMON STOCK

      It is a condition to the merger that the shares of Dianon common stock
issuable in the merger be approved for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to
official notice of issuance. If the merger is completed, UroCor common stock
will cease to be listed on the Nasdaq.

                                  LEGAL MATTERS

      The validity of the Dianon common stock to be issued to UroCor
stockholders in the merger will be passed upon by Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft,
counsel to Dianon. It is a condition to the completion of the merger that each
of Dianon and UroCor receive an opinion from their respective counsel with
respect to the tax treatment of the merger.

                                     EXPERTS

      The audited financial statements and schedules of Dianon and UroCor
included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as
indicated in their reports with respect thereto, and are included herein in
reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.

                                      IV-4

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                                  CHAPTER FIVE

                      OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                              ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

      Unless otherwise directed, the persons named in the accompanying form of
proxy intend to vote at the Annual Meeting "FOR" the election of the nominees
named below as directors of Dianon to serve until the next Annual Meeting and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ELECTION OF SUCH NOMINEES.

      If any nominee is unable to stand for election when the election takes
place, the shares represented by valid proxies will be voted in favor of the
remaining nominees and for such person, if any, as shall be designated by the
present Board of Directors to replace such nominee. The Board of Directors does
not presently anticipate that any nominee will be unable to stand for election.

INFORMATION CONCERNING DIRECTORS AND NOMINEES

      The following information with respect to the principal occupation or
employment, other affiliations and business experience of each nominee during
the last five years has been furnished to Dianon by such nominee. Except as
indicated, each of the nominees has had the same principal occupation for the
last five years.

      Kevin C. Johnson, age 46, a Director since May 1996, is Chairman of the
Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dianon. Mr. Johnson joined
Dianon as President in May 1996, and was appointed to the additional position of
Chief Executive Officer in February 1997 and Chairman of the Board in August
2001. Formerly, Mr. Johnson was with Corning Inc., a manufacturer of specialty
materials and a provider of laboratory services, for 18 years, serving most
recently as Vice President and General Manager of Corning Clinical Laboratories'
Eastern region in Teterboro, New Jersey.

      John P. Davis, age 59, a Director since 1984. Mr. Davis served as a
consultant to Dianon from October 1998 through August 2000. Mr. Davis was
President and Chief Executive Officer of Infant Advantage, Inc., a child
development company, from December 1997 through June 1998. From May 1995 through
December 1997, Mr. Davis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Calypte
Biomedical Corp., a diagnostic products company. From 1984 to January 1995, Mr.
Davis was an officer of Dianon. Mr. Davis joined Dianon in January 1984 as
President and Chief Operating Officer, and subsequently became co-Chief
Executive Officer in 1992 and Chief Executive Officer in 1994. In January 1995,
Mr. Davis resigned as Chief Executive Officer of Dianon and became Vice Chairman
of the Board. From February 1997 to August 2001 Mr. Davis was non-executive
Chairman of the Board. Mr. Davis also serves as Chairman of the Board of
CytoLogix, Inc. and is on the Board of Directors of the Norwalk Homeless
Shelter.

                                      V-1

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      Bruce K. Crowther, age 49, a Director since December 1997, is President
and Chief Executive Officer of Northwest Community Healthcare, Northwest
Community Hospital, in Arlington Heights, Illinois and certain of its
affiliates. Mr. Crowther is a Fellow of the American College of Healthcare
Executives, Chairman of the Board of the Illinois Hospital and HealthSystems
Association and serves on the Board of both Chicago Hospital Risk Pooling
Program and Barrington Bank and Trust. Mr. Crowther received an MBA from
Virginia Commonwealth University Medical College in Richmond, VA.

      E. Timothy Geary, age 49, a Director since May 1997, had been Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of National Surgery Centers, Inc. of
Chicago, Illinois, the leading independent owner and operator of ambulatory
surgery centers in the country, until its acquisition by HealthSouth Corporation
on July 22, 1998. Mr. Geary is currently a consultant to HealthSouth
Corporation. Prior to founding National Surgery Centers in 1987, Mr. Geary
served as a Vice President with Medical Care International. Mr. Geary holds an
MBA and AB from the University of Chicago.

      G.S. Beckwith Gilbert, age 59, a Director since October 1995, is
President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Field Point Capital
Management Company in Greenwich, Connecticut, a merchant banking firm. Mr.
Gilbert is also a partner of Wolsey & Co., a merchant banking firm. In addition,
Mr. Gilbert is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Megadata Corporation as
well as a Director of Davidson Hubeny Brands, Inc. Mr. Gilbert is a graduate of
Princeton University and holds an MBA from New York University. In February 1997
the Board elected Mr. Gilbert Chairman of the Executive Committee; Mr. Gilbert
retired from this position in August 2001.

      David R. Schreiber, age 41, a Director since October 1999, has served as
Senior Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
since November 1996 when he joined Dianon. Formerly, Mr. Schreiber was with
Corning Clinical Laboratories, a provider of laboratory services, for 10 years,
serving most recently as Vice President and General Manager of the laboratory's
Midwest region. Mr. Schreiber holds an MBA from Northern Illinois University.

      Jeffrey L. Sklar, age 53, a Director since 1994, is Professor of
Pathology, Harvard Medical School, and Director, Divisions of Diagnostic
Molecular Biology and of Molecular Oncology, Department of Pathology, Brigham
and Women's Hospital. Dr. Sklar has served on numerous editorial boards and has
consulted widely to the biotechnology industry. In addition, Dr. Sklar serves on
the Scientific Advisory Committee for Clinical Science, The Fred Hutchinson
Cancer Center, Seattle, Washington; the Scientific Advisory Committee, New
England Primate Research Center, Harvard University; the External Review
Committee, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, and the Pathology B Study
Section, National Institutes of Health. Dr. Sklar also serves as a Director of
Transgenomic, Inc. and holds an MD and Ph.D. from Yale University and an MA
(honorary) from Harvard University.

      James T. Barry, age 40, was elected as a director on June 26, 2001. Mr.
Barry is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Megadata
Corporation. Mr. Barry also serves as a director of Megadata Corporation. Mr.
Barry was a Vice President of Megadata from 1998 and was named Executive Vice
President in 2000. He is also a Senior Vice President of

                                      V-2

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

Field Point Capital Management Company in Greenwich, Connecticut, a merchant
banking firm. From 1989 to 1998 Mr. Barry was with Dianon, most recently as Vice
President of Marketing. Mr. Barry holds an MBA from the University of New Haven.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

      Dianon's Board of Directors presently has standing Audit and Compensation
Committees, the current membership and principal responsibilities of which are
described below. The Board of Directors does not have a Nominating Committee.

      Compensation Committee

      Members: Mr. Crowther, Mr. Gilbert, Dr. Sklar and Mr. Davis

      The Compensation Committee's functions include setting compensation of the
directors and the executive officers. In addition, the Compensation Committee
has the authority to grant certain awards under the 1991, 1996, 1999, 2000 and
2001 (if approved) Stock Incentive Plans. Mr. Crowther serves as Chairman of the
Compensation Committee.

      Audit Committee

      Members: Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Crowther, Mr. Davis and Mr. Geary. Mr. Geary
serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee.

      Report of the Audit Committee

      The following report does not constitute solicitation material and is not
considered filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, unless we state otherwise.

      The Audit Committee, which met two times during fiscal 2000, oversees
Dianon's financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors and
consists of three directors, all of whom are independent. Management has the
primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process
including the systems of internal controls. In fulfilling its oversight
responsibilities, the committee reviewed and discussed with management the
audited financial statements in the annual report including the quality, not
just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of
significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial
statements.

      The committee reviewed with the independent public accountants, who are
responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited
financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, their
judgments as to the quality, not just the acceptability, of Dianon's accounting
principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the
committee under generally accepted auditing standards. In addition, the
committee has discussed with the independent public accountants the accountants'
independence from management and Dianon including the matters in the written
disclosures required by the Independence Standards Board and considered the
compatibility of non-audit services with the accountants' independence.

                                      V-3

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      The committee discussed with Dianon's independent public accountants the
overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The committee meets with
the independent public accountants, with and without management present, to
discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of Dianon's
internal controls, and the overall quality of Dianon's financial reporting.

      In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit
Committee recommended to the Board of Directors (and the Board has approved)
that the audited financial statements be included in Dianon's Annual Report on
SEC Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, for the filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Audit Committee and the Board of
Directors have also recommended, subject to stockholder approval, the selection
of Arthur Andersen LLP as Dianon's independent public accountants for the 2001
fiscal year.

      The Board of Directors of Dianon has approved a written charter which
governs the Audit Committee, which is included within this proxy statement as
Annex D.

                                        Respectfully Submitted:

                                        E. Timothy Geary, Chairman
                                        Bruce K. Crowther
                                        G.S. Beckwith Gilbert
                                        John P. Davis

ATTENDANCE AT BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS

      During the 2000 fiscal year the Board of Directors held three regular
meetings. In addition, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee each
met twice. During such fiscal year each director attended at least 75% of the
aggregate of (i) the regular meetings of the Board and (ii) the meetings of the
committees of the Board on which such director served.

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

      Until December 31, 2001, Directors who are not employees of Dianon are
paid $1,500 for each meeting of the Board of Directors attended in person and
$500 for each meeting attended by telephone, and committee members are paid $500
for each committee meeting attended which does not occur on the same day as a
Board meeting. Directors are also reimbursed for expenses to attend meetings of
the Board and its committees.

      Commencing January 1, 2002, Directors who are not employees of Dianon will
receive an annual compensation of $25,000, payable in monthly installments of
$2,083. The annual compensation to the Directors will replace payments on a per
meeting basis. However, Directors will continue to be reimbursed for expenses to
attend meetings of the Board and its committees. Also commencing January 1,
2002, each Chairman of a Committee of the Board will receive an additional
payment of $2,500 per year.

      From January 1, 1998 until August 1, 2001, Mr. Davis and Mr. Gilbert, in
connection with their capacities as non-Executive Chairman of the Board and
Chairman of the Executive

                                      V-4

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

Committee, respectively, also received $50,000 annually (payable monthly at
$4,166) and an annual grant of 3,000 stock options, at a price equal to the
market value on the date of grant, pursuant to Dianon's Stock Incentive Plans.
They each also received a one-time grant of 13,000 stock options in December
1997 pursuant to Dianon's 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, in connection with their
services in the aforementioned positions during 1997.

      In addition to his aforementioned duties, commencing October 1, 1998 Mr.
Davis began serving as a consultant to Dianon, providing approximately two days
per week of consulting services and maintaining an office at Dianon. He worked
closely with the sales and marketing functions of Dianon, and was involved in
the planning and development of sales training programs, recruiting,
compensation planning, market segmentation, pricing, and national and managed
care marketing programs. As compensation for these services, Mr. Davis received
$50,000 annually (payable monthly at $4,166), in addition to his director
compensation and in addition to the $50,000 he receives in his capacity as
non-Executive Chairman of the Board. In connection with his consulting
arrangement, Mr. Davis was also paid a relocation reimbursement of $123,667 in
February 1999, and received $84,079 in May 2000 for reimbursement of the tax
effect of this relocation payment. Effective August 31, 2000, the consulting
services provided by Mr. Davis were discontinued. The final consulting payment
to Mr. Davis was made in August 2000.

      Pursuant to Dianon's Stock Incentive Plans prior to the effectiveness of
the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, Directors who are not employees of Dianon
received (i) automatic initial and quarterly grants of stock options with tandem
limited stock appreciation rights beginning July 1995, (ii) automatic quarterly
grants of shares of Common Stock beginning January 1997 and (iii) additional
stock options or other awards to the extent granted by the Board of Directors in
its discretion.

      Each initial and quarterly stock option automatically granted under such
plan is exercisable for that number of shares obtained by dividing $5,000 by the
closing price of the Common Stock on the date of grant and is exercisable at
that price. Each such option has a 10-year term and vests with respect to 10% of
the underlying shares on the date which is three months after the date of grant,
and an additional 10% at the end of each three-month period thereafter. Each
such option can be exercised for five years following a director's termination
of service to the extent it had vested prior to termination. Each automatic
quarterly stock grant is for the number of shares obtained by dividing $2,000 by
the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of grant, and is fully vested
at grant.

      Upon adoption of the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, all stock option grants
will be made according to the terms of that plan. See - Adoption of the 2001
Stock Incentive Plan.

      Messrs. Johnson and Schreiber, who are employees of Dianon, receive no
additional compensation for their services as Directors of Dianon.

VOTING FOR DIRECTORS

      Abstentions are included in the determination of the existence of a
quorum. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present
in person or represented by proxy at the

                                      V-5

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. An automated system
administered by Dianon's transfer agent tabulates the votes. Abstentions are not
counted for purposes of election of directors.

                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

      For information with respect to Messrs. Johnson and Schreiber, who are
also Directors, see "Election of Directors - Information Concerning Directors
and Nominees."

      Steven T. Clayton, age 34, is Vice President, Information Systems and
Chief Information Officer. Mr. Clayton joined Dianon in December 1996 as Vice
President, Information Systems, and was appointed to the additional position of
Chief Information Officer in January 2000. Prior to joining Dianon, Mr. Clayton
was with Corning Clinical Laboratories for nine years serving most recently as
the Midwest Regional Director of Information Systems. Mr. Clayton holds an ASM
from Thomas Edison State College.

      Steven L. Gersen, age 47, has served as Vice President, Genetics Services
since January 2000. Dr. Gersen joined Dianon in December 1993 as Director,
Genetics Services. Prior to joining Dianon, Dr. Gersen was with Integrated
Genetics for three years serving most recently as the Associate Director,
Cytogenetics Laboratory. Dr. Gersen holds a Ph.D. in Genetics from Rutgers
University/University of Medicine and Dentistry of NJ.

      Valerie B. Palmieri, age 40, has served as Senior Vice President,
Operations since April 2001. She previously served as Vice President, Operations
since December 1999. Ms. Palmieri joined Dianon in December 1987 as a Medical
Technologist and subsequently served as Laboratory Supervisor, Operations
Laboratory Manager, Director of Operations--Clinical Pathology, Director of
Service Operations and Vice President, Service Operations. Prior to joining
Dianon, Ms. Palmieri was with Park City and Bridgeport Hospital as a Medical
Technologist. Ms. Palmieri holds a BS from Western Connecticut State University.

      Christopher J. Rausch, age 34, is Vice President, Finance and Corporate
Controller. Mr. Rausch joined Dianon as Corporate Controller in June 1999, and
was appointed to the additional position of Vice President, Finance in October
2000. Prior to joining Dianon, Mr. Rausch was with Quest Diagnostics for four
years, serving most recently as the Regional Controller for Quest's Florida
operations. Mr. Rausch holds a BS from Rutgers University. Mr. Rausch was
certified as a CPA in 1991.

      Martin J. Stefanelli, age 40, has served as Senior Vice President, Sales,
Marketing and Business Development since December 1999. He previously served as
Senior Vice President, Operations and Vice President, Laboratory Operations. Mr.
Stefanelli joined Dianon in January 1990 as a Sales Representative and
subsequently served as Logistics Manager, Marketing Manager and Director of
Operations, Anatomic Pathology. Before joining Dianon, Mr. Stefanelli was a
captain in the U.S. Army. Mr. Stefanelli holds a BS from the United States
Military Academy.

                                      V-6

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                                                EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

      The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of DIANON Systems,
Inc. (the "Committee") sets forth its report on executive compensation below.
This Committee report documents the components of Dianon's executive officer
compensation programs and describes the basis on which 2000 compensation
determinations were made by the Committee with respect to the executive officers
of Dianon, including the executive officers that are named in the compensation
tables below.

COMPENSATION PROGRAM COMPONENTS

      The Committee is responsible for setting and monitoring the effectiveness
of the compensation provided to Dianon's Directors and executive officers. In
its decision-making, the Committee is guided by a compensation philosophy
designed to reward employees for the achievement of business goals and the
maximization of stockholder returns. Specific levels of pay and incentive
opportunity are determined by the competitive market for executive talent and,
where appropriate, the need to invest in the future growth of the business. The
compensation program, which provides incentives for executive officers to
achieve the short-term and long-term goals of Dianon, comprises three
components: base salary, incentive compensation and stock option awards.

            BASE SALARY - Base pay levels are largely determined through
      comparisons with service companies of similar size. Since Dianon's current
      strategy places greater reliance on outstanding professional and
      management skills than on proprietary technology, Dianon believes that
      base salaries at the high end of the competitor range may be required in
      certain circumstances to maintain Dianon's strategic position. Actual
      salaries are based on individual performance contributions within a tiered
      salary range for each position that is established through job evaluation
      and competitive comparisons.

            MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PLAN - Dianon's Management Incentive Plan
      provides cash bonus incentives ("Incentive Payments") for all management
      employees. The bonus payment under this plan is based on a fixed
      percentage of an employee's annual salary, which increases with the grade
      of an employee's position from 10% to a maximum of 50%. This percentage of
      salary is then adjusted to reflect the degree to which Company and
      individual performance goals are achieved (respectively, the "Company
      Achievement Percentage" and the "Individual Achievement Percentage") by
      multiplying the employee's fixed bonus percentage by Dianon Achievement
      Percentage and by the Individual Achievement Percentage. Dianon
      Achievement Percentage is based on, among other things, sales and earnings
      per share growth. The Individual Achievement Percentages for executive
      officers is based upon the degree to which each officer met the individual
      goals set for him/her, as evaluated by the CEO and Compensation Committee.
      The maximum bonus attainable is limited to the prescribed salary
      percentage, unless certain special Company sales and income goals are met.
      Achieving these special "stretch" goals entitles participants to
      additional compensation equal to 50% of the amount otherwise payable under
      the Management Incentive Plan ("Extra Incentive Payout"). Actual awards
      are subject to decrease or increase at the discretion of the Committee. In
      2000, Company performance

                                      V-7

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      goals were partially achieved. Therefore, management incentive bonuses
      were awarded on a pro rata basis.

            STOCK OPTION PROGRAM - The Committee strongly believes that by
      providing executives an opportunity to own shares of Company stock, the
      best interests of stockholders and executives will be closely aligned.
      Therefore, all executives are eligible to receive stock options from time
      to time giving them the right to purchase shares of Common Stock of Dianon
      at a specific price in the future. The number of stock options granted to
      executive officers is determined at the discretion of the Committee based
      on the accomplishments of such executives, their length of service with
      Dianon, the number of prior awards received by such officer, the relative
      value as well as the exercise price of such awards, and competitive
      practices.

DISCUSSION OF 2000 COMPENSATION FOR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

      The Committee meets with the Chief Executive Officer to evaluate his
performance. For 2000, Mr. Johnson's incentive compensation was based on Dianon
Achievement Percentage and the Committee's evaluation regarding his overall
performance based on both quantitative and qualitative objectives, as set by the
Board at the start of the year. Based on these considerations, the Committee
awarded Mr. Johnson incentive compensation in 2000 which represented
approximately 20% of his annual base salary for the year.

      This report has been provided by the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors:

                               Bruce K. Crowther
                             G.S. Beckwith Gilbert
                          Jeffrey L. Sklar, MD, Ph.D.

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

      The following table sets forth information with respect to the following
named executive officers: (i) the person who served as Chief Executive Officer
("CEO") during 2000 and (ii) the four most highly compensated executive officers
other than the CEO serving at December 31, 2000 whose total salary and bonus for
2000 exceeded $100,000.

                                                                                                        LONG TERM
                                                                   ANNUAL COMPENSATION                 COMPENSATION
                                                        ------------------------------------------  ------------------
                                                                                         OTHER          SECURITIES
               NAME AND                                                                  ANNUAL         UNDERLYING       ALL OTHER
          PRINCIPAL POSITION                YEAR         SALARY           BONUS       COMPENSATION       OPTIONS        COMPENSATION
          ------------------                ----        --------        --------      ------------  ------------------  ------------

Kevin C. Johnson                            2000        $303,958        $ 61,366        $     --          60,000        $ 44,216 (1)
Chairman, President and Chief               1999         300,479              --              --              --          39,678
Executive Officer                           1998         295,773              --              --          40,000         184,599

Steven T. Clayton                           2000         148,362          23,898              --          30,000          12,613 (2)
Vice President, Information Services        1999         128,544              --              --              --           2,031
and Chief Information Officer               1998         127,211              --              --           5,000          43,613

Valerie B. Palmieri                         2000         142,794          28,381              --          30,000          11,228 (3)
Vice President, Operations                  1999         118,261              --              --              --           3,169
                                            1998         101,708              --              --           5,000             520

                                      V-8

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                                                                                                        LONG TERM
                                                                   ANNUAL COMPENSATION                 COMPENSATION
                                                        ------------------------------------------  ------------------
                                                                                         OTHER          SECURITIES
               NAME AND                                                                  ANNUAL         UNDERLYING       ALL OTHER
          PRINCIPAL POSITION                YEAR         SALARY           BONUS       COMPENSATION       OPTIONS        COMPENSATION
          ------------------                ----        --------        --------      ------------  ------------------  ------------

David R. Schreiber                          2000         209,846          46,045              --          45,000          13,170 (4)
Senior Vice President Finance,              1999         204,516              --              --              --           9,678
Chief Financial Officer                     1998         195,582              --              --          20,000           6,124
and Corporate Secretary and Director

Martin J. Stefanelli                        2000         191,423          43,516              --          45,000          13,561 (5)
Sr. Vice President, Sales, Marketing        1999         150,768              --              --              --           9,571
and Business Development                    1998         125,394              --              --          20,000           1,223

- ----------
(1)   The $44,216 indicated for Mr. Johnson represents: (i) a loan forgiveness
      aggregating $30,000 pursuant to Mr. Johnson's employment agreement; (ii)
      an auto allowance of $9,038; (iii) contributions of $5,100 paid by Dianon
      pursuant to Dianon's 401(K) Retirement Plan; and (iv) term life insurance
      premiums of $78 paid by Dianon.

(2)   The $12,613 indicated for Mr. Clayton represents an auto allowance of
      $8,200, contributions of $4,335 paid by Dianon pursuant to Dianon's 401(K)
      Retirement Plan and term life insurance premiums of $78 paid by Dianon.

(3)   The $11,228 indicated for Ms. Palmieri represents an auto allowance of
      $6,050, contributions of $5,100 paid by Dianon pursuant to Dianon's 401(K)
      Retirement Plan and term life insurance premiums of $78 paid by Dianon.

(4)   The $13,170 indicated for Mr. Schreiber represents an auto allowance of
      $7,992, contributions of $5,100 paid by Dianon pursuant to Dianon's 401(K)
      Retirement Plan and term life insurance premiums of $78 paid by Dianon.

(5)   The $13,561 indicated for Mr. Stefanelli represents an auto allowance of
      $8,383, contributions of $5,100 paid by Dianon pursuant to Dianon's 401(K)
      Retirement Plan and term life insurance premiums of $78 paid by Dianon.

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

      The Securities and Exchange Commission requires that Dianon include in
this Annual Report a line-graph presentation comparing cumulative stockholder
return on an indexed basis with a broad equity market index and either a
published industry index or an index of peer companies selected by Dianon. The
graph below compares the cumulative total return during such period on $100
invested as of December 31, 1995 in the Common Stock of Dianon, the JP Morgan
H&Q Health Care Sub-Sector excluding the Biotechnology Sector of the JP Morgan
Hambrecht & Quist Technology and Growth Indices and the NASDAQ National Market
Index, assuming the reinvestment of all dividends:

                                      V-9

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                 COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

                   JP MORGAN H&Q INDEX PRODUCTS AND SERVICES:
                        2000 PROXY PERFORMANCE GRAPH DATA
                               ANNUAL DATA SERIES

         SCALED PRICES: Stock and index prices scaled to 100 at 12/31/95

                               JP MORGAN H&Q
                  DIANON         HEALTHCARE      NASDAQ STOCK
 DATES            SYSTEMS      EXCL. BIOTECH     MARKET -U.S.
- ------           --------      -------------     ------------
Dec-95             100.00         100.00            100.00
Dec-96             202.94         123.04            111.02
Dec-97             220.59         150.69            132.31
Dec-98             211.76         212.51            160.76
Dec-99             323.53         394.92            140.46
Dec-00           1,032.35         237.62            219.73

EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

      Dianon entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Johnson on May 2,
1996. The agreement provides for Mr. Johnson to serve as President of Dianon at
an initial base salary of $275,000 per annum, the grant of options to purchase
200,000 shares of Common Stock with a 10-year term and an exercise price of
$5.69, stock grants of 15,000 shares of Common Stock on January 2, 1997 and
15,000 additional shares on January 2, 1998, a signing bonus of $50,000 and a
loan of $150,000. The loan carries an interest rate of 5.9%, payable annually,
and is repayable upon termination of Mr. Johnson's employment with Dianon. If
Mr. Johnson continues to be employed with Dianon, the loan principal will be
forgiven at the rate of $2,500 per completed month of employment from January
31, 1998 through December 31, 2002. This agreement provides that in the event of
a termination of Mr. Johnson's employment other than for "Cause," as defined in
the agreement, he is entitled to receive one year's salary and other benefits.
Subject to the foregoing, this agreement is subject to termination at will by
either party.

      Dianon entered into an employment agreement with David R. Schreiber on
September 30, 1996 as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President,
Finance. The agreement provides for an initial base salary of $190,000 per
annum, the grant of options to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock with a
10-year term and an exercise price of $6.625, a signing bonus of $80,000 and a
stock grant of 7,500 shares of Common Stock on April 1, 1997. This agreement
provides that in the event of a termination of Mr. Schreiber's employment other
than for "Cause," as defined in the agreement, he is entitled to receive one
year's salary (and certain other benefits) if such termination occurs within the
first year of employment or six months after Dianon is acquired by another
business entity, or six month's salary (and certain other benefits) if such
termination occurs after such period. Subject to the foregoing, this agreement
is subject to termination at will by either party.

                                      V-10

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      Dianon entered into an employment agreement with Steven T. Clayton on
November 18, 1996 as Vice President, Information Services of Dianon. The
agreement provides for an initial base salary of $120,000 per annum, a signing
bonus of $14,000 and the grant of options to purchase 15,000 shares of Common
Stock with a 10-year term and an exercise price of $7.875.

      Dianon entered into an agreement with Mr. Kevin C. Johnson on April 24,
2000, which provides that following a "Change in Control" of Dianon, as defined
in the agreement, if Mr. Johnson's employment is terminated other than for
"Cause," as defined in the agreement, he is entitled to receive three years
salary, bonus and other benefits if such termination occurs within 12 months of
the change of control. This agreement supercedes any prior "Change in Control"
agreements with Mr. Johnson.

      Dianon entered into an agreement with Mr. David R. Schreiber on April 24,
2000, which provides that following a "Change in Control" of Dianon, as defined
in the agreement, if Mr. Schreiber's employment is terminated other than for
"Cause," as defined in the agreement, he is entitled to receive three years
salary, bonus and other benefits if such termination occurs within 12 months of
the change of control. This agreement supercedes any prior "Change in Control"
agreements with Mr. Schreiber.

      Dianon entered into an agreement with Mr. Christopher J. Rausch on April
24, 2000 (as amended on August 1, 2001), which provides that following a "Change
in Control" of Dianon, as defined in the agreement, if Mr. Rausch's employment
is terminated other than for "Cause," as defined in the agreement, he is
entitled to receive 100% of his annual salary, bonus and other benefits if such
termination occurs within 12 months of the change of control.

      On August 1, 2001, Dianon also entered into agreements with each of
Messrs. Steven T. Clayton, Steven L. Gersen and Martin J. Stefanelli and Ms.
Valerie B. Palmieri, which provide that following a "Change in Control" of
Dianon, as defined in the agreements, if the employee's employment is terminated
other than for "Cause", as defined in the agreements, the employee is entitled
to receive 100% of his or her annual salary, bonus and other benefits if such
termination occurs within 12 months of the change in control.

CHANGE OF CONTROL PROVISIONS

      As a general matter, under Dianon's 2000 Stock Incentive Plan and the
proposed 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control
(as defined below), (1) all outstanding stock options, SARs, and limited SARs,
including those held by Outside Directors (as defined in such plan), will become
fully exercisable and vested, (2) all other awards under the Plan will become
fully vested, and (3) to the extent the cash payment of any award is based on
the fair market value of stock, such fair market value will be the Change of
Control Price (as defined below).

      A "Change of Control" is deemed to occur on the date (1) any person or
group acquires beneficial ownership of securities representing 25% or more of
Dianon's total voting power (with certain exceptions), (2) individuals who
constitute the "Current Directors" (as defined in the Plan) fail to constitute
at least two-thirds of the Board of Directors, (3) the stockholders approve a
merger or consolidation unless following such transaction (a) the beneficial
owners of

                                      V-11

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

Dianon's Common Stock before the transaction own securities representing more
than 50% of the total voting power of Dianon resulting from the transaction, and
(b) at least a majority of members of the board of directors of Dianon resulting
from the transaction were members of Dianon's Board of Directors at the time
such Board approved the transaction, or (4) the stockholders of Dianon approve a
sale of substantially all of its assets.

      The "Change of Control Price" is the highest price per share of Common
Stock paid in any open market transaction, or paid or offered to be paid in any
transaction related to a Change of Control, during the 90-day period ending with
the Change of Control, except that for an SAR granted in tandem with an ISO,
such price is the highest price paid on the date the SAR is exercised.

      The 1991, 1996 and 1999 Stock Incentive Plans and the proposed 2001 Stock
Incentive Plan contain change of control provisions generally comparable to the
change of control provisions contained in Dianon's 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as
described above.

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

      Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires Dianon's
directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a
registered class of Dianon's equity securities, to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in
ownership of Common Stock and other equity securities of Dianon. Officers,
directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required to furnish
Dianon with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

      To Dianon's knowledge, based solely on review of the copies of such
reports furnished to Dianon and representations that no other reports were
required during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, all Section 16(a)
reporting requirements applicable to its officers, directors and greater than
ten percent beneficial stockholders were complied with except for the following:
Mr. Carlson who was late in filing his initial Form 3 when becoming subject to
the Section 16 reporting requirements and James B. Amberson, M.D. who filed two
late reports.

STOCK OPTIONS

      The following table shows, as to the named executive officers of Dianon,
information about option grants in the last fiscal year. Dianon, as of December
31, 2000, has not granted any Stock Appreciation Rights to officers.

                                      V-12

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                      OPTION/SAR GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

                              INDIVIDUAL GRANTS                                POTENTIAL REALIZABLE VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------   AT ASSUMED ANNUAL RATES
                          NUMBER OF       % OF TOTAL                                OF STOCK PRICE
                          SECURITIES        OPTIONS                             APPRECIATION FOR OPTION
                          UNDERLYING      GRANTED TO  EXERCISE OR                         TERM
                           OPTIONS         EMPLOYEES   BASE PRICE  EXPIRATION  --------------------------
       NAME               GRANTED(#)        IN 2000    ($/SHARE)      DATE        5%($)         10%($)
- -------------------      -----------      ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------   ------------

Kevin C. Johnson          15,000(1)            2%       $16.625    01/19/2010   $  156,831   $  397,440

Kevin C. Johnson          45,000(2)            7%        38.500    12/06/2010    1,089,560    2,761,159

Steven T. Clayton         10,000(1)            2%        16.625    01/19/2010      104,554      264,960

Steven T. Clayton         20,000(2)            3%        38.500    12/06/2010      484,249    1,227,182

Valerie B. Palmieri       10,000(1)            2%        16.625    01/19/2010      104,554      264,960

Valerie B. Palmieri       20,000(2)            3%        38.500    12/06/2010      484,249    1,227,182

David R. Schreiber        15,000(1)            2%        16.625    01/19/2010      156,831      397,440

David R. Schreiber        30,000(2)            5%        38.500    12/06/2010      726,373    1,840,773

Marty J. Stefanelli       15,000(1)            2%        16.625    01/19/2010      156,831      397,440

Marty J. Stefanelli       30,000(2)            5%        38.500    12/06/2010      726,373    1,840,773

- ----------
(1)   In January 2000, Dianon granted certain employees and officers options to
      purchase 249,000 shares of Common Stock at $16.625 per share. These
      options vest 40% in January 2002 and 20% during each year thereafter. Upon
      termination, all unvested options are cancelled and all vested options
      expire 90 days after termination of employment.

(2)   In December 2000, Dianon granted certain employees and officers options to
      purchase 328,250 shares of Common Stock at $38.50 per share. These options
      vest 20% in December 2001 and 20% during each year thereafter. Upon
      termination, all unvested options are cancelled and all vested options
      expire 90 days after termination of employment.

      The following table shows aggregate option exercises in the last fiscal
year and fiscal year-end option values for the named executive officers.

               AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND
                          FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

                                                                                            VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                              NUMBER OF SECURITIES        IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS AT
                                                             UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED        FISCAL YEAR-END (BASED
                                                               OPTIONS AT FISCAL          ON FISCAL YEAR-END PRICE
                                SHARES           VALUE            YEAR-END(#)             OF $43.875/SHARE) ($) (1)
                             ACQUIRED ON       REALIZED    --------------------------    --------------------------
       NAME                  EXERCISE(#)          ($)      EXERCISABLE  UNEXERCISABLE    EXERCISABLE  UNEXERCISABLE
- --------------------         -----------       --------    -----------  -------------    -----------  -------------

Kevin C. Johnson                16,000         $506,938        160,000        124,000     $6,110,000     $3,066,125
Steven T. Clayton                8,000          213,238             --         42,000             --        809,750
Valerie B. Palmieri             12,000          305,375          3,000         42,600        105,375        836,750
David R. Schreiber              45,000          971,554             --         75,000             --      1,667,500
Martin J. Stefanelli            15,900          421,488          3,500         68,600        127,625      1,430,000

- ----------
(1)   Computed based upon difference between aggregate fair market value and
      aggregate exercise price.

                                      V-13

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                     OWNERSHIP OF VOTING STOCK BY MANAGEMENT

      The following table gives information concerning the beneficial ownership
of Dianon's Common Stock as of August 29, 2001 by each director and each of the
executive officers named in the summary compensation table and all current
directors and executive officers (as of August 29, 2001) as a group.

                                         TOTAL
                                         SHARES
                                      BENEFICIALLY    DIRECT        RIGHT TO        PERCENT OF
          BENEFICIAL OWNERS           OWNED (1)(2)   OWNERSHIP     ACQUIRE (3)       CLASS (4)
- -----------------------------------   -----------    ---------     -----------      ----------

Steven T. Clayton                              --           --            --            -- (5)
Bruce K. Crowther                           7,613        2,298         5,315            -- (5)
John P. Davis                             209,023       69,427       139,596           2.8%
E. Timothy Geary                            9,134        2,744         6,390            -- (5)
G.S. Beckwith Gilbert                   1,825,800    1,803,207        22,593          24.5%(6)
Kevin C. Johnson                          200,972          972       200,000           2.6%
Valerie B. Palmieri                         3,052           52         3,000            -- (5)
David R. Schreiber                             --           --            --            -- (5)
Jeffrey L. Sklar, M.D., Ph.D               23,400          688        22,712            -- (5)
Martin J. Stefanelli                        3,500           --         3,500            -- (5)
All current directors and executive
officers as a group (12 persons)        2,293,894    1,879,388       414,506          29.3%

- ----------
(1)   The information as to beneficial ownership is based on statements
      furnished to Dianon by its executive officers and directors. Each
      executive officer and director has sole voting and sole investment power
      with respect to his respective shares listed above, except that the shares
      reported for Mr. Gilbert include 121,951 shares which are held by a trust
      of which Mr. Gilbert is a trustee, as to which Mr. Gilbert shares voting
      and investment powers. Amounts shown for Mr. Johnson include 972 shares
      held in Dianon's 401(K) Retirement Plan.

(2)   Includes shares listed under the captions "Direct Ownership" and "Right to
      Acquire," as well as shares held in Dianon's 401(K) Retirement Plan which
      are beneficially owned by the named individuals.

(3)   Individuals have the right to acquire these shares within 60 days of
      August 29, 2001 by the exercise of stock options or through purchases
      under Dianon's Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

(4)   For the purposes of this table, "Percent of Class" held by each individual
      has been calculated based on a total class equal to the sum of (i)
      7,427,711 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on August 29, 2001
      plus (ii) for such individual the number of shares of Common Stock subject
      to stock options presently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days
      after August 29, 2001, held by that individual, and which percent is
      rounded to the nearest whole number.

(5)   Owns less than 1% of the outstanding Common Stock.

(6)   As of August 29, 2001, Mr. Gilbert cannot vote, without restriction, any
      Common Stock or other voting securities of Dianon beneficially owned by
      him representing greater than 20% of the total voting power of Dianon's
      voting securities outstanding from time to time, or 1,485,542 votes as of
      August 29, 2001. Excess votes above this amount are required to be voted
      in proportion to the votes cast by all other stockholders of Dianon.

                                      V-14

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                        OWNERSHIP OF VOTING STOCK BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

      The following table sets forth information with respect to the only
persons who, to the best knowledge of Dianon, beneficially owned more than five
percent of the Common Stock of Dianon as of _______ __, 2001. Unless otherwise
indicated below, each person included in the table has sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares included therein.

                                                          AMOUNT AND NATURE
                                                            OF BENEFICIAL     PERCENT OF
 TITLE OF CLASS    NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER       OWNERSHIP        CLASS (1)
 --------------    ------------------------------------   -----------------   ----------

Common Stock       G.S. Beckwith Gilbert et al            1,825,800  (2) (3)   24.5% (3)
                   47 Arch Street
                   Greenwich, CT 06830
Common Stock       Oracle Management Partners, Inc.         724,350             9.8%
                   and Affiliates
                   712 E 5th Avenue - 45th Floor
                   New York, NY  10019
Common Stock       Westfield Capital Management             593,950             8.0%
                   One Financial Center
                   Boston, MA  02111
Common Stock       HLM Management Co., Inc.                 542,100             7.3%
                   222 Berkeley Street
                   Boston, MA  02116

- ----------
(1)   For the purposes of this table, "Percent of Class" held by each person has
      been calculated based on a total class equal to the sum of (i) 7,427,711
      shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on August 29, 2001 plus (ii)
      for such person the number of shares of Common Stock subject to stock
      options or warrants presently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days
      after August 29, 2001, held by that person, and which percent is rounded
      to the nearest whole number.

(2)   Mr. Gilbert has shared voting and investment power with respect to 121,951
      shares included in the table above.

(3)   As of August 29, 2001, Mr. Gilbert cannot vote, without restriction, any
      Common Stock or other voting securities of Dianon beneficially owned by
      him representing greater than 20% of the total voting power of Dianon's
      voting securities outstanding from time to time, or 1,485,542 votes as of
      August 29, 2001. Excess votes above this amount are required to be voted
      in proportion to the votes cast by all other stockholders of Dianon.

                 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      Dianon pays a stockholder, who is also Chairman Emeritus, and who was a
director until January 1995, a royalty of 6% of revenue on sales of certain
technology covered by a license agreement. In addition, Dianon provides this
stockholder with certain insurance benefits, the use of an automobile and the
reimbursement of expenses incident to his performance as a consultant to Dianon.
Dianon paid licensing and royalty fees to this stockholder of approximately
$12,000, $30,000 and $27,000 during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.

      Pursuant to his employment agreement, the President of Dianon received a
loan in 1996 totaling $150,000 which bears interest at 5.9%, payable annually,
and is repayable upon termination of his employment with Dianon. In addition,
pursuant to the terms of such agreement the loan principal is being forgiven at
a rate of $2,500 per month over the period January 1998 through December 2002 if
the President continues to be employed by Dianon. Pursuant to the terms of such
agreement, the current outstanding balance on the loan was $60,000 on December
31, 2000.

                                      V-15

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      In December 1999, Dianon modified an existing loan agreement with an
officer of Dianon, for approximately $55,000, bearing interest at 8.25% per
annum through December 31, 1999. The loan is payable at a rate of $1,000 per
month, commencing January 1, 2000, with the remaining outstanding balance due in
full no later than December 31, 2002 or upon termination of employment with
Dianon. As of December 31, 2000, the outstanding balance was approximately
$43,000.

      In connection with the acquisition of John H. Altshuler, M.D., P.C.,
Dianon entered into a lease for an office and laboratory facility located in
Englewood, Colorado for a one-year term commencing October 1, 2000. There is an
option to renew the lease for one year. John H. Altshuler, M.D., and Barbara A.
Altshuler are owners in joint tenancy of this laboratory facility.

ADOPTION OF THE 2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

      The Board of Directors has adopted, subject to approval at the Annual
Meeting, the DIANON Systems, Inc. 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The
purposes of the Plan are to enable Dianon to attract, retain and reward key
employees and outside directors by providing such individuals with equity and
equity-based long-term incentive compensation awards.

PRINCIPAL PROVISIONS OF THE PLAN

      The following summary of the Plan, as adopted by the Board of Directors
subject to stockholder approval, is qualified by reference to the full text of
the Plan, which is attached as Annex E to this Proxy Statement.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

      The Plan authorizes the granting of awards in the form of any combination
(independent or in tandem) of (1) options to purchase shares of Common Stock,
(2) stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), (3) shares of restricted Common Stock
("restricted stock"), (4) shares of deferred Common Stock ("deferred stock"),
(5) bonus stock, (6) loans, and (7) tax-offset payments with respect to any of
such awards. Awards may be granted (i) to key employees (including officers) of
Dianon and certain related companies by the Plan Committee (as defined below),
and (ii) to directors who are not employees or officers of Dianon or certain
related companies ("Outside Directors") by the Board of Directors. The Plan also
provides for the automatic grant to Outside Directors of options to purchase
shares of Common Stock.

      Administration. The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors with
respect to awards to Outside Directors, and by a committee of Dianon's Board of
Directors, which consists of at least two Outside Directors (the "Plan
Committee"), with respect to awards to employees. (The Board of Directors and
the Plan Committee, in their respective roles, are referred to as the "Granting
Authority.") With respect to awards within its jurisdiction, the Granting
Authority designates the persons to be granted awards from among those eligible
and the type and amount of awards to be granted and has authority to interpret
the Plan, adopt, alter and repeal administrative regulations, and determine and
amend the terms of awards. The Plan Committee may delegate to officers of Dianon
any of its authority under the Plan (other than with respect to

                                      V-16

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

awards to persons subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and Performance Awards (as defined below)).

      Eligibility. The Plan Committee may make awards under the Plan to key
employees (including officers) of Dianon or of any entity in which Dianon owns
at least a 20% interest. The Plan Committee, in its sole discretion, will select
the key employees eligible to participate in the Plan. Outside Directors are
automatically granted stock options and related limited SARs and stock grants
having the terms specified in the Plan, and may be granted discretionary awards
by the Board of Directors. All key employees (currently numbering approximately
30) and Outside Directors (currently numbering 6) are eligible to receive awards
under the Plan.

      Limitations on Awards. The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
which may be issued under the Plan is 640,000, of which 500,000 may be issued to
key employees and 140,000 may be issued to Outside Directors. Such shares may
consist of authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. The exercise of a
SAR for cash or the settlement of any other award in cash will not count against
this share limit. Shares subject to lapsed, forfeited or canceled awards,
including options canceled upon the exercise of tandem SARs for cash, will not
count against this limit and can be regranted under the Plan. If the exercise
price of an option is paid in Common Stock or if shares are withheld from
payment of an award to satisfy tax obligations with respect to the award, such
shares also will not count against the above limit.

      No key employee may be granted stock options, SARs, restricted stock,
deferred stock, or bonus stock under the Plan with respect to more than 50,000
shares of Common Stock in any fiscal year. The Plan does not limit awards which
may be made under other plans of Dianon.

DISCRETIONARY AWARDS

      The Plan authorizes the Granting Authority to grant, within its
jurisdiction, the following types of awards in its discretion:

      1. Stock Options. The Granting Authority is authorized to grant incentive
stock options ("ISOs") and non-qualified stock options to purchase such number
of shares of Common Stock as the Granting Authority determines. An option will
be exercisable at such times, over such term and subject to such terms and
conditions as the Granting Authority determines, and at an exercise price
determined by the Granting Authority, which may be less than the fair market
value of the Common Stock at the date of grant of the option. ISOs may be
granted only to key employees and are subject to additional restrictions as to
exercise period and exercise price as required by the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"). Payment of the exercise price of an option may be
made in such manner as the Granting Authority may provide, including cash,
delivery of shares of Common Stock already owned for six months or subject to an
award under the Plan, "cashless exercise" (an arrangement with a brokerage firm
whereby shares issuable upon exercise of an option would be sold by the broker
and the proceeds used to pay the exercise price), or in any other manner
specified by the Granting Authority. Under this provision, the Granting
Authority could permit payment to be made by way of successive, automatic
applications of shares received upon exercise of a portion of the option to
satisfy the exercise price for additional portions of the option, a payment
method known as "pyramiding".

                                      V-17

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      The Granting Authority is authorized to specify the period, if any, over
which options become exercisable, and to accelerate the exercisability of
options on a case by case basis at any time. The Granting Authority is also
authorized to specify the period during which options may be exercised following
an option holder's termination of service with Dianon, and to extend such period
on a case by case basis. The Granting Authority may permit an option to be
exercised for an additional period after the option holder's death, even if such
period extends beyond the original option term. Unless otherwise provided by the
Granting Authority, options will not be transferable except by will or by the
laws of descent and distribution.

      2. Stock Appreciation Rights. Upon exercise of a SAR the award holder is
entitled to receive, for each share with respect to which the SAR is exercised,
an amount (the "appreciation") equal to the excess of the fair market value of a
share of Common Stock on the exercise date over an "amount" determined by the
Granting Authority. The appreciation is payable in cash, Common Stock, or a
combination of both, as determined by the Granting Authority.

      The Granting Authority may also grant limited SARs that will be
exercisable only during the 60-day period following a "Change of Control" (as
defined below) of Dianon. The Granting Authority may provide that in the event
of a Change of Control, SARs or limited SARs may be settled on the basis of the
"Change of Control Price" (as defined below).

      3. Restricted Stock. The Granting Authority is authorized to award
restricted stock subject to such terms and conditions as the Granting Authority
may determine in its sole discretion. The Granting Authority has authority to
determine the number of shares of restricted stock to be awarded, the price, if
any, to be paid by the recipient of the restricted stock, and the date or dates
on which the restricted stock will vest. The vesting of restricted stock may be
conditioned upon the completion of a specified period of service with Dianon,
upon the attainment of specified performance goals, or upon such other criteria
as the Granting Authority may determine. The Plan gives the Granting Authority
discretion to accelerate the vesting of restricted stock on a case by case basis
at any time. The Granting Authority also has authority to determine whether the
award holder will have the right to vote and/or receive dividends on shares of
restricted stock, and whether the certificates for such shares will be held by
Dianon or delivered to the award holder bearing legends to restrict their
transfer.

        Stock certificates representing the restricted stock granted under the
Plan will be registered in the award holder's name. However, no share of
restricted stock may be sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by the award
holder until such share has vested in accordance with the terms of the
restricted stock award. In the event of an award holder's termination of service
before all of his restricted stock has vested, or in the event other conditions
to the vesting of restricted stock have not been satisfied prior to any deadline
for the satisfaction of such conditions set forth in the award, the shares of
restricted stock which have not vested will be forfeited and any purchase price
paid by the award holder generally will be returned to the award holder. At the
time restricted stock vests, a certificate for such vested shares will be
delivered to the award holder (or the beneficiary designated by the award
holder, in the event of death), free of all restrictions.

                                      V-18

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      4. Deferred Stock. Deferred stock may be conditioned upon the attainment
of specific performance goals or such other criteria as the Granting Authority
may determine. In making an award of deferred stock the Granting Authority will
determine the periods, if any, during which the award is subject to forfeiture,
and may provide for the issuance of stock pursuant to the award without payment
therefor. Upon vesting, the award will be settled in shares of Common Stock,
cash equal to the fair market value of such stock, or a combination thereof, as
provided by the Granting Authority. During the deferral period set by the
Granting Authority, the award holder may not sell, transfer, pledge or assign
the deferred stock award. In the event of termination of service before the
expiration of the deferral period, the deferred stock award will be forfeited,
except as may be provided by the Granting Authority. Deferred stock will carry
no voting rights until such time as the Common Stock is actually issued.

      5. Bonus Stock. The Granting Authority may award bonus stock subject to
such terms and conditions as it may determine. Such awards may be conditioned
upon attainment of specific performance goals or such other criteria as the
Granting Authority may determine, and the Granting Authority may waive such
conditions in its discretion. Bonus stock may be issued without payment
therefore or may be sold at a discount from its fair market value.

      6. Loans. The Granting Authority may provide that Dianon will make, or
arrange for, a loan with respect to the exercise of any stock option granted
under the Plan, with respect to the payment of the purchase price, if any, of
any restricted stock awarded under the Plan, and/or with respect to any taxes
arising from an award under the Plan, provided that Dianon will not loan more
than the sum of (i) the excess of the purchase or exercise price of an award
over the par value of any shares awarded, plus (ii) the amount of any taxes
arising from such award. The Granting Authority will determine the terms of any
such loan.

      7. Tax-Offset Payments. The Granting Authority is authorized to provide
for a tax-offset payment by Dianon to an award holder not in excess of the
amount necessary to pay the federal, state, local, and other taxes payable with
respect to any award and the receipt of the tax-offset payment, assuming the
award holder is taxed at the maximum tax rate applicable to such income. Due to
variations in the actual tax rates applicable to award holders, the benefit of
the tax-offset payment may not correspond to the actual tax liability of the
award holder. Tax-offset payments are payable in cash.

      8. Performance Awards. The Plan Committee can designate any awards to
employees under the Plan as "Performance Awards", and the Plan provides that
awards so designated are to be granted and administered so as to qualify as
"performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. The grant or
vesting of a Performance Award will be subject to the achievement of performance
objectives (the "Performance Objectives") established by the Plan Committee
based on one or more of the following criteria, which the Plan Committee may
apply to Dianon on a consolidated basis and/or to a business unit, and which the
Plan Committee may use either as an absolute measure or as a measure of
comparative performance relative to a peer group of companies: sales, operating
profits, operating profits before interest expense and taxes, net earnings,
earnings per share, return on equity, return on assets, return on invested
capital, total stockholder return, cash flow, debt to equity ratio, market
share, stock price, economic value added, and market value added.

                                      V-19

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      The Performance Objectives for a particular Performance Award must be
established by the Plan Committee in writing no later than 90 days after the
beginning of Dianon's fiscal year to which it relates. The Plan Committee has
authority to determine whether the Performance Objectives and other terms and
conditions of the award are satisfied, but has discretion to modify or waive the
Performance Objectives or conditions to the grant or vesting of a Performance
Award only to the extent that the exercise of such discretion would not cause
the Performance Award to fail to qualify as "performance-based compensation"
within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.

      9. Deferral of Awards. The Granting Authority may permit an award holder
to defer receipt of any award for a specified period or until a specified event.

AUTOMATIC AWARDS TO OUTSIDE DIRECTORS

      The Plan provides for the automatic grant of stock options and stock
grants to Outside Directors on the following terms: (i) on the first trading day
following the approval of the Plan by the Company's stockholders, an option to
purchase 20,000 shares of Common Stock shall be granted automatically to each
Outside Director who is then a member of the Board of Directors; (ii) on each
three-year anniversary of the date of grant of the options granted pursuant to
(i), an option to purchase 20,000 shares of Common Stock shall be granted
automatically to each Outside Director who is then a member of the Board of
Directors; (iii) each new Outside Director who has not been granted an option
pursuant to (i) or (ii), upon the first trading day coincident with or
immediately following the effective date of his or her election as an Outside
Director shall be granted an option to purchase a pro-rated number of shares of
Common Stock. The pro-rated number of shares of Common Stock with respect to
which an option shall be granted shall be equal to 20,000 times a fraction, the
numerator of which is the number of whole months remaining (if any) until the
next triennial option grant under (ii) above and the denominator of which is 36.

      The option price of all options automatically granted to Outside Directors
will be equal to the closing sales price of a share of Common Stock on the date
of option grant, and may be paid using cash or Common Stock owned for at least
six months, or a combination thereof, in the discretion of the option holder.
Each option has a ten-year term, and vests with respect to one-third of the
total number of shares of Common Stock covered by the option, on a cumulative
basis, on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant
if the holder thereof has been an Outside Director at all times since such date
of grant. The minimum number of shares with respect to which an option may be
exercised at any time is the lesser of 100 shares or the number of shares
subject to the option. Following an Outside Director's termination of service,
the options which have previously become exercisable will remain exercisable for
five years after such termination, but not beyond their 10-year term.

      An option shall only be exercisable by the option holder or his or her
guardian or legal representative. No holder of an option shall have any of the
rights of a stockholder.

                                      V-20

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      Each automatic option to Outside Directors is granted in tandem with a
limited SAR which may be exercised only within the 60-day period following a
Change of Control. Upon exercise of the limited SAR, the appreciation will be
paid in cash based on the Change of Control Price.

PROVISIONS RELATING TO A CHANGE OF CONTROL

      As a general matter, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (1) all
outstanding stock options, SARs, and limited SARs, including those held by
Outside Directors, will become fully exercisable and vested, (2) all
restrictions and deferral limitations applicable to outstanding restricted stock
and deferred stock awards under the Plan will lapse, and such shares and awards
will be deemed fully vested, and (3) to the extent the cash payment of any award
is based on the fair market value of stock, such fair market value will be the
Change of Control Price.

      A "Change of Control" is deemed to occur on the date (1) any person or
group acquires beneficial ownership of securities representing 25% or more of
Dianon's total voting power (with certain exceptions), (2) individuals who
constitute the "Current Directors" (as defined in the Plan) fail to constitute
at least two-thirds of the Board of Directors, (3) the stockholders approve a
merger or consolidation unless following such transaction (a) the beneficial
owners of Dianon's Common Stock before the transaction own securities
representing more than 50% of the total voting power of Dianon resulting from
the transaction, and (b) at least a majority of members of the Board of
Directors of Dianon resulting from the transaction were members of Dianon's
Board of Directors at the time such Board approved the transaction, or (4) the
stockholders of Dianon approve a sale of substantially all of its assets.

      The "Change of Control Price" is the highest price per share of Common
Stock paid in any open market transaction, or paid or offered to be paid in any
transaction related to a Change of Control during the 90-day period ending with
the Change of Control, except that for a SAR granted in tandem with an ISO, such
price is the highest price paid on the date the SAR is exercised.

OTHER PROVISIONS

      Tax Withholding. The Plan permits employees to satisfy all or a portion of
their federal, state, local or other tax liabilities with respect to awards
under the Plan by delivering previously-owned shares (that have been owned by
the optionee for at least six months) or by having Dianon withhold from the
shares otherwise deliverable to such employee shares having a value equal to the
tax liability to be so satisfied.

      Adjustments. In the event of specified changes in Dianon's capital
structure, the Plan Committee will have the power to adjust the number and kind
of shares authorized by the Plan (including any limitations on individual
awards), the number of stock options to be automatically granted to Outside
Directors, and the number, option price and kinds of shares covered by
outstanding awards (including those held by Outside Directors), and to make such
other adjustments in awards under the Plan as it deems appropriate, provided
that no such adjustment may increase the aggregate value of outstanding awards.

                                      V-21

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      Amendments. The Board of Directors may amend the Plan without stockholder
approval, unless such approval is required by law or other regulatory
requirements. Amendment or discontinuation of the Plan cannot adversely affect
any award previously granted without the award holder's written consent.

      The Granting Authority may amend any grant under the Plan within its
jurisdiction (including both discretionary and automatic grants to Outside
Directors) to include any provision which, at the time of such amendment, is
authorized under the terms of the Plan, except that no award can be modified in
a manner unfavorable to the award holder without the written consent of the
award holder. In addition, the Granting Authority may, without stockholder
approval, cancel an option or other award granted under the Plan and grant a new
option or award to the award holder at a lower exercise price or otherwise on
more favorable terms and conditions than the canceled award. The Plan shall
continue in effect for an unlimited period, but may be terminated by the Board
of Directors in its discretion at any time. No ISOs may be granted under the
Plan after 10 years from the effective date the Plan.

CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

      The following is a summary of certain federal income tax aspects of awards
made under the Plan, based upon the laws in effect on the date hereof. All
references to the "Code" are references to provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, now in effect.

      Non-Qualified Stock Options. With respect to non-qualified stock options:
(a) no income is recognized by the participant at the time the option is
granted; (b) upon exercise of the option, the participant recognizes ordinary
income in an amount equal to the difference between the option price and the
fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise; and (c) at disposition,
any appreciation after the date of exercise is treated either as long-term or
short-term capital gain, depending on whether the shares were held for more than
one year by the participant.

      Incentive Stock Options. Generally, no taxable income is recognized by the
participant upon the grant of an ISO or upon the exercise of an ISO during the
period of his or her employment with Dianon or one of its subsidiaries or within
three months (12 months, in the event of permanent and total disability, as
defined in the Code) after termination. However, the exercise of an ISO may
result in an alternative minimum tax liability to the participant. If the
participant continues to hold the shares acquired upon exercise of an ISO for at
least two years from the date of grant and one year from the date of exercise,
upon the sale of the shares, any amount realized in excess of the option price
will be taxed as long-term capital gain.

      If Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of an ISO is disposed of prior
to the expiration of the one-year and two-year holding periods described above,
the participant will generally recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to
the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the shares on the date of
exercise (or, if less, the amount realized on the disposition of the shares)
over the option price. Any further gain recognized by the participant on such
disposition will be taxed as short-term or long-term capital gain, depending on
whether the shares were held for more than one year.

                                      V-22

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

      Stock Appreciation Rights. No income will be recognized by a participant
in connection with the grant of a SAR. When the SAR is exercised, the
participant will generally recognize as ordinary income in the year of exercise
an amount equal to the amount of cash received plus the fair market value on the
date of exercise of any shares received. If the participant receives Common
Stock upon exercise of a SAR, rules similar to those described above under
"Non-Qualified Stock Options" will apply with respect to the post-exercise
appreciation.

      Restricted Stock. A participant receiving restricted stock generally will
recognize ordinary income in the amount of the fair market value of the
restricted stock at the time the restrictions lapse and the stock vests, less
the consideration paid for the restricted stock. However, a participant may
elect, under Section 83(b) of the Code, to recognize ordinary income on the date
of grant in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares
on such date (determined without regard to the restrictions) over their purchase
price. The holding period to determine whether the participant has long-term or
short-term capital gain on a subsequent disposition of the shares generally
begins when the restriction period expires, and the tax basis for such shares
will generally be the fair market value of such shares on such date. However, if
the participant has made an election under Section 83(b), the holding period
will commence on the day after the date of grant, and the tax basis will be
equal to the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant (determined
without regard to the restrictions).

      Deferred Stock. A participant receiving deferred stock generally will
recognize ordinary income equal to the amount of cash received in settlement of
the award or the fair market value of the deferred stock on the date that such
stock is distributed to the participant, and the capital gain holding period for
such stock will also commence on that date.

      Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends paid on restricted stock
prior to the date on which the forfeiture restrictions lapse generally will be
treated as compensation that is taxable as ordinary income to the participant.
If, however, the participant makes a Section 83(b) election with respect to the
restricted stock, the dividends will be taxable as ordinary dividend income to
the participant. If dividend equivalents are credited with respect to deferred
stock or other awards, the participant generally will recognize ordinary income
when the dividend equivalents are paid.

      Bonus Stock and Director Stock Grants. A participant receiving bonus stock
or a stock grant generally will recognize ordinary income on the date of grant
equal to the fair market value of such stock on such date.

      Tax-Offset Payments. A participant receiving a tax-offset payment will
recognize ordinary income on the date of payment.

      Company Deductions. As a general rule, Dianon will be entitled to a
deduction for federal income tax purposes at the same time and in the same
amount that an employee or Outside Director recognizes ordinary income from
awards under the Plan, to the extent such income is considered reasonable
compensation under the Code. Dianon will not, however, be entitled to a
deduction to the extent compensation in excess of $1 million is paid to an
executive officer named in a proxy statement of Dianon who was employed by
Dianon at year-end, unless the compensation qualifies as "performance-based"
under Section 162(m) of the Code or certain

                                      V-23

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

other exceptions apply. In addition, Dianon will not be entitled to a deduction
with respect to payments to employees which are contingent upon a change of
control if such payments are deemed to constitute "excess parachute payments"
under Section 280G of the Code and do not qualify as reasonable compensation
pursuant to that Section; such payments will subject the recipients to a 20%
excise tax.

BENEFITS UNDER THE PLAN

      Since Dianon does not have any future commitments to grant awards under
the 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, the future awards under this Plan are not
determinable. Therefore, a "New Plan Benefits Table" has not been provided.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

      The last sale price of Common Stock on the NASDAQ National Market System
on August 1, 2001 was $51.81 per share.

      DIANON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR"
APPROVAL OF THE 2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN. Approval of the Plan requires that
the votes cast in favor of approval of the Plan exceed the votes cast against
such approval. Pursuant to Dianon's Bylaws, abstentions and broker "non-votes"
(shares not voted because a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner
neither receives voting instructions from the beneficial owner nor has
discretionary voting power with respect thereto) will have no effect on the
vote.

RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS' APPOINTMENT

      Arthur Andersen LLP has been the independent public accountants for Dianon
since 1983. Such firm has no financial interest, either direct or indirect, in
Dianon. Selection of Arthur Andersen LLP as the independent public accountants
for the calendar year ending December 31, 2001 was made by the Board of
Directors, subject to stockholder ratification. A representative of Arthur
Andersen LLP is expected to attend the meeting and have an opportunity to make a
statement and/or respond to appropriate questions from stockholders.

      The aggregate fees billed or expected to be billed to Dianon for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 by Arthur Andersen LLP, are as follows:

Audit Fees ........................................................     $ 98,000
Financial Information Systems Design and Implementation Fees ......           --
All Other Fees ....................................................      206,850
                                                                        --------

    Total .........................................................     $304,850
                                                                        ========

      DIANON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR"
RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP AS DIANON'S INDEPENDENT
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS FOR 2001. Approval of the ratification of the independent
public accountants' appointment requires that the number of votes cast in favor
of approval of the ratification of the independent public accountants'
appointment exceed the number of votes cast against such approval. Abstentions
will have no effect on the vote.

                                      V-24

                            CHAPTER FIVE - OTHER DIANON ANNUAL MEETING PROPOSALS

                                      AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

      Upon the written request of a stockholder of Dianon, addressed to David R.
Schreiber, Secretary of Dianon, at 200 Watson Boulevard, Stratford, Connecticut
06615, Dianon will provide without charge to such stockholder, a copy of
Dianon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its calendar year ended December 31,
2000, including all statements and schedules (but without exhibits), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                   ----------

      The information under the headings "Compensation Committee Report,"
"Compensation Program Components," "Discussion of 2000 Compensation for the
Chief Executive Officer" and "Performance Graph" above shall not be deemed to be
"soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Item
402 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and, unless specific reference is made therein
to such headings, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.

                                      V-25

                           CHAPTER SIX - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

                                   CHAPTER SIX

                     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

                       FUTURE DIANON STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

      The eligibility of stockholders to submit proposals, the proper subjects
of stockholder proposals and other issues governing stockholder proposals are
regulated by the rules (the "Stockholder Proposal Rules") adopted under Section
14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act").
Stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act
for inclusion in Dianon's proxy materials for the 2002 annual meeting of
stockholders must be received by Dianon at its principal executive office, 200
Watson Boulevard, Stratford, Connecticut 06615, no later than [Thursday, May 2,
2002.]

      Under Dianon's by-laws, and as permitted by the rules of the SEC, certain
procedures are provided which a stockholder must follow to nominate persons for
election as directors or to introduce an item of business at the annual meeting
of Dianon stockholders. These procedures provide that nominations for director
nominees and/or an item of business to be introduced at an annual meeting of
stockholders must be submitted in writing to the Secretary of Dianon at the
address set forth in the preceding paragraph. Dianon must receive the notice of
a stockholder's intention to introduce a nomination or proposed item of business
at Dianon's 2002 annual meeting not more than 90 days nor less than 60 days in
advance of the anniversary date of Dianon's 2001 annual meeting (October 1,
2001); however, if the date of Dianon's 2002 annual meeting is more than 30 days
after such anniversary date, a stockholder's notice would be timely if received
by the Secretary of Dianon by the earlier of (a) the 10th day prior to the date
of the 2002 annual meeting or (b) the close of business on the 10th day
following the date on which Dianon first makes public disclosure of the 2002
annual meeting date. The persons designated as proxies by Dianon in connection
with 2002 annual meeting of stockholders will have discretionary voting
authority with respect to any proposal of which Dianon did not receive timely
notice.

      The chairman of the meeting may refuse to allow the transaction of any
business not presented beforehand, or to acknowledge the nomination of any
person not made in compliance with the foregoing procedures.

      The Dianon board of directors is not aware of any matters that are
expected to come before the 2001 annual meeting other than those referred to in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If any other matter should come before
the annual meeting, the persons named in the accompanying proxy intend to vote
the proxies in accordance with their best judgment.

                                      VI-1

                           CHAPTER SIX - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

      Dianon has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 under
the Securities Act that registers the shares of Dianon common stock to be issued
in the merger to UroCor stockholders. The registration statement, including the
attached exhibits and schedules, contains additional relevant information about
Dianon and UroCor. The rules and regulations of the SEC allow us to omit certain
information included in the registration statement from this document.

      In addition, Dianon and UroCor file reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public
reference rooms. You may read and copy this information at the following
locations of the SEC.

Public Reference Room    New York Regional Office     Chicago Regional Office
      Room 1024                 Suite 1300                Citicorp Center
450 Fifth Street, N.W.     7 World Trade Center              Suite 1400
Washington, D.C. 20549   New York, New York 10048     500 West Madison Street
                                                    Chicago, Illinois 60661-2511

      You may also obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public
Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024 Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that
contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like
Dianon and UroCor, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that
website is http://www.sec.gov. You can also inspect reports, proxy statements
and other information about Dianon or UroCor at the offices of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, 1735 K Street, Washington, D.C. 20006.

      The SEC allows Dianon and UroCor to "incorporate by reference" information
into this document. This means that the companies can disclose important
information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with
the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of
this document, except for any information that is superseded by information that
is included directly in this document.

      This document incorporates by reference the documents listed below that
Dianon and UroCor have previously filed with the SEC. They contain important
information about our companies and their financial condition. Some of these
filings have been amended by later filings, which are also listed.

DIANON COMMISSION FILINGS
(File No. 000-19392)                                               DESCRIPTION OR PERIOD

Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 14, 2001            Year ended December 31, 2000

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 9, 2001            Quarter ended March 31, 2001

                                      VI-2

                           CHAPTER SIX - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

UROCOR COMMISSION FILINGS
(File No. 000-28328)                                               DESCRIPTION OR PERIOD

Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 2, 2001             Year ended December 31, 2000
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 15, 2001           Quarter ended March 31, 2001

      Dianon and UroCor incorporate by reference additional documents that
either company may file with the SEC between the date of this document and the
dates of the Dianon special meeting and the UroCor special meeting. These
documents include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy
statements.

      You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference in this
document through Dianon or UroCor, as the case may be, or from the SEC through
its website address provided above. Documents incorporated by reference are
available from the companies without charge, excluding any exhibits to those
documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference as an
exhibit in this document. You can obtain documents incorporated by reference as
an exhibit in this document by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
the appropriate company at the following addressees:

        FOR DIANON STOCKHOLDERS                   FOR UROCOR STOCKHOLDERS
        David R. Schreiber                        Bruce C. Hayden
        DIANON Systems, Inc.                      UroCor, Inc.
        200 Watson Boulevard                      840 Research Parkway
        Stratford, CT 06615                       Oklahoma City, OK 73104
        Tel: (203) 381-4055                       Tel:  (405) 290-4117

      If you would like to request documents, please do so promptly to receive
them before the special meetings. If you request any incorporated documents from
us, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally prompt
means, within one business day after we receive your request. To obtain timely
delivery, you must request the documents no later than September ___, 2001.

      WE HAVE AUTHORIZED NO ONE TO GIVE YOU ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE MERGER OR OUR COMPANIES THAT DIFFERS FROM OR ADDS TO
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT OR IN THE DOCUMENTS OUR COMPANIES
HAVE PUBLICLY FILED WITH THE SEC. THEREFORE, IF ANYONE SHOULD GIVE YOU ANY
DIFFERENT OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON IT.

      IF YOU LIVE IN A JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO OFFER TO EXCHANGE
OR SELL, OR TO ASK FOR OFFERS TO EXCHANGE OR BUY, THE SECURITIES OFFERED BY THIS
DOCUMENT, OR TO ASK FOR PROXIES, OR IF YOU ARE A PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL
TO DIRECT

                                      VI-3

                           CHAPTER SIX - ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR STOCKHOLDERS

SUCH ACTIVITIES, THEN THE OFFER PRESENTED BY THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT EXTEND TO
YOU.

      THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT SPEAKS ONLY AS OF THE DATE
INDICATED ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT UNLESS THE INFORMATION SPECIFICALLY
INDICATES THAT ANOTHER DATE APPLIES.

      With respect to the information contained in this document, Dianon has
supplied the information concerning Dianon, and UroCor has supplied the
information concerning UroCor.

                                      VI-4

                                                                         ANNEX A

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                            DATED AS OF JUNE 28, 2001

                                      AMONG

                              DIANON SYSTEMS, INC.,

                            UROCOR ACQUISITION CORP.

                                       AND

                                  UROCOR, INC.

                                

                                                                            Page

                                    ARTICLE I

                       THE MERGER; CERTAIN RELATED MATTERS

1.1   The Merger...........................................................
1.2   Closing..............................................................
1.3   Effective Time.......................................................
1.4   Effects of the Merger................................................
1.5   Certificate of Incorporation...................