URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1085705/000089375001500141/0000893750-01-500141.txt

ODOLFO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			SOLANA BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-350-4060

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		665 SAN RODOLFO DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120
		CITY:			SOLANA BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92075

PREM14A

ziasun_14a.txt

ZIASUN SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT

                                                                 CONFIDENTIAL

                           SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

                 Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of
                     the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant    |X|

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant   |_|

Check the appropriate box:

|X| Preliminary Proxy Statement           |_| Confidential, For Use of the
                                              Commission Only (as permitted by
                                              Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
|_| Definitive Proxy Statement

|_| Definitive Additional Materials

|_| Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12

                          ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.
    _______________________________________________________________________
               (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

                                Not Applicable
    _______________________________________________________________________
   (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

|_| No fee required.

|X| Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

    (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

        Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, of ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.
        ("ZiaSun Common Stock")
        _____________________________________________________________________

    (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

        34,378,569 shares of ZiaSun Common Stock (the maximum number
        of shares of ZiaSun Common Stock that may be exchanged in
        the merger)
        _____________________________________________________________________

    (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction
        computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11:

        $0.74 (based on the average of the bid and asked price of
        ZiaSun Common Stock on June 8, 2001 as reported on the OTC
        Bulletin Board of the National Association of Securities
        Dealers)
        _____________________________________________________________________

    (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

        $25,440,141.06
        _____________________________________________________________________

    (5) Total fee paid:

        $5,088.03
        _____________________________________________________________________

|_| Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:

    _________________________________________________________________________

|X| Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange
    Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting
    fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration
    statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.

    (1)      Amount previously paid:  $5,431.81
             ________________________________________________________________

    (2)      Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:  0-27349
             ________________________________________________________________

    (3)      Filing Party:  ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.
             ________________________________________________________________

    (4)      Date Filed:  June 1, 2001
             ________________________________________________________________

[LOGO OF ZIASUN]                                            [LOGO OF TELESCAN]

      To the stockholders of ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. and Telescan, Inc.

                A MERGER PROPOSAL--YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

     The boards of directors of ZiaSun and Telescan have unanimously agreed to
merge the two companies to create INVESTools, a newly formed company that will
become a leading provider of investor education, financial publications and
analytical tools worldwide. Your vote, as a stockholder of ZiaSun or Telescan,
is now needed to approve the merger agreement.

     If the merger is completed, ZiaSun and Telescan will engage in a business
combination that will result in each becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of
INVESTools. ZiaSun stockholders would each receive one share of INVESTools
common stock for each share of ZiaSun common stock they own, and holders of
Telescan common stock would receive 0.56486 shares of INVESTools common stock
for each share of Telescan common stock they own.

     ZiaSun at its annual meeting of stockholders and Telescan at a special
meeting of stockholders will each ask its respective stockholders to approve
the merger agreement. The boards of directors of both ZiaSun and Telescan have
unanimously approved the merger and recommend that their respective
stockholders vote FOR the merger proposal. The proposed merger cannot be
completed unless a majority of the stockholders of ZiaSun and a majority of
the holders of Telescan common stock approve the merger agreement. If you fail
to return your proxy card or vote in person, the effect will be a vote against
the merger.

     Information about the merger and the other matters to be considered at
ZiaSun's annual meeting and Telescan's special meeting is contained in the
attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please read the attached joint
proxy statement/prospectus carefully, including the section describing risk
factors that begins on page 12.

     The date, time and place of the meetings are as follows:

     for ZiaSun:                            for Telescan:

     _____ __, 2001 at ___, _.m.            ______ __, 2001 at ___, _.m.
             [ADDRESS]                               [ADDRESS]

     Whether or not you plan to attend the ZiaSun or Telescan meeting, please
complete, sign and date the enclosed ZiaSun proxy card, if you are a ZiaSun
stockholder, or the enclosed Telescan proxy card, if you are a Telescan
stockholder, and return it in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope as soon as
possible to make sure that your shares are represented at your company's
meeting. If you attend the meeting, you may vote in person if you wish, even
though you previously returned your proxy card.

     We strongly support this combination of our companies and join with our
boards of directors in recommending that you vote in favor of the merger.

              /s/                                       /s/
          D. Scott Elder                            Lee K. Barba
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer         Chief Executive Officer
       ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.                   Telescan, Inc.

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities   |
| commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued in  |
| connection with the merger or determined if this joint proxy              |
| statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the   |
| contrary is a criminal offense.                                           |
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated _______ __, 2001, and is
first being mailed to stockholders of ZiaSun and Telescan on or about
________ __, 2001.

                          Notice of Annual Meeting of
                                 Stockholders

To the stockholders of ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.:

     The annual meeting of the stockholders of ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. will
be held at ______________ on _____ __, 2001 at ___ _.m. for the following
purposes:

          1. to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt a
     merger agreement between ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. and Telescan, Inc.
     pursuant to which ZiaSun and Telescan will engage in a business
     combination that results in each becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of a
     newly formed corporation, INVESTools Inc., as described in the attached
     joint proxy statement/prospectus;

          2. to elect five directors to serve for a term of one year or until
     their successors have been elected and qualified;

          3. to ratify and approve BDO Siedman, LLP to serve as ZiaSun's
     independent public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2001; and

          4. to conduct any other business properly brought before the annual
     meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.

     The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposed
merger in more detail. ZiaSun encourages you to read the entire document
carefully.

     ZiaSun is enclosing a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

     A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting will be
open for examination by any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting
during ordinary business hours for a period of ten days prior to the annual
meeting at the office of ZiaSun, 665 San Rodolfo Drive, Suite 120, Solana
Beach, California 92075, and will also be available for examination at the
annual meeting until its adjournment.

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on ______ __, 2001
may vote at the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement. Holders of
approximately 42% of the outstanding shares of ZiaSun stock have already
agreed to vote in favor of adopting the merger agreement. Under Nevada law,
holders of ZiaSun common stock are entitled to dissenters' rights as a result
of the merger under Sections 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, of the Nevada
Revised Statutes. If the merger agreement is approved and adopted by the
ZiaSun stockholders and the merger is consummated, any ZiaSun stockholder who
(i) delivered to ZiaSun, before the vote was taken, written notice of his or
her intent to demand payment for his or her shares if the merger were to be
consummated and (ii) did not vote his or her shares in favor of the merger has
the right to demand an appraisal of the value of and payment for the
stockholder's ZiaSun common stock. The demand must be made in writing to
INVESTools by the date set forth on the written notice to be sent by ZiaSun to
the stockholder informing him or her that the merger has been approved and
adopted by the ZiaSun stockholders. Dissenters' rights are more completely
described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus under the
heading "The Merger--Dissenters' Rights" and the full text of these applicable
sections of Nevada Revised Statutes are attached as Annex VII.

     Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please complete, sign and
date the enclosed proxy card, and return it in the enclosed postage-prepaid
envelope as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are represented at
the annual meeting. Your proxy may be revoked at any time before it is voted
by signing and returning a later dated proxy with respect to the same shares,
by filing with the Secretary of ZiaSun a written revocation bearing a later
date or by attending and voting at the annual meeting. If you fail to return
your proxy card or vote in person, the effect will be a vote against the
merger.

                                     Allen D. Hardman
                                         Secretary
______ __, 2001

                         Notice of Special Meeting of
                                 Stockholders

To the stockholders of Telescan, Inc.:

     A special meeting of the stockholders of Telescan, Inc. will be held at
______________ on _____ __, 2001 at ___ _.m. for the following purposes:

          1. to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt a
     merger agreement between ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. and Telescan, Inc.
     pursuant to which ZiaSun and Telescan will engage in a business
     combination that results in each becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of a
     newly formed corporation, INVESTools Inc., as described in the attached
     joint proxy statement/prospectus; and

          2. to conduct any other business properly brought before the special
     meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.

     Please read the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully for a
description of the merger agreement. Only stockholders of record at the close
of business on ______ __, 2001 may vote at the special meeting or any
adjournment or postponement. Holders of approximately 36% of the outstanding
shares of Telescan common stock have already agreed to vote in favor of
adopting the merger agreement. Under Delaware law, holders of Telescan common
stock are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

     Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, please complete, sign and
date the enclosed proxy card, and return it in the enclosed postage-prepaid
envelope as soon as possible to make sure that your shares are represented at
the special meeting. Your proxy may be revoked at any time before it is voted
by signing and returning a later dated proxy with respect to the same shares,
by filing with the Secretary of Telescan a written revocation bearing a later
date or by attending and voting at the special meeting. If you fail to return
your proxy card or vote in person, the effect will be a vote against the
merger.

                                      Roger C. Wadsworth
                                           Secretary
______ __, 2001

                               
                                                                          Page

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER......................................1

SUMMARY.....................................................................3
         The Companies......................................................3
         The Merger.........................................................4
         Recommendations of the Boards of Directors.........................4
         The Annual and Special Stockholders' Meetings......................4
         Record Dates; Votes Required; Management Ownership.................4
         Voting Agreements..................................................5
         Dissenters' Rights.................................................5
         Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger..................5
         The Merger Agreement...............................................5
         Accounting Treatment...............................................6
         Merger Generally Tax-Free to ZiaSun and Telescan Stockholders......6
         For ZiaSun Stockholders Only-- Election of Directors of Ziasun.....6
         For ZiaSun Stockholders Only-- Ratify Ziasun's
           Independent Accountants..........................................6
         No Governmental Approvals or Regulatory Requirements...............6
         Per Share Market Price Information.................................6

SUMMARY Historical Financial Data...........................................8
         ZiaSun.............................................................8
         Telescan...........................................................9
         Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data of ZiaSun
           and Telescan....................................................10
         Comparative Per Share Data........................................11

RISK FACTORS...............................................................12
         Risks Relating to the Merger......................................12
         Risks Relating to ZiaSun's Business...............................14
         Risks Relating to Telescan's Business.............................21

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION................24

THE ZIASUN ANNUAL MEETING..................................................25
         Date, Time and Place Of the Annual Meeting........................25
         Purpose of the Annual Meeting.....................................25
         Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote...............................25
         Votes Required; Voting Agreements.................................25
         Share Ownership of Management.....................................26
         Dissenters' Rights................................................26
         How You Can Vote..................................................26
         Board Recommendation..............................................27
         Approval of Merger and Merger Agreement...........................28
         Nomination and Election of Ziasun Directors.......................28
         Ratification and Approval of the Ziasun's Independent
           Public Accounts.................................................28

THE TELESCAN SPECIAL MEETING...............................................29
         Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting.......................29
         Purpose of the Special Meeting....................................29
         Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote...............................29
         Votes Required; Voting Agreements.................................29

                                     -i-

         Share Ownership of Management.....................................29
         Appraisal Rights..................................................29
         Board Recommendation..............................................29
         How You Can Vote..................................................30

THE MERGER.................................................................31
         What You Will Receive in the Merger...............................31
         Background of the Merger..........................................31
         ZiaSun's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of ZiaSun's
           Board of Directors..............................................34
         Telescan's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of
           Telescan's Board of Directors...................................35
         No Fairness Opinions Solicited....................................37
         Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.......37
         Board of Directors and Management after the Merger................38
         Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.....................39
         Accounting Treatment of the Merger................................41
         Exchange Procedures...............................................42
         Treatment of Stock Options and Other Rights.......................42
         Dissenters' Rights................................................42
         No Governmental Approvals or Regulatory Requirements..............45
         Expenses..........................................................45
         Nasdaq Listing....................................................45
         Delisting and Deregistration of ZiaSun and Telescan Stock
           after the Merger................................................45
         Stock Transfer Restrictions.......................................45

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER...............................................46
         General...........................................................46
         Closing; Effective Time...........................................46
         Representations and Warranties....................................46
         Covenants.........................................................47
         No Solicitation...................................................48
         Conditions to Completion of the Mergers...........................50
         Termination of the Merger Agreement...............................52
         Termination Fee...................................................53
         Amendment, Extension and Waiver...................................54

ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS.......................................................55
         Voting Agreements.................................................55
         Lock-Up Agreements................................................55

INVESTOOLS.................................................................56

ZIASUN BUSINESS............................................................57
         General...........................................................57
         Continuing Operations.............................................58
         Discontinued Operations...........................................60
         Distribution......................................................60
         Recent Acquisitions and Investments...............................61
         Raw Materials and Supplies........................................61
         Intellectual Property.............................................61
         Government Regulation.............................................62
         Employees.........................................................62
         Property..........................................................62
         Legal Proceedings.................................................63
         Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information...................64

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF ZIASUN..................65

                                     -ii-

ZIASUN MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS....................................................66
         Overview..........................................................66
         Results of Operations.............................................66
         Liquidity and Capital Resources...................................68
         Recent Accounting Pronouncements..................................70
         Changes In, and Disagreements With, Accountants on
           Accounting and Financial Disclosure.............................70
         Market Risk Disclosure............................................71

ZIASUN MANAGEMENT..........................................................72
         Directors and Executive Officers..................................72
         Executive Compensation............................................74
         General Information Concerning the Board of Directors and
           its Committees..................................................77
         Audit Committee...................................................77
         Stock Option Plan Committee.......................................77
         Compensation Committee............................................77
         Compensation Committee Interlock and Insider Participation........77
         ZiaSun Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation....78
         General Compensation Philosophy...................................78
         Executive Compensation............................................78
         Chief Executive Officer Compensation..............................79
         Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) Limitation...................79
         ZiaSun Audit Committee Report.....................................79
         Stock Performance Graph...........................................80
         Certain Relationships and Related Transaction with
           Directors and Executive Officers................................81
         Beneficial Ownership of Securities................................82

TELESCAN BUSINESS..........................................................83
         General...........................................................83
         Corporate Background..............................................83
         Services and Products.............................................83
         Business Strategy.................................................84
         Marketing.........................................................86
         Customers.........................................................86
         Proprietary Rights................................................86
         Competition.......................................................86
         Employees.........................................................87
         Governmental Regulation...........................................87
         Description of Property...........................................87
         Legal Proceedings.................................................87
         Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information...................88

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF TELESCAN................89

TELESCAN MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS....................................................90
         Business Overview.................................................90
         Results of Operations.............................................90
         Liquidity and Capital Resources...................................93
         Changes in, and Disagreements with, Accountants on
           Accounting and Financial Disclosure.............................94
         Market Risk Disclosure............................................95

TELESCAN MANAGEMENT........................................................96
         Directors and Executive Officers..................................96
         Executive Compensation............................................98
         Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
           Management.....................................................102
         Certain Relationships and Related Transaction with
           Directors and Executive Officers...............................103

                                    -iii-

DESCRIPTION OF INVESTOOLS CAPITAL STOCK...................................104
         General..........................................................104
         Description of Common Stock......................................104
         Additional Series of Preferred Stock.............................104
         Description of Series A Preferred Stock..........................104
         Anti-Takeover Effects............................................105
         Listing..........................................................105

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS..........................................106
         Corporate Governance.............................................106
         Authorized Capital Stock.........................................106
         Voting Rights....................................................106
         Number of Directors..............................................107
         Nomination and Election of Directors.............................107
         Terms and Classification of the Board of Directors...............107
         Removal of Directors.............................................107
         Filling Director Vacancies.......................................108
         Special Meetings of Stockholders.................................108
         Stockholder Action by Written Consent............................108
         Advance Notice Provisions........................................109
         Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation.......................109
         Amendments to By-Laws............................................109
         Limitation on Personal Liability of Directors and Officers.......110
         Indemnification of Directors and Officers........................110
         Directors' and Officers' Insurance...............................110

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.......................................111

LEGAL MATTERS.............................................................111

EXPERTS...................................................................111

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR THE 2002 ANNUAL MEETINGS OF ZIASUN
  AND TELESCAN............................................................112

LIST OF ANNEXES...........................................................113

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS......................................................F-1
   ZiaSun.................................................................F-1
   Telescan..............................................................F-45
   Combined ZiaSun and Telescan on a Pro Forma Basis.....................F-77

Annex I     Agreement and Plan of Merger..................................I-1
Annex II    Voting Agreements............................................II-1
Annex III   Lock-Up Agreements..........................................III-1
Annex IV    Employment Agreements........................................IV-1
Annex V     Restated Certificate of Incorporation of INVESTools...........V-1
Annex VI    By-Laws of INVESTools........................................VI-1
Annex VII   Sections 92A.300 to 92A.500 of the Nevada Revised Statutes..VII-1

                                     -iv-

                    QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:   Why am I receiving these materials?

A:   We are sending you these materials to help you decide how to vote your
     shares of ZiaSun or Telescan stock with respect to their proposed merger.

Q:   Why are ZiaSun and Telescan proposing the merger?

A:   We are proposing the merger to create INVESTools, a newly formed company
     that will become a leading provider of investor education, financial
     publications and analytical tools worldwide.

Q:   What will I receive in the merger?

A:   ZiaSun stockholders will receive one share of INVESTools common stock for
     each share of ZiaSun common stock they own.

     Telescan stockholders will receive 0.56486 shares of INVESTools common
     stock for each share of Telescan common stock they own.

Q:   Do the companies recommend voting in favor of the proposed merger?

A:   Yes. The boards of directors of both ZiaSun and Telescan have unanimously
     approved the merger and recommend that their respective stockholders vote
     in favor of the merger.

Q:   What approvals are needed?

A:   For ZiaSun, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
     outstanding shares of ZiaSun common stock is required to approve the
     merger agreement. Each holder of ZiaSun common stock is entitled to one
     vote per share. Holders of approximately 42% of the outstanding shares of
     ZiaSun common stock have already agreed to vote in favor of approving the
     merger agreement.

     For Telescan, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
     outstanding shares of Telescan common stock is required to approve the
     merger agreement. Each holder of Telescan common stock is entitled to one
     vote per share. Holders of Telescan preferred stock are not entitled to
     vote on the merger proposal. Holders of approximately 36% of the
     outstanding shares of Telescan common stock have already agreed to vote
     in favor of approving the merger agreement.

Q:   How will ZiaSun and Telescan be combined?

A:   ZiaSun and Telescan will become wholly owned subsidiaries of INVESTools.
     The former ZiaSun stockholders will own approximately 75% of INVESTools
     and the former Telescan common and preferred stockholders will own the
     remaining interest of approximately 25%.

Q:   What are the tax consequences of the merger to me?

A:   We expect that the merger will be tax-free to ZiaSun and Telescan
     stockholders for federal income tax purposes. To review the tax
     consequences in greater detail see the section entitled "The
     Merger--Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences" that begins on
     page 39.

Q:   What do I need to do now?

A:   Carefully read this document. It contains important information regarding
     the proposed merger, as well as information about ZiaSun and Telescan.
     After considering the information contained in this document, indicate on
     your enclosed proxy card how you want to vote. Sign, date and mail the
     proxy card in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope as soon as possible
     so that your shares may be represented at your company's meeting.

     You should indicate your vote now even if you expect to attend your
     company's meeting and vote in person. Indicating your vote now will not
     prevent you from later canceling or revoking your proxy right up to the
     time your proxy is voted at the meeting and will ensure that your shares
     are voted if you later find you cannot attend.

                                     -1-

Q:   When and where is ZiaSun's annual stockholders' meeting?

A:   The ZiaSun annual stockholders' meeting will take place at ______________
     on _____ __, 2001 at ___ _.m.

Q:   When and where is Telescan's special stockholders' meeting?

A:   The Telescan special stockholders' meeting will take place at
     ______________ on _____ __, 2001 at ___ _.m.

Q:   If my shares are held in "street name" by a broker or bank, will my
     broker or bank vote my shares for me?

A:   Your broker or bank will vote your shares held by them in "street name"
     only if you provide instructions to them on how to vote. You should
     follow the directions your broker or bank provides. Shares that are not
     voted because a stockholder does not properly instruct its broker or
     bank will be counted as votes against the merger.

Q:   What if I don't vote?

A:   If you fail to respond, it will have the same effect as a vote against
     the merger. If you respond and do not indicate how you want to vote, your
     proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the merger. If you respond
     and indicate that you are abstaining from voting, your proxy will have
     the same effect as a vote against the merger.

Q:   Can I change my vote after I have delivered my proxy?

A:   Yes. You may change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at
     your company's meeting by:

       o  sending a written notice to the Secretary of ZiaSun, if you are a
          ZiaSun stockholder, or of Telescan, if you are a Telescan
          stockholder, before the meeting stating that you would like to
          revoke your proxy;

       o  signing a later-dated proxy card and returning it by mail in time to
          be received before the meeting; or

       o  attending the meeting and voting in person.

Q:   Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A:   No. You will receive written instructions from the exchange agent after
     the merger is completed on how to exchange your stock certificates for
     INVESTools shares. Please do not send in your stock certificates with
     your proxy.

Q:   When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A:   We are working to obtain all necessary stockholder approvals and complete
     the merger as quickly as possible. We expect to complete the merger
     immediately after approval by the ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders.

Q:   Who can help answer my questions?

A:   If you have any questions about the merger or how to submit your proxy,
     or if you need additional copies of this document or the enclosed proxy
     card, you should contact:

   ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.                  Telescan, Inc.
   655 San Rodolfo, Suite 120                 5959 Corporate Drive, Suite 2000
   Solana Beach, CA  90275        - or -      Houston, TX  77036
   (858) 350-4060                             (281) 588-9700
   Attention:  Investor Relations             Attention:  Investor Relations

                                     -2-

                                    SUMMARY

     This summary and the preceding questions and answers highlight selected
information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus. They do not contain
all of the information that is important to you. To fully understand the
proposed merger and the consequences to you, and for a more complete
description of the legal terms of the merger, we urge you to read carefully
the entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents we refer to in
this document. We have included page references directing you to a more
complete description of the items presented in this summary.

The Companies

INVESTools Inc. (see page 56)
5959 Corporate Drive, Suite 2000
Houston, TX 77036
(281) 588-9700

     INVESTools is a newly formed company that will, as a result of the
merger, become a leading provider of investor education, financial
publications and analytical tools worldwide. INVESTools will own 100% of
ZiaSun and 100% of Telescan upon completion of the merger. On a pro forma
combined basis, INVESTools recorded $89.5 million of revenues for the year
ending December 31, 2000.

     As discussed below, INVESTools will create a combination of proven
classroom investor education with advanced e-finance services and
web-delivered analytical tools. The pro forma combined company is already
doing business in 12 countries. In the year 2000, the combined operations:

     o    conducted more than 1,200 investment seminars and 270 two-day
          investment workshops in 80 U.S. and 17 international cities;

     o    served more than 100,000 paying customers at price points ranging
          from $15 per month to $4,000 for a complete, two-day investor
          education workshop;

     o    reached more than one million active investors each month through
          Web sites and e-mail lists; and

     o    represented more than 40 unique, recognizable brands, including
          INVESTools, Investor Toolbox, WallStreetCity and others.

     The combined company is being built on a solid and practical business
platform, in which the investor workshops complement the online financial
tools. Investors are better able to leverage the power of online financial
tools, if they are provided a variety of ways to become familiar with those
tools, including live seminars, video tapes, audio tapes and Web based
information. This multi-channel approach is also expected to produce a pro
forma combined positive cash flow, providing significant differentiation from
many purely Web based business models.

ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. (see page 57)
655 San Rodolfo, Suite 120
Solana Beach, CA  90275
(858) 350-4060

     ZiaSun is an Internet technology holding company focused on international
investor education and e-finance. ZiaSun's revenues are largely derived from
Online Investors Advantage, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary. Online Investors
Advantage provides in-depth consumer training in the optimum use of
Internet-based investment and financial management tools and services via live
workshops, home study and online subscriptions. It has developed a live
two-day workshop and a video-based home-study program, both of which it
promotes online and through a multi-step marketing program. Online Investors
Advantage has a current customer base of approximately 12,000 individuals and
expanded its international presence significantly in 2000.

                                     -3-

     The proposed merger into INVESTools fulfills a strategic objective of
ZiaSun to vertically integrate its investor education services with Telescan's
ProSearch technology, which has been an integral part of the investor
workshops and home-study courses.

Telescan, Inc. (see page 83)
5959 Corporate Drive, Suite 2000
Houston, TX  77036
(281) 588-9700

     Telescan delivers premium investment advice and education to individual
investors online through two Web properties, INVESTools.com and
WallStreetCity.com. INVESTools.com publishes actionable investment advice and
education, and WallStreetCity.com is well known for its investment search
tool, ProSearch. Telescan also offers private-label subscription marketing and
e-mail list management services to marquee clients like Gilder Publishing,
TheStreet.com, TradingMarkets.com and StockJungle. In addition, through its
Business-to-Business Division, Telescan offers an array of online financial
solutions to businesses seeking to expand their offerings online and gain
greater cost efficiency through outsourcing. Telescan's business clients
include many of the nation's leading financial services and media companies,
including America Online, American Express, BusinessWeek Online, Forbes and
Quick & Reilly/Fleet National Bank.

     The merger into INVESTools will provide Telescan a broader customer base
for its products and services, and will provide a more direct seminar-based
connection with the users of its online financial tools. It will also provide
a pro forma combined company which expects to have positive cash flow, no
outstanding debt and therefore a strong platform on which to build further.

The Merger (see page 31)

     If the merger is completed, ZiaSun and Telescan will engage in a business
combination that results in each becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of
INVESTools. ZiaSun stockholders will receive one share of INVESTools common
stock for each share of ZiaSun common stock they own, holders of Telescan
common stock will receive 0.56486 shares of INVESTools common stock for each
share of Telescan common stock they own and holders of Telescan preferred
stock will receive one share of INVESTools preferred stock for each share of
Telescan preferred stock they own. The former ZiaSun stockholders would own
approximately 75% of INVESTools and the former Telescan common and preferred
stockholders would own the remaining interest of approximately 25%.

Recommendations of the Boards of Directors (see pages 34 & 35)

     To ZiaSun Stockholders: After careful consideration, ZiaSun's board of
directors unanimously recommends that its stockholders vote FOR the merger
proposal, FOR the election of the five persons nominated as ZiaSun directors,
and FOR the appointment of BDO Siedman, LLP to serve as ZiaSun's independent
public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2001.

     To Telescan Stockholders: After careful consideration, Telescan's board
of directors unanimously recommends that its stockholders vote FOR the merger
proposal.

The Annual and Special Stockholders' Meetings (see pages 25 & 29)

     The ZiaSun annual stockholders' meeting to consider and vote upon the
merger will be held at ______________ on _____ __, 2001 at ___ _.m.

     The Telescan special stockholders' meeting to consider and vote upon the
merger will be held at ______________ on _____ __, 2001 at ___ _.m.

Record Dates; Votes Required; Management Ownership (see pages 25 & 29)

     The board of directors of ZiaSun has fixed the close of business on
_______ __, 2001 as the record date for determination of stockholders entitled
to vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of ZiaSun common stock outstanding as of
the record date is required to approve

                                     -4-

the merger. As of the record date, ZiaSun directors and executive officers and
their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote __% of the outstanding shares
of ZiaSun common stock.

     The board of directors of Telescan has fixed the close of business on
_______ __, 2001 as the record date for determination of stockholders entitled
to vote at the special meeting of stockholders. The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Telescan common stock outstanding as of
the record date is required to approve the merger. As of the record date,
Telescan directors and executive officers and their affiliates owned and were
entitled to vote __% of the outstanding shares of Telescan common stock.

Voting Agreements (see page 55)

     Holders of approximately 42% of the outstanding shares of ZiaSun common
stock have already agreed to vote in favor of approving the merger.

     Holders of approximately 36% of the outstanding shares of Telescan common
stock have already agreed to vote in favor of approving the merger.

Dissenters' Rights (see page 42)

     Under Nevada law, holders of ZiaSun common stock are entitled to
dissenters' rights as a result of the merger under Sections 92A.300 to
92A.500, inclusive, of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If the merger agreement is
approved and adopted by the ZiaSun stockholders and the merger is consummated,
any ZiaSun stockholder, who (i) delivered to ZiaSun, before the vote was
taken, written notice of his or her intent to demand payment for his or her
shares if the merger were to be consummated and (ii) did not vote his or her
shares in favor of the merger, has the right to demand an appraisal of the
value of and payment for the stockholder's ZiaSun common stock.

     Under Delaware law, the common stockholders of Telescan are not entitled
to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger (see page 37)

     When you consider the merger agreement and the recommendations of the
boards of directors of ZiaSun and Telescan to vote in favor of the proposed
merger, you should be aware that directors and officers of each of ZiaSun and
Telescan may have interests in the merger that may differ from those of their
respective stockholders.

The Merger Agreement (see page 46)

     We have attached the merger agreement as Annex I to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read the merger agreement.

     Conditions to Completion of the Merger. Each of ZiaSun's and Telescan's
obligations to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of conditions specified in the merger agreement, including the following:

     o    the adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of ZiaSun
          and Telescan;

     o    dissenters' rights of the ZiaSun stockholders must not have been
          perfected with respect to more than 1,000,000 shares of ZiaSun
          common stock;

     o    the approval for listing, on Nasdaq, of the shares of INVESTools
          common stock to be issued, or to be reserved for issuance, in
          connection with the merger; and

     o    the receipt by each of ZiaSun and Telescan of satisfactory opinions
          from tax counsels.

     Termination of the Merger; Fees Payable. ZiaSun and Telescan can jointly
terminate the merger agreement at any time without completing the merger. In
addition, either ZiaSun or Telescan can terminate the

                                     -5-

merger agreement in circumstances specified in the agreement, including if the
merger is not completed on or before November 1, 2001.

     While the merger agreement prohibits ZiaSun and Telescan from soliciting
competing acquisition proposals, each may provide non-public information to,
and engage in negotiations and discussions with respect to, an unsolicited,
written superior proposal made to it. Furthermore, subject to compliance with
the terms of the merger agreement and payment of a fee equal to 3% of the
aggregate market value of its outstanding common stock as of May 2, 2001,
either party may terminate the merger agreement and accept a superior
proposal.

     Directors and Management Following the Merger. Under the merger
agreement, upon completion of the merger the board of directors of INVESTools
will be comprised of seven individuals--D. Scott Elder, Ross W. Jardine, Hans
von Meiss, William D. Savoy, Lee K. Barba, Stephen C. Wood and one other
person to be named by ZiaSun. Mr. Savoy will be the chairman.

Accounting Treatment (see page 41)

     Under generally accepted accounting principles, ZiaSun will be treated as
the acquiring entity in the merger and will account for the merger as a
purchase of Telescan for financial reporting and accounting purposes. After
the merger, the results of operations of ZiaSun and Telescan will be included
in the consolidated financial statements of INVESTools.

Merger Generally Tax-Free to ZiaSun and Telescan Stockholders (see page 39)

     We expect that the exchange of shares by ZiaSun and Telescan for
INVESTools stock will be tax-free to ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. You should be aware that the tax consequences to
you of the merger may depend upon your own situation. In addition, you may be
subject to state, local or foreign tax laws that are not discussed in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should therefore consult with your own
tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences to you of the
merger.

For ZiaSun Stockholders Only -- Election of Directors of Ziasun  (see page 25)

     ZiaSun stockholders are being asked to vote upon the election of five
directors to serve for a term of one year or until their successors have been
elected and qualified. The board of directors has nominated for election as
directors: D. Scott Elder, Allen D. Hardman, Ross W. Jardine, Hans von Meiss
and Christopher D. Outram.

For ZiaSun Stockholders Only -- Ratify Ziasun's Independent Accountants
 (see page 25)

     ZiaSun stockholders are being asked to ratify and approve BDO Siedman,
LLP to serve as ZiaSun's independent public accountants for the year ended
December 31, 2001.

No Governmental Approvals or Regulatory Requirements (see page 45)

     We are not aware of any material federal or state regulatory requirements
or approvals required for completion of the merger, other than filing
certificates of merger in Delaware and Nevada at or before the effective time
of the merger.

Per Share Market Price Information (see pages 64 & 88)

     ZiaSun's shares are traded on the OTC Bulletin Board of the NASD under
the symbol "ZSUN." On May 3, 2001, the last full trading day before our
announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, the closing price of
ZiaSun common stock was $0.69 per share, the high price was $0.70 per share
and the low price was $0.69 per share. On _____ __, 2001, the closing price of
ZiaSun common stock was $___ per share, the high price was $___ per share and
the low price was $___ per share

     Telescan's shares are traded on the National Market System of Nasdaq
under the symbol "TSCN." On May 3, 2001, the closing price of Telescan common
stock was $0.80 per share, the high price was $0.82 per share

                                     -6-

and the low price was $0.80 per share. On ________ ___, 2001, the closing
price of Telescan common stock was $___ per share, the high price was $___ per
share and the low price was $___ per share.

                                     -7-

                       SUMMARY HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA

ZiaSun

     The following table sets forth ZiaSun's summary historical consolidated
financial information. The summary historical consolidated financial
information as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1996, 1997 and
1998 has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, ZiaSun's
audited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto,
which have been audited by Jones, Jensen & Company, independent auditors, and
which, in the case of the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998, are attached to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary historical consolidated
financial information as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999
has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, ZiaSun's
audited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto,
which have been audited by HJ & Associates, LLC, independent auditors, and
which are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary
historical consolidated financial information as of and for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000 has been derived from, and should be read in
conjunction with, ZiaSun's audited historical consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto, which have been audited by BDO Siedman, LLP,
independent auditors, and which are attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The summary historical consolidated financial
information as of and for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2000 and 2001
has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, ZiaSun's
unaudited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In ZiaSun's opinion, all
adjustments (which consist only of normal recurring entries) considered
necessary for a fair presentation have been included in ZiaSun's unaudited
financial statements. Interim results for the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
2001 are not necessarily indicative of, or projections for, the results to be
expected for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2001. The following
summary historical consolidated financial information should be read in
conjunction with the sections entitled "Selected Historical Financial Data of
ZiaSun" and "ZiaSun Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of ZiaSun" below and with the consolidated
financial statements of ZiaSun and the notes thereto attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

                                   Quarters Ended
Statement of Operations               March 31,                     Years ended December 31,
                                  ------------------    ----------------------------------------------------
                                    2001      2000        2000        1999      1998       1997       1996
                                  --------  --------    --------   ---------  ---------  ---------  --------
                                                        (in thousands, except per share data)

Revenue.......................... $14,233    $12,914     $ 54,667   $23,620    $   --     $    --     $   --

Earnings (loss) before other
  income and special charges.....    (823)     3,189        4,143     4,386       (77)         --         --
Goodwill impairment..............      --         --      (71,756)       --        --          --         --
Other income (expense)...........    (247)        94          167        17        --          --         --

Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations..........  (1,093)     1,763      (70,548)    2,632       (77)     (3,511)        (4)
Net income (loss)................ $(1,233)   $ 1,977     $(77,226)  $ 5,964    $  769     $(3,511)    $   (4)

Net income (loss) per
  common share from
  continuing operations
    Basic........................ $ (0.04)   $  0.08     $  (2.37)  $  0.12    $   --     $   --      $   --
                                  ========   =======     =========  =======    ======     ======      ======
    Diluted...................... $ (0.04)   $  0.08     $  (2.37)  $  0.10    $   --     $   --      $   --
                                  ========   =======     =========  =======    ======     ======      ======

Weighted average common
  Shares outstanding
   Basic.........................  32,315     22,219       29,744    21,770    17,023     15,467        800
                                  ========   =======     =========  =======    ======     ======      ======
   Diluted.......................  32,315     22,269       29,744    25,796    17,023     15,467        800
                                  ========   =======     =========  =======    ======     ======      ======

                                                                             December 31,
                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data                   March 31, 2001        2000      1999       1998       1997         1996
                                  --------------------  ---------  ---------  --------  -----------  ---------
                                                                  (in thousands)

Working capital..................  $   (584)            $    72    $6,373     $1,661,605  $(12,355)  $66,379
Total assets.....................    47,513              47,713    19,457          4,765       123        66
Total stockholders' equity.......    40,881              42,099    15,736          4,165        37        66

                                     -8-

Telescan

     The following table sets forth certain of Telescan's summary historical
consolidated financial information. The summary historical consolidated
financial information as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1996,
1997, 1998 and 1999 has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction
with, Telescan's audited historical consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto, which have been audited by Hein + Associates LLP, independent
auditors, and which, in the case of the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998
and 1999, are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary
historical consolidated financial information as of and for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000 has been derived from, and should be read in
conjunction with, Telescan's audited historical consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto, which have been audited by Arthur Andersen
LLP, independent auditors, and which are attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The summary historical consolidated financial
information as of and for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2000 and 2001
has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, Telescan's
unaudited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In Telescan's opinion, all
adjustments (which consist only of normal recurring entries) considered
necessary for a fair presentation have been included in Telescan's unaudited
financial statements. Interim results for the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
2001 are not necessarily indicative of, or projections for, the results to be
expected for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2001. The following
summary historical consolidated financial information should be read in
conjunction with the sections entitled "Selected Historical Consolidated
Financial Data of Telescan" and "Telescan Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" below and with consolidated
financial statements of Telescan and the notes thereto attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

                                  Quarters Ended
Statement of Operations              March 31,                      Years Ended December 31,
                                  ------------------   -----------------------------------------------------
                                    2001      2000        2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                  --------  --------   ---------  ---------   ---------  -------   ---------
                                              (in thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenue.........................  $ 5,863   $ 9,827     $ 35,938   $ 26,438   $ 15,234   $ 16,467   $ 13,721

Earnings (loss) before other
  income and special
  charges.......................   (1,321)     (521)      (6,457)    (2,998)    (6,277)    (1,496)    (4,130)
Write down of assets and other
  charges.......................     (701)   (1,500)     (11,742)        --     (1,530)        --         --
Cost of acquisition
  opportunities.................       --        --       (5,009)    (3,287)        --         --         --
Other income (expense)..........       23    12,245       (7,436)       435       (413)       341        349

Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations.........   (1,999)    8,183      (30,644)    (5,850)    (8,220)    (1,155)    (3,781)
Net income (loss)...............  $(1,999)  $ 8,183     $(30,644)   $(5,850)  $ (8,201)  $ (1,174)  $ (3,781)

Net income (loss) per common
  share from continuing
  operations
    Basic.......................  $ (0.12)  $  0.49     $  (1.85)   $ (0.39)  $  (0.66)  $  (0.10)  $  (0.32)
                                  ========  =======     =========   ========  =========  =========  =========
    Diluted.....................  $ (0.12)  $  0.47     $  (1.85)   $ (0.39)  $  (0.66)  $  (0.10)  $  (0.32)
                                  ========  =======     =========   ========  =========  =========  =========

Weighted average common shares
  outstanding
    Basic.......................   16,296    16,633       16,665     15,486     12,654     12,203     11,655
                                  ========  =======     =========   ========  =========  =========  =========
    Diluted.....................   16,296    17,469       16,665     15,486     12,654     12,203     11,655
                                  ========  =======     =========   ========  =========  =========  =========

                                                                            December 31,
                                                        -----------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data                  March 31, 2001        2000        1999       1998      1997       1996
                                  ------------------    --------    --------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                  (in thousands)

Working capital.................     $  (1,774)         $  4,156    $10,049   $   (641)  $    956   $    436
Total assets....................        14,642            19,440     82,899     13,401     13,178     11,673
Total long-term obligations.....            18                46     11,500      2,366        507        784
Total stockholders' equity......         6,159             9,427     57,770      4,771      9,160      7,750

                                     -9-

  SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA OF ZIASUN AND TELESCAN

Statement of Operations                    Quarter Ended          Year Ended
                                           March 31, 2001      December 31, 2000
                                           --------------      -----------------
                                           (in thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenue...................................  $ 19,889             $  89,457

Loss before other income and special
  charges.................................    (2,690)               (4,579)
Write down of assets and other charges....      (701)              (83,498)
Cost of acquisition opportunities.........        --                (5,009)
Other income (expenses)...................      (223)               (7,269)

Net loss from continuing
  operations..............................  $ (3,614)            $(102,672)

Net loss per common share from
  continuing operations
    Basic.................................  $  (0.09)            $   (2.63)
                                            =========            ==========
    Diluted...............................  $  (0.09)            $   (2.63)
                                            =========            ==========

Weighted average common shares outstanding
    Basic.................................    41,520                39,157
                                            =========            ==========
    Diluted...............................    41,520                39,157
                                            =========            ==========

Balance Sheet Data                        March 31, 2001
                                          --------------
                                          (in thousands)

Working capital...........................  $(2,358)
Total assets..............................   67,534
Total long-term obligations...............       18
Total stockholders' equity................   52,419

                                     -10-

                          COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

     The following table sets forth selected historical and pro forma per
common share data for income and stockholders' equity as of and for the
periods ended on the dates specified (i) on a historical basis for ZiaSun,
(ii) on a historical basis for Telescan, (iii) on a pro forma basis for ZiaSun
and Telescan combined, (iv) on a pro forma combined ZiaSun equivalent basis
and (v) on a pro forma combined Telescan equivalent basis. The following
information should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated
financial statements of ZiaSun and Telescan included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Neither ZiaSun nor Telescan has paid any cash dividends
to common stockholders during the periods ended on the dates specified below.

                                                                                             As of and for the
                                                     As of and for the Three Months Ended        Year Ended
                                                                March 31, 2001               December 31, 2000
                                                     ------------------------------------    ------------------

ZiaSun Historical
  Income (loss) per share from continuing
    operations, fully diluted..................               $ (0.04)                          $ (2.37)
  Stockholders' equity per share...............                 1.27                               1.42

Telescan Historical
  Income (loss) per share, fully diluted.......               $ (0.12)                          $ (1.85)
  Stockholders' equity per share...............                  0.38                              0.57

Pro Forma Combined Entity
  Income (loss) per share from continuing
    operations, fully diluted..................               $ (0.09)                          $ (2.63)
  Stockholders' equity per share...............                  1.26                               N/A

ZiaSun Equivalent Pro Forma Basis
  Income (loss) per share from continuing
    operations, fully diluted..................               $ (0.11)                          $ (3.46)
  Stockholders' equity per share...............                  1.62                               N/A

Telescan Equivalent Pro Forma Basis
  Income (loss) per share, fully diluted.......               $ (0.39)                          $(10.92)
  Stockholders' equity per share...............                  5.69                               N/A

                                     -11-

                                 RISK FACTORS

     By voting in favor of the approval of the merger agreement, ZiaSun and
Telescan stockholders will be choosing to invest in INVESTools common stock.
An investment in INVESTools common stock involves a high degree of risk. In
addition to the other information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, both ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders should carefully
consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to vote for the
merger. Any of the following risks could seriously harm INVESTools', ZiaSun's
or Telescan's business and financial results and cause the value of
INVESTools', ZiaSun's or Telescan's securities to decline which, in turn,
could cause you to lose all or part of your investment.

RISKS RELATING TO THE MERGER

ZiaSun and Telescan Stockholders will Receive a Fixed Ratio of Shares of
INVESTools Common Stock

     Upon completion of the merger, each share of ZiaSun common stock will be
converted into one share of INVESTools common stock, and each share of
Telescan common stock will be converted into 0.56486 shares of INVESTools
common stock. There will be no adjustment to the exchange ratio if the market
price of either ZiaSun or Telescan common stock fluctuates. The market price
of INVESTools common stock that ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders will receive
upon completion of the merger will depend, among other things, upon the market
value of ZiaSun and Telescan common stock at the time of the merger. The share
prices of both ZiaSun and Telescan common stock are subject to price
fluctuations in the market for publicly-traded equity securities and have each
experienced significant volatility. As a result, the value of the ZiaSun or
Telescan shares you exchange, and the INVESTools shares you receive, in the
merger will not be known at the time you vote on the merger. We cannot predict
the market prices for either ZiaSun or Telescan common stock at any time
before the completion of the merger or the market price for INVESTools common
stock after the completion of the merger. We encourage you to obtain current
market quotations of ZiaSun and Telescan common stock.

INVESTools May Fail to Realize the Anticipated Benefits of the Merger

     INVESTools may not realize the anticipated benefits and value of the
merger if it fails to successfully integrate the businesses of ZiaSun and
Telescan. For example,

     o    cross-marketing synergies may not achieve expected results;

     o    INVESTools may also incur unanticipated integration related costs;
          and

     o    existing relationships with customers may be impaired.

Officers and Directors of Both Companies Have Different Interests from Yours

     Certain officers and directors of ZiaSun and Telescan have certain
interests in the merger and participate in certain arrangements that are
different from, or are in addition to, those of ZiaSun and Telescan
stockholders generally. These include:

     o    Lee K. Barba, a current member of the board of directors and the
          Chief Executive Officer of Telescan, will become a member of the
          board of directors and the Chief Executive Officer of INVESTools;

     o    D. Scott Elder, the current Chairman of the board of directors and
          the Chief Executive Officer of ZiaSun, will become a member of the
          board of directors and an Executive Vice President of INVESTools;

     o    Ross W. Jardine, a current member of the board of directors and the
          Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ZiaSun, will become a
          member of the board of directors and an Executive Vice President of
          INVESTools;

     o    William D. Savoy, the current Chairman of the Telescan board of
          directors, will become the Chairman of the board of directors of
          INVESTools;

                                     -12-

     o    Hans von Meiss, a current member of the board of directors of
          ZiaSun, will become a member of the board of directors of
          INVESTools;

     o    Stephen C. Wood, a current member of the Telescan board of
          directors, will become a member of the board of directors of
          INVESTools;

     o    Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine have each entered into employment
          agreements with INVESTools. The agreements are summarized as
          follows:

          Employment Contract between Lee K. Barba and INVESTools. Mr. Barba's
          employment agreement provides for a base salary of $425,000 and an
          annual bonus. As determined by the board of directors, Mr. Barba
          will be eligible to receive stock option grants and/or restricted
          stock awards. If within 24 months after a change of control of
          INVESTools Mr. Barba is terminated, he will receive a lump sum
          payment of two times the sum of his annual salary and the greater of
          the target and actual bonus.

          Employment Contract between D. Scott Elder and INVESTools. Mr.
          Elder's employment agreement provides for a base salary of $425,000
          and an annual bonus. Upon approval of the board of directors, Mr.
          Elder will be granted options to purchase, at fair market value
          determined as of the grant date, an aggregate of 550,000 shares of
          INVESTools common stock (which vest in four equal annual
          installments beginning one year after the merger). As determined by
          the board of directors, Mr. Elder will be eligible to receive stock
          option grants and/or restricted stock awards. Additionally, under
          his employment agreement, Mr. Elder is entitled to a merger
          transition award of $600,000 (payable in three equal annual
          installments beginning one year after the merger) and $600,000 worth
          of shares of restricted stock of INVESTools (which vest in three
          equal annual installments beginning one year after the merger). All
          unpaid amounts or unvested shares will vest upon a change of control
          of INVESTools. If within 24 months after a change of control of
          INVESTools Mr. Elder is terminated, he shall receive a lump sum
          payment of two times the sum of his annual salary and the greater of
          the target and actual bonus.

          Employment Contract between Ross Jardine and INVESTools. Mr.
          Jardine's employment agreement provides for a base salary of
          $425,000 and an annual bonus. Upon approval of the board of
          directors, Mr. Jardine will be granted options to purchase, at fair
          market value determined as of the grant date, an aggregate of
          550,000 shares of INVESTools common stock (which vest in four equal
          annual installments beginning one year after the merger). As
          determined by the board of directors, Mr. Jardine will be eligible
          to receive stock option grants and/or restricted stock awards.
          Additionally, under his employment agreement, Mr. Jardine is
          entitled to a merger transition award of $600,000 (payable in three
          equal annual installments beginning one year after the merger) and
          $600,000 worth of shares of restricted stock of INVESTools (which
          vest in three equal annual installments beginning one year after the
          merger). All unpaid amounts or unvested shares will vest upon a
          change of control of INVESTools. If within 24 months after a change
          of control of INVESTools Mr. Jardine is terminated, he shall receive
          a lump sum payment of two times the sum of his annual salary and the
          greater of the target and actual bonus.

     o    ZiaSun and Telescan officers and directors have continuing
          indemnification against certain liabilities.

     These interests may have influenced these officers and directors in
supporting the adoption of the merger.

INVESTools Common Stock May Be Deemed a "Penny Stock"

     INVESTools common stock may, at some future time, be deemed to be a
"penny stock" as that term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Penny stocks are stocks
(i) with a price of less than five dollars per share; (ii) that are not traded
on a "recognized" national exchange; (iii) whose prices are not quoted on the
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System
("Nasdaq") automated quotation system (Nasdaq-listed stocks must still meet
requirement (i) above); or (iv) of an issuer with net tangible assets of less
than $2,000,000 (if the issuer has been in continuous operation for at least

                                     -13-

three years) or $5,000,000 (if in continuous operation for less than three
years), or with average annual revenues of less than $6,000,000 for the last
three years.

     If INVESTools common stock were deemed a penny stock, section 15(g) and
Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act would require broker-dealers dealing in
INVESTools common stock to provide potential investors with a document
disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated
written receipt of the document before effecting any transaction in a penny
stock for the investor's account. Potential investors in INVESTools common
stock are urged to obtain and read such disclosures carefully before
purchasing any shares that are deemed to be "penny stock."

     Moreover, Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act requires broker-dealers in penny
stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks
before selling any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the
broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or
her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii)
reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny
stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient
knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks
of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written
statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the
determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such
statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the
investor's financial situation, investment experience and investment
objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult for
investors in INVESTools common stock to resell their shares to third parties
or to otherwise dispose of them.

RISKS RELATING TO ZIASUN'S BUSINESS

Liquidity and Cash Flow

     For the three months ended March 31, 2001, ZiaSun had revenues of $14.2
million compared to $13.0 million for the same period in 2000, an increase of
about $1.2 million. ZiaSun believes that in order to maintain or increase
revenues additional marketing costs will have to be incurred. No assurance can
be given that ZiaSun will be able to maintain or increase revenues by
expanding marketing costs. Further, ZiaSun has no control over the stock
market or over the effect that its fluctuations have on the demand for
investor training seminars and materials. It is ZiaSun's intention to continue
increasing its marketing efforts and to explore new opportunities to generate
additional revenue.

     At March 31, 2001 ZiaSun had $3.7 million in cash and had a positive cash
flow from continued operations of $807,669. ZiaSun had an accumulated deficit
of $75,240,010, primarily due to the write off of goodwill. At March 31, 2001,
ZiaSun had negative working capital of $583,854, resulting primarily from the
categorization of potential sales tax liability as a current obligation.

Competition

     There are several corporations, firms and individuals engaged in the type
of business activities in which ZiaSun is presently engaged. Many of those
entities are more experienced and possess substantially greater financial
technological, marketing, operational and other resources than ZiaSun or its
subsidiaries. Some of ZiaSun's competitors have longer operating histories. In
addition, certain of ZiaSun's competitors offer a wider range of services and
financial products than ZiaSun, and thus may be able to respond more quickly
to new or changing opportunities, technologies and customer requirements.
Certain of ZiaSun's competitors also have greater name recognition and larger
customer bases that could be leveraged, thereby gaining market share from
ZiaSun. Such competitors could conduct more extensive promotional activities
and offer better terms and lower prices to customers than ZiaSun can.

     Certain competitors have established cooperative relationships among
themselves or with third parties to enhance their services and products.
Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among existing
competitors may significantly reduce ZiaSun's market share.

     The current trend toward consolidation in the commercial banking industry
could further increase competition in all aspects of ZiaSun's business. While
ZiaSun cannot predict the type and extent of competitive

                                     -14-

services that commercial banks and other financial institutions ultimately may
offer, or whether legislative barriers will be modified, ZiaSun may be
adversely affected by such competition or legislation. To the extent ZiaSun's
competitors are able to attract and retain customers based on the convenience
of one-stop shopping, ZiaSun's business or ability to grow could be adversely
affected.

     There can be no assurance that ZiaSun will be able to compete effectively
with current or future competitors or that such competition will not have a
material adverse effect on ZiaSun's business, financial condition and
operating results.

Volatile Market for Common Stock

     ZiaSun common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board of the NASD under
the symbol "ZSUN." The market price of ZiaSun common stock has been and is
likely to continue to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations due
to various factors, many of which may be beyond ZiaSun's control, including:
quarterly variations in actual and anticipated operating results;
announcements of technological innovations or new software, services or
products by ZiaSun or its competitors; and changes in financial estimates and
recommendations by securities analysts. In addition, ZiaSun is an
Internet-related company. There have been large price and volume fluctuations
in the stock market which have affected the market prices of securities of
many technology and services companies, often unrelated to the operating
performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as
general economic and political conditions, may adversely affect the market
price of ZiaSun common stock. In the past, volatility in the market price of a
company's securities has often led to securities class action litigation. Such
litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of ZiaSun's
attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on
ZiaSun's business, financial condition and operating results.

Dependence on Key Employees

     Historically, ZiaSun and its subsidiaries have been heavily dependent on
the ability of D. Scott Elder, Ross W. Jardine, Allen D. Hardman, Scott Harris
and David McCoy, who contribute essential technical and management experience.
ZiaSun currently only has an employment and non-competition agreement with
Allen D. Hardman. In the event of future growth in administration, marketing,
manufacturing and customer support functions, ZiaSun may have to increase the
depth and experience of its management team by adding new members. ZiaSun's
success will depend to a large degree upon the active participation of its key
officers and employees. Loss of services of any of the current officers and
directors could have a significant adverse effect on the operations and
prospects of ZiaSun. There can be no assurance that it will be able to employ
qualified persons on acceptable terms to replace officers that become
unavailable.

Risks Associated with Systems Failures

     Many of the services and products offered by ZiaSun and its subsidiaries
are through the Internet, online service providers and touch-tone telephone.
Thus, ZiaSun depends heavily on the integrity of the electronic systems
supporting this activity, including ZiaSun's internal software programs and
computer systems. ZiaSun's systems or any other systems of third parties
utilized by it could slow down significantly or fail for a variety of reasons
including: undetected errors in ZiaSun's internal software programs or
computer systems; ZiaSun's inability to effectively resolve any errors in
ZiaSun's internal software programs or computer systems once they are
detected; or heavy stress placed on ZiaSun's system during certain peak hours
of usage of either ZiaSun's own or its third party provider systems. In the
past, ZiaSun has experienced slower response times and interruptions in
service for a variety of reasons. ZiaSun could also be affected by computer
viruses, electronic break-ins or other similar disruptions. If any of these
systems slows down significantly or fails even for a short time, ZiaSun's
customers would suffer delays and dissatisfaction.

     ZiaSun could experience a number of adverse consequences as a result of
these systems failures including the loss of existing customers and the
inability to attract or retain new customers. There can be no assurance that
ZiaSun's network structure or those of third party service providers will
operate appropriately in any of the following events: subsystem, component or
software failure; a power or telecommunications failure; human error; an
earthquake, fire or other natural disaster; or an act of God or war. There can
be no assurance that in any such

                                     -15-

event, ZiaSun will be able to prevent an extended systems failure. Any such
systems failure that interrupts ZiaSun's operations could have a material
adverse effect on ZiaSun's business, financial condition and operating
results.

Security Breaches and Risks Associated with Encryption Technology

     A significant barrier to online commerce is the secure transmission of
confidential information over public networks. The security of ZiaSun's
customers' confidential transaction data could be jeopardized as a result of
the accidental or intentional acts of Internet users, current and former
employees or others or computer viruses. ZiaSun could lose customers and be
liable for damages caused by these security breaches, which could result in
poor operating results. Security breaches experienced by other electronic
commerce companies could reduce consumers' confidence in ZiaSun. Although we
plan to continue to use encryption and authentication technology, these
measures can be circumvented. There can be no assurance that advances in
computer and cryptography capabilities or other developments will not result
in a compromise of the encryption and authentication technology ZiaSun uses to
protect customer transaction data. If any such compromise of ZiaSun's security
were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on ZiaSun's business,
financial condition and operating results. In addition, the costs required to
continually upgrade ZiaSun's security measures could be prohibitively
expensive and could result in delays or interruption of service that could
result in a loss of customers.

Risks Associated with Significant Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating Results

     ZiaSun expects to experience large fluctuations in future quarterly
operating results that may be caused by many factors, including: the timing of
introductions or enhancements to online investing services and other products
by ZiaSun or its competitors; market acceptance of online investing services
and products; the pace of development of the market for online commerce;
changes in trading volume in securities markets; trends in securities markets;
domestic and international regulation of the brokerage industry; changes in
pricing policies by ZiaSun or its competitors; changes in strategy; the
success of or costs associated with acquisitions, joint ventures or other
strategic relationships; changes in key personnel; seasonal trends; the extent
of international expansion; the mix of international and domestic revenues;
changes in the level of operating expenses to support projected growth; and
general economic conditions. ZiaSun has also experienced fluctuations in the
average number of customer transactions per day. Thus, the rate of growth in
customer transactions at any given time is not necessarily indicative of
future transaction activity.

     ZiaSun's sales increased by $1,319,409 in the first quarter of 2001 as
compared to the first quarter of 2000. This is an increase of 10%. ZiaSun's
gross margin was 43% of sales in the first quarter of 2000 compared to 32% in
the first quarter of 2001. This decrease in gross margin was due to the higher
cost of seminars in the first quarter of 2001 than the first quarter of 2000.
ZiaSun's cost of seminars is higher because the average attendance at the
seminars has declined from approximately 60 attendees per seminar in the first
quarter of 2000 to approximately 45 attendees per seminar in the first quarter
of 2001. ZiaSun provides the same quality of meeting facilities and speakers
no matter what the attendance may be at its seminars. Management attributes
the average attendance decrease to the overall decline in the stock market.

     The operating expenses of ZiaSun are based in part on ZiaSun's
expectations of its future revenues and are relatively fixed in the short
term. ZiaSun may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any
unexpected revenue shortfall. If ZiaSun has a shortfall in revenues in
relation to its expenses, or if its expenses precede increased revenues, then
ZiaSun's results of operations and financial condition would be materially
adversely affected.

Risks Associated with Management of a Changing Business

     ZiaSun has grown rapidly and ZiaSun's business and operations have
changed substantially since ZiaSun began offering online investing services
and products, and ZiaSun expects this trend to continue. Such rapid change and
expansion places significant demands on ZiaSun's administrative, operational,
financial and other resources.

     If ZiaSun's revenues do not keep up with operating expenses, ZiaSun's
information management systems do not expand to meet increasing demands,
ZiaSun fails to attract, assimilate and retain qualified personnel, or ZiaSun
fails to manage ZiaSun's expansion effectively, there could be a material
adverse effect on ZiaSun's

                                     -16-

business, financial condition and operating results. The rapid growth in the
use of ZiaSun's services may strain ZiaSun's ability to adequately expand
technologically.

     As ZiaSun acquires new equipment and applications quickly, ZiaSun has
less time and ability to test and validate hardware and software, which could
lead to performance problems. ZiaSun also relies on a number of third parties
to process ZiaSun's transactions, including online and Internet service
providers, back office processing organizations, service providers and
market-makers, all of which will need to expand the scope of the operations
they perform for ZiaSun. Any backlog caused by a third party's inability to
expand sufficiently to meet ZiaSun's needs could have a material adverse
effect on its business, financial condition and operating results. As trading
volume increases, ZiaSun may have difficulty hiring and training qualified
personnel at the necessary pace, and the shortage of licensed personnel could
cause a backlog in the processing of orders that need review, which could lead
not only to unsatisfied customers, but also to liability for orders that were
not executed on a timely basis.

Risks Associated with Early Stage of Market Development; Dependence on
Online Commerce and the Internet

     The market for online investing services is rapidly evolving.
Consequently, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced services
and products are subject to a high level of uncertainty. For ZiaSun, this
uncertainty is compounded by the risks that consumers will not adopt online
commerce and that commerce on the Internet will not adequately develop or
flourish to permit ZiaSun to succeed.

     Sales of many of ZiaSun's services and products will depend on consumers
adopting the Internet as a method of doing business. This may not occur
because of inadequate development of the necessary infrastructure, such as a
reliable network infrastructure, or complementary services and products such
as high-speed modems and communication lines. The Internet has grown and is
expected to grow both in number of users and amount of traffic. There can be
no assurance that the Internet infrastructure will continue to be able to
support the demands placed on it by this continued growth. In addition, the
Internet could lose its viability due to slow development or adoption of
standards and protocols to handle increased Internet activity, or due to
increased governmental regulation.

     Moreover, critical issues including security, reliability, cost, ease of
use, accessibility and quality of service remain unresolved and may negatively
affect the growth of Internet use or commerce on the Internet. Because use of
the Internet for commerce is new and evolving, there can be no assurance that
the Internet will prove to be a viable commercial marketplace. If these
critical issues are not resolved, if the necessary infrastructure is not
developed, or if the Internet does not become a viable commercial marketplace,
ZiaSun's business, financial condition and operating results will be
materially adversely affected. Adoption of online commerce by individuals that
have relied upon traditional means of commerce in the past will require such
individuals to accept new and very different methods of conducting business.

     Additionally, ZiaSun's services over the Internet involve a new approach
to investing research, which will require on-going marketing and sales efforts
to educate prospective customers regarding the Internet's uses and benefits.
For example, consumers who trade with more traditional brokerage firms, or
even discount brokers, may be reluctant or slow to change to obtaining
brokerage services over the Internet. Also, concerns about security and
privacy on the Internet may hinder the growth of online investing research and
trading, which could have a material adverse effect on ZiaSun's business,
financial condition and operating results.

Declines in ZiaSun's Stock Price; Securities Class Action Litigation

     The market price of ZiaSun's stock has declined over the past year and
may continue to decline in the future. In addition, most publicly-held
Internet companies have experienced market price and trading volume declines.
These broad market and industry factors may materially adversely affect the
market price of ZiaSun stock, regardless of ZiaSun's actual operating
performance. In the past, following periods of decline in the market price of
a company's securities, securities class action litigation often has been
instituted against such company. This type of litigation, if instituted, could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of ZiaSun's management's attention
and resources.

                                     -17-

Risks Associated with the Securities Industry; Concentration of Services

     Most of ZiaSun's revenue in the past has been from ZiaSun's online
investor services and products, and ZiaSun expects this business to continue
to account for most of ZiaSun's revenue in the foreseeable future. ZiaSun,
like other companies in the Internet securities industry, is directly affected
by economic and political conditions, broad trends in business and finance and
changes in volume and price levels of securities and futures transactions. In
recent months, the U.S. securities markets have fluctuated considerably and a
downturn in these markets could affect customer's interest in its products and
services and adversely affect ZiaSun's operating results.

     The stock market has recently suffered major declines, as a result of
which many companies and firms suffered financial losses, and the level of
individual investor trading activity decreased after these events. Reduced
trading volume and prices have historically resulted in reduced revenues to
companies such as ZiaSun. When trading volume is low and investor and customer
interest in or use of ZiaSun's products and services diminishes, ZiaSun's
operating results may be adversely affected because ZiaSun's overhead remains
relatively fixed. Severe market fluctuations in the future could have a
material adverse effect on ZiaSun's business, financial condition and
operating results.

Risks Associated with Delays in Introduction of New Services and Products

     ZiaSun's future success depends in part on ZiaSun's ability to develop
and enhance ZiaSun's services and products and to adapt to rapidly changing
Internet technologies. There are significant technical risks, as well as
costs, in the development of new services and products or enhanced versions of
existing services and products. There can be no assurance that ZiaSun will be
successful in achieving any of the following: effectively using new
technologies; adapting ZiaSun's services and products to emerging industry
standards; developing, introducing and marketing service and product
enhancements; or developing, introducing and marketing new services and
products. ZiaSun may also experience difficulties that could delay or prevent
the development, introduction or marketing of these services and products.
Additionally, these new services and products may not adequately meet the
requirements of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. If ZiaSun is
unable to develop and introduce enhanced or new services and products quickly
enough to respond to market or customer requirements, or if they do not
achieve market acceptance, ZiaSun's business, financial condition and
operating results will be materially adversely affected.

Risks Associated with Dependence on Intellectual Property Rights

     ZiaSun does not presently hold any patents, but does hold some registered
copyrights. ZiaSun is also currently in the process of seeking copyright and
trademark protection of its trade names and Web site addresses. ZiaSun's
success and ability to compete are dependent to a degree on ZiaSun's name and
product recognition. Accordingly, ZiaSun will primarily rely on copyright,
trade secret and trademark law to protect its products, services and brand
names under which ZiaSun conducts its business. Effective trademark protection
may not be available for ZiaSun's trademarks. There can be no assurance that
ZiaSun will be able to secure significant protection for ZiaSun's trademarks.

     ZiaSun's competitors or others may adopt product or service names similar
to ZiaSun's, thereby impeding ZiaSun's ability to build brand identity and
possibly leading to customer confusion. ZiaSun's inability to protect its
product, brand, trade names and trademarks adequately would have a material
adverse effect on ZiaSun's business, financial condition and operating
results. Despite any precautions ZiaSun takes, a third party may be able to
copy or otherwise obtain and use ZiaSun's software or other proprietary
information without authorization or to develop similar software
independently.

     In addition, ZiaSun does not know whether it will be able to defend its
proprietary rights since the validity, enforceability and scope of protection
of proprietary rights in Internet-related industries is still evolving.
Policing unauthorized use of ZiaSun's technology is made especially difficult
by the global nature of the Internet and the difficulty in controlling the
ultimate destination or security of software or other data transmitted
thereon. The laws of other countries may afford ZiaSun little or no effective
protection for ZiaSun's intellectual property.

     There can be no assurance that the steps ZiaSun takes will prevent
misappropriation of ZiaSun's technology or that agreements entered into for
that purpose will be enforceable. In addition, litigation may be

                                     -18-

necessary in the future to enforce ZiaSun's intellectual property rights;
protect ZiaSun's trade secrets; determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others; or defend against claims of infringement or
invalidity. Such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result
in substantial costs and diversions of resources, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on ZiaSun's business, financial condition and
operating results.

Risks Associated with Infringement

     ZiaSun may in the future receive notices of claims of infringement on
other parties' proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that claims for
infringement or invalidity (or any indemnification claims based on such
claims) will not be asserted or prosecuted against ZiaSun. Any such claims,
with or without merit, could be time consuming and costly to defend or
litigate, divert ZiaSun's attention and resources or require ZiaSun to enter
into royalty or licensing agreements. There can be no assurance that such
licenses would be available on reasonable terms, if at all, and the assertion
or prosecution of any such claims could have a material adverse effect on
ZiaSun's business, financial condition and operating results.

Risks Associated with Entering New Markets

     One element of ZiaSun's strategy is to leverage ZiaSun's brand names and
services that ZiaSun and its subsidiaries provide. No assurance can be given
that ZiaSun will be able to successfully adapt ZiaSun's products and services
for use in other markets. Even if ZiaSun does adapt ZiaSun's products to other
markets, no assurance can be given that ZiaSun will be able to compete
successfully in any such new markets. There can be no assurance that ZiaSun's
marketing efforts or ZiaSun's pursuit of any new opportunities will be
successful. If ZiaSun's efforts are not successful, ZiaSun could realize less
than expected earnings, which in turn could result in a decrease in the market
value of ZiaSun common stock. Furthermore, such efforts may divert management
attention or inefficiently utilize ZiaSun's resources.

Risks Associated with International Strategy

     One component of ZiaSun's strategy is a planned increase in efforts to
attract additional international customers and to expand ZiaSun's Online
Investors Advantage, Inc. ("OIA") seminars, services and products into
international markets.

     There are certain risks inherent in doing business in international
markets, such as: unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs and
other trade barriers; difficulties in staffing and managing foreign
operations; political instability; fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;
seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in Europe
and certain other parts of the world; and potentially adverse tax
consequences. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact the success of
ZiaSun's international operations. In some of the countries in which ZiaSun
does business, ZiaSun relies upon third parties for a variety of business and
regulatory compliance matters. ZiaSun has limited control over the management
and direction of these third parties. ZiaSun runs the risk that their action
or inaction could harm ZiaSun's operations and/or the goodwill associated with
ZiaSun's brand names. As a result, the risk to its operations and goodwill is
higher. There can be no assurance that one or more of the factors described
above will not have a material adverse effect on ZiaSun's future international
operations, if any, and, consequently, on its business, financial condition
and operating results.

ZiaSun Common Stock May Be Deemed a "Penny Stock"

     ZiaSun common stock may, at some future time, be deemed to be a "penny
stock" as that term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. Penny
stocks are stocks (i) with a price of less than five dollars per share; (ii)
that are not traded on a "recognized" national exchange; (iii) whose prices
are not quoted on the Nasdaq automated quotation system (Nasdaq-listed stocks
must still meet requirement (i) above); or (iv) of an issuer with net tangible
assets of less than $2,000,000 (if the issuer has been in continuous operation
for at least three years) or $5,000,000 (if in continuous operation for less
than three years), or with average annual revenues of less than $6,000,000 for
the last three years.

                                     -19-

     A principal exclusion from the definition of a penny stock is an equity
security that has a price of five dollars ($5.00) or more, excluding any
broker or dealer commissions, markups or markdowns. As of the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, ZiaSun common stock has a price less than
$5.00.

     If ZiaSun common stock were deemed a penny stock, section 15(g) and Rule
3a51-1 of the Exchange Act would require broker-dealers dealing in ZiaSun
common stock to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the
risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written
receipt of the document before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for
the investor's account. Potential investors in ZiaSun common stock are urged
to obtain and read such disclosures carefully before purchasing any shares
that are deemed to be "penny stock."

     Moreover, Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act requires broker-dealers in penny
stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks
before selling any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the
broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or
her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii)
reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny
stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient
knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks
of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written
statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the
determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such
statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the
investor's financial situation, investment experience and investment
objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult for
investors in ZiaSun common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to
otherwise dispose of them.

ZiaSun Business Would be Affected if ZiaSun is Deemed to be an Investment
Advisor

     On May 2, 2001, the California Department of Corporations advised ZiaSun
that it could not grant ZiaSun's application to qualify to offer and sell
certain shares of ZiaSun common stock in California, as the California
Department of Corporations believed that ZiaSun's wholly owned subsidiary OIA
was acting as an unlicensed investment adviser in California. In May 2001,
ZiaSun renewed its request that the application be approved, asserting that
based on existing case law and an opinion previously issued by the California
Department of Corporations, OIA does not engage in the activities of an
investment adviser. ZiaSun's business would be adversely affected if ZiaSun or
OIA is deemed to be an "investment adviser" by any state in which ZiaSun
currently conducts or may conduct business. ZiaSun's financial condition could
be materially adversely affected due to the cost associated with registering
as an investment adviser and maintaining that status. Further, if ZiaSun or
OIA were required to register as an investment adviser, OIA might be required
to cease holding workshops in one or more states until such registration was
completed. The loss of revenue from the canceled workshops could have a
material adverse effect on ZiaSun's financial condition.

Conflicts of Interest

     D. Scott Elder, Ross Jardine, David McCoy and Scott Harris, each an
officer and/or a director of ZiaSun and/or OIA, each owns a 20% interest in
Generation Marketing, LLC, which conducts business with OIA. Generation
Marketing is a newly formed media marketing company managed by an ex-employee
of the company previously used to handle OIA's marketing requirements. In the
second half of 2000, OIA began contracting with Generation Marketing for
international marketing services and paid Generation Marketing approximately
$40,000. In 2001, OIA transferred all its marketing business to Generation
Marketing and through April 30, 2001 has made payments approximating $750,000.
ZiaSun believes the rates charged by Generation Marketing to OIA for these
services are competitive in the marketplace. Although it is ZiaSun's policy to
enter into transactions with related parties only upon terms comparable to or
better than those that would be available from unaffiliated parties, this
ownership interest of officers and directors of ZiaSun and OIA in Generation
Marketing could give rise to conflicts of interest.

                                     -20-

RISKS RELATING TO TELESCAN'S BUSINESS

Liquidity and Cash Flow

     Based on Telescan's current outlook, Telescan believes that its cash
flows from operations and current working capital will be sufficient to fund
its operations and capital requirements through June 2002. If Telescan is
unable to achieve its projected 2001 results of operations, or if the fair
value of Telescan's marketable securities decreases significantly from the
fair value at March 31, 2001, additional financing may be required to fund
Telescan's operations. No assurance can be given that Telescan will be able to
obtain additional financing or sell additional assets, or as to the terms upon
which Telescan could do so. It is Telescan's intention to continue to control
its operating expenses while continuing to invest in its existing products.
Telescan will continue to liquidate its marketable securities portfolio during
2001 and is continuing its exploration of strategic alternatives including
exploring sources of additional financing.

     At March 31, 2001, Telescan had $1.6 million in cash, a net operating
loss of $2.0 million, and $60.4 million in accumulated losses in retained
earnings. Telescan had negative working capital of $1.8 million, however, this
figure includes $3.5 million of deferred revenue representing cash received in
earlier periods that has not yet been earned. Telescan has no obligation under
the contracts to refund this money to the parties in the event Telescan
defaults on the contract. Therefore, excluding this non-cash liability,
Telescan's working capital is $1.7 million at March 31, 2001.

Reliance on the Future of the Internet

     The demand for Telescan's informational Internet services is highly
influenced by the general economic conditions, individual investor interest
and popularity in the stock market. In general, the subscriber base tends to
increase with rising market conditions and decline in depressed periods. There
is no assurance Internet revenue will not decline with a change in market
activity and participation.

Declines in Telescan's Stock Price; Securities Class Action Litigation

     The market price of Telescan's stock has declined over the past year and
may continue to decline in the future. In addition, most publicly held
Internet companies have experienced market price and trading volume declines.
These broad market and industry factors may materially adversely affect the
market price of Telescan stock, regardless of Telescan's actual operating
performance. In the past, following periods of decline in the market price of
a company's securities, securities class action litigation often has been
instituted against such company. This type of litigation, if instituted, could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of Telescan's management's
attention and resources.

Computer and Network Operations

     Telescan's operations are dependent on its ability to protect its
computer equipment, telecommunications network, and the information stored in
its data center against damage caused by unexpected events, including fire,
power loss, telecommunications failures, and unauthorized intrusion from
outside third party "hackers" or from "computer viruses" introduced into the
system. Telescan has undertaken certain precautionary measures for its data
center, including system redundancy, separate air conditioning systems, full
"zero downtime" emergency generator onsite, authorization procedures and other
security measures. Software and related databases are backed up regularly and
stored off-site, and Telescan's host computer system is based upon commonly
available computers, storage devices, and telecommunications equipment.
Further, there is no incoming access to Telescan's systems which would allow
the introduction of a "computer virus" into the operating system or that would
allow a third party "hacker" to alter any of the system's data. There can be
no assurances that these measures are sufficient to eliminate the risk of
interruption in Telescan's operations resulting from unexpected events. Any
damage or failure that causes interruptions in Telescan's operations could
have a material adverse effect on Telescan's business. Telescan has reduced
the potential loss with business interruption insurance, which provides for
some compensation during the period business is interrupted. Telescan does not
currently have an alternative off-site computer system available for use in
the event of damage to its data center. While Telescan believes that the
property and business interruption insurance is consistent with computer
industry practices, the coverage may not be adequate to compensate Telescan
for all losses that may occur.

                                     -21-

Dependence on Protection of Proprietary Rights

     Telescan attempts to protect its trade secrets and other proprietary
information with product development partners, employees and consultants
through nondisclosure agreements, contract provisions and copyright, patent,
trademark and trade secret laws. With respect to technologies that Telescan
has licensed to third parties for use in specific applications or platforms,
Telescan has entered into technology licensing agreements, which are intended
to protect the proprietary rights of Telescan related to the source code of
Telescan's products as a trade secret and as an unpublished copyright work.
Although Telescan intends to protect and defend its proprietary rights
vigorously, there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful.

     Telescan believes that its products, trademarks and other proprietary
rights do not infringe on the proprietary rights of third parties, and
Telescan is not aware of any current infringement claims against Telescan.
There can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement
claims against Telescan in the future with respect to current or future
features, contents or services, or that any such assertion may not result in
litigation or require Telescan to enter into royalty arrangements.

Dependence Upon Outside Data Sources

     Telescan's business is dependent upon its ability to enter into contracts
with private information compilers to provide access to information, both real
time and historical, electronically for inclusion in Telescan's database.
Telescan also obtains information pursuant to non-exclusive licenses from
private information compilers, some of which are current or potential
competitors of Telescan. The private sector contracts typically provide for
royalties based on usage or minimums. Telescan has such licenses from certain
data suppliers to provide business information that such suppliers also market
in competition with Telescan. While Telescan is not aware of any material data
supplier contracts that are in jeopardy of being terminated or not renewed,
there can be no assurance that Telescan will be able to renew its current
contracts with data sources, maintain comparable price levels for information,
or negotiate additional contracts with data sources as necessary to maintain
existing products or introduce new products. There is no assurance comparable
alternative sources of information could be obtained should existing contracts
be terminated or not renewed. Termination of Telescan's relationship with one
or more information suppliers could have a material adverse effect on
Telescan's operation.

Material Contracts

     Telescan has a license agreement with National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
("NBC"), whereby NBC uses Telescan's proprietary Internet technology for use
on CNBC.com, a comprehensive Web site for personal finance. Under the
agreement, Telescan developed the financial content portion of the CNBC.com
Web site and currently provides hosting services for such content. Revenue
from these services accounted for 10% and 13% of total revenue in 2000 and
1999, respectively, and 9.8% and 15% of total revenue for the fiscal quarters
ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Telescan generates revenue under
the agreement from cost reimbursement, fixed monthly license fees and a
percentage of advertising revenue generated from the site.

     If the merger is consummated, NBC will be entitled to terminate this
agreement.

Dependence on Key Employees

     Telescan is dependent upon the services of its Chief Executive Officer,
Lee K. Barba. Telescan and Mr. Barba entered into an employment and
non-compete agreement. Telescan does not have employment contracts providing
for continued services or non-compete from other key employees; however, it is
now Telescan's policy to have employees sign a nondisclosure and invention
agreement. In the event a key employee of Telescan's management team becomes
unable or unwilling to continue to serve, Telescan's business could be
adversely affected. Telescan does not currently maintain key life insurance on
any of its employees.

Competition

     Telescan competes with companies that operate proprietary platforms
and/or Internet financial Web sites, many of which have significantly greater
financial, technical and marketing resources than Telescan. Despite recent

                                     -22-

market volatility, new competitors continue to enter the marketplace as a
result of perceived future opportunities. Telescan believes the principal
competitive factors in the Internet financial services market include system
performance, product differentiation, quality of content, user friendliness,
price, customer support, effective marketing techniques and the ability to
earn a profit. With a redirected focus towards profitability, Telescan
believes that it competes effectively in these areas. However, continued
competitive pressures could result in price reductions, increased spending on
product development and reduced market share, which could adversely affect
Telescan's financial condition and operating results. Telescan believes that
its revenue expansion strategy to: 1) add new products and technologies; 2)
penetrate new markets; and 3) merge with or acquire complementary businesses,
will serve to lessen the impact of future competitive pressures on Telescan.
There is no assurance this strategy will be successful.

Technological Advances

     There has been constant technological development in the Internet and
online industry. Telescan has developed its online software and hardware
systems in modular configurations that take advantage of standard components
available from a variety of hardware manufacturers, which allows Telescan to
quickly upgrade its system as new technology is developed. Telescan believes
that its online systems are structured to incorporate new changes or
innovations within its industry in order to maintain its competitiveness.

Delisting from Nasdaq; Telescan Common Stock May be Deemed a "Penny Stock"

     The market price of Telescan common stock is, and has been since March
27, 2001, less than $1.00. As a result, under the rules governing companies
whose stock is traded on the National Market System of Nasdaq, Telescan common
stock is subject to delisting. In May, 2001, Telescan received a notice from
the NASD informing Telescan that unless its stock price exceeds $1.00 for 10
consecutive trading days before August 9, 2001 that Telescan common stock
would be delisted. To avoid such delisting, Telescan would be required to
engage in a reverse split of its stock to achieve a higher per share market
price. It has been the general experience of companies that engage in reverse
splits that the total market capitalization of such companies has declined
after the reverse split.

     Telescan common stock may, at some future time, be deemed to be a "penny
stock" as that term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. Penny
stocks are stocks (i) with a price of less than five dollars per share; (ii)
that are not traded on a "recognized" national exchange; (iii) whose prices
are not quoted on the Nasdaq automated quotation system (Nasdaq-listed stocks
must still meet requirement (i) above); or (iv) of an issuer with net tangible
assets of less than $2,000,000 (if the issuer has been in continuous operation
for at least three years) or $5,000,000 (if in continuous operation for less
than three years), or with average annual revenues of less than $6,000,000 for
the last three years.

     A principal exclusion from the definition of a penny stock is an equity
security that has a price of ($5.00) or more, excluding any broker or dealer
commissions, markups or markdowns. As of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus Telescan common stock has a price less than $5.00.

     If Telescan common stock were deemed a penny stock, section 15(g) and
Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act would require broker-dealers dealing in
Telescan common stock to provide potential investors with a document
disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated
written receipt of the document before effecting any transaction in a penny
stock for the investor's account. Potential investors in Telescan common stock
are urged to obtain and read such disclosures carefully before purchasing any
shares that are deemed to be "penny stock."

     Moreover, Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act requires broker-dealers in penny
stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks
before selling any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the
broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or
her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (ii)
reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny
stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient
knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks
of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written
statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the
determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such
statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the

                                     -23-

investor's financial situation, investment experience and investment
objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult for
investors in Telescan common stock to resell their shares to third parties or
to otherwise dispose of them.

                        CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING
                          FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains some forward-looking
statements within the meaning of federal securities laws concerning the
operations, economic performance, and financial condition of ZiaSun, Telescan
and INVESTools. These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and
estimates which are inherently subject to uncertainties and contingencies,
many of which are beyond the control of ZiaSun, Telescan and INVESTools, and
reflect future business decisions which are subject to change. Some of these
assumptions may not materialize and unanticipated events may occur which would
affect the results of ZiaSun, Telescan and INVESTools. Important factors that
could cause the actual results of ZiaSun, Telescan and INVESTools to differ
from their expectations are discussed in more detail in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these
forward-looking statements you should keep in mind the risk factors and other
cautionary statements contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and ZiaSun, Telescan and INVESTools assume no obligation
to update them.

                                     -24-

                           THE ZIASUN ANNUAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place Of the Annual Meeting

     The ZiaSun annual meeting is scheduled to be held as follows:

                                  ______ __.m.
                                _______ __, 2001
                                   [Address]

Purpose of the Annual Meeting

     At the ZiaSun annual meeting ZiaSun's stockholders will be asked to:

     o    consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the merger
          agreement;

     o    elect five directors to serve for a term of one year or until their
          successors have been elected and qualified;

     o    ratify and approve BDO Siedman, LLP as ZiaSun's independent
          accountants for the year ended December 31, 2001; and

     o    transact any other business that properly comes before the ZiaSun
          annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the ZiaSun
          annual meeting.

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote

     The board of directors of ZiaSun has fixed the close of business on
_________ __, 2001 as the record date for determination of stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. On
the record date, there were ________ shares of ZiaSun common stock
outstanding, held by approximately _____ holders of record. Each holder of
ZiaSun common stock is entitled to one vote per share.

Votes Required; Voting Agreements

     Quorum. The holders of ZiaSun common stock shall be entitled to one vote
for each share held at the record date for all matters, including the election
of directors. The required quorum for the transaction of business at the
annual meeting is a majority of the votes eligible to be cast by holders of
shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the record date. Shares that
are voted "FOR," "AGAINST," "WITHHELD," or "ABSTAIN" are treated as being
present at the annual meeting for the purposes of establishing a quorum and
are also treated as shares entitled to vote at the annual meeting with respect
to such matters. Broker non-votes will be counted for the purpose of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum.

     The Merger. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of ZiaSun common stock outstanding as of the record date is required to
approve and adopt the merger agreement. Failures to vote and abstentions and
broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the merger
proposal.

     Election of Directors. Directors are to be elected at the annual meeting
by a plurality of the votes cast by holders of common stock present in person
or represented by proxy at the annual meeting. The nominees receiving the
highest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be
elected. Votes cast against a candidate or which are withheld shall have no
effect. Upon the demand of any stockholder made before the voting begins, the
election of directors shall be by ballot rather than by voice vote. The proxy
holders will have the discretionary authority to vote all proxies received by
them in such a manner as to ensure the election of as many of the board of
directors' nominees as possible.

                                     -25-

     Appointment of Independent Accountants. The affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of ZiaSun cast at a meeting at which a
quorum is present is required for the appointment of BDO Siedman, LLP as
ZiaSun's independent public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2001.

     Voting Agreements. Holders of approximately 42% of the outstanding shares
of ZiaSun common stock have already agreed to vote in favor of approving the
merger. Please see "Ancillary Agreements" below.

Share Ownership of Management

     As of the record date, ZiaSun directors and executive officers and their
affiliates owned and were entitled to vote __% of the outstanding shares of
ZiaSun common stock.

Dissenters' Rights

     Under Nevada law, holders of ZiaSun common stock are entitled to
dissenters' rights as a result of the merger under Sections 92A.300 to
92A.500, inclusive, of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If the merger agreement is
approved and adopted by the ZiaSun stockholders and the merger is consummated,
any ZiaSun stockholder who (i) delivered to ZiaSun, before the vote was taken,
written notice of his or her intent to demand payment for his or her shares if
the merger were to be consummated and (ii) did not vote his or her shares in
favor of the merger has the right to demand an appraisal of the value of and
payment for the stockholder's ZiaSun common stock. The demand must be made in
writing to INVESTools by the date set forth on the written notice to be sent
by ZiaSun to the stockholder informing him or her that the merger has been
approved and adopted by the ZiaSun stockholders. Please see "The
Merger--Dissenters' Rights" below.

How You Can Vote

     Attending Meeting or Submitting Proxies. You may vote either by:

     o    attending the annual stockholders' meeting and voting your shares in
          person at the meeting, or

     o    completing the enclosed proxy card, signing and dating it and
          mailing it in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope.

     If you sign a written proxy card and return it without instructions, the
persons authorized in the proxy will vote your shares for each of the
proposals presented at the annual stockholders' meeting.

     If your shares are held in "street name," which means the shares are held
in the name of a broker, bank or other record holder, you must either direct
the record holder of your shares as to how to vote your shares or obtain a
proxy from the record holder to vote at the annual stockholders' meeting.

     Stockholders who submit proxy cards should not send in any stock
certificates with their proxy cards. INVESTools will mail a transmittal form
with instructions for the surrender of certificates representing shares of
ZiaSun stock to former ZiaSun stockholders shortly after the merger.

     Revoking Proxies. If you are a stockholder of record, you may revoke your
proxy at any time prior to the time it is voted at the annual stockholders'
meeting. You may revoke your proxy:

     o    by sending written notice, including by telegram or telecopy, to the
          Secretary of ZiaSun;

     o    by signing and returning a later-dated proxy by mail to the
          Secretary of ZiaSun; or

     o    by attending the annual stockholders' meeting and voting in person.

     Attendance at ZiaSun's annual stockholders' meeting will not in and of
itself constitute a revocation of a proxy.

                                     -26-

     You must send any written notice of a revocation of a proxy so as to be
delivered before the taking of the vote at the annual stockholders' meeting
to:

            ZiaSun Technologies, Inc.
            655 San Rodolfo, Suite 120
            Solana Beach, CA 90275
            Telecopy: (858) 350-4066
            Attention: Secretary

     To assure that your shares are represented at the meeting, please
complete, date and sign the enclosed proxy and mail it promptly in the
postage-paid envelope provided. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting,
you may revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted.

     General Proxy Information. Brokers who hold shares in street names for
customers who are the beneficial owners of those shares are prohibited from
giving a proxy to vote on the merger unless they receive specific instructions
from the customer. These so-called broker non-votes will have the same effect
as a vote against the merger.

     You may specify an abstention on the merger. If you submit a proxy with
an abstention, you will be treated as present at the annual stockholders'
meeting for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for
the transaction of all business. An abstention will have the same effect as a
vote against the merger.

     Solicitation of Proxies; Expenses. ZiaSun will bear the cost of
solicitation of proxies. In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors,
officers and employees of ZiaSun may also solicit proxies from stockholders by
telephone, telecopy, telegram, or in person. Arrangements will also be made
with brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees, and fiduciaries to send
the proxy materials to beneficial owners, and ZiaSun will, upon request,
reimburse those brokerage houses and custodians for their reasonable expenses.

Board Recommendation

     The board of directors of ZiaSun has unanimously determined that the
terms of the merger and the proposed merger agreement, are in the best
interests of ZiaSun and the ZiaSun stockholders. Accordingly, the ZiaSun board
of directors recommends that the ZiaSun stockholders vote FOR the adoption of
the merger agreement, FOR the election of the five persons nominated as ZiaSun
directors, and FOR the appointment of BDO Siedman, LLP to serve as ZiaSun's
independent public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2001.

                                     -27-

                               ZIASUN PROPOSAL 1

Approval of Merger and Merger Agreement

     The merger will be consummated on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the merger agreement. As a result of the merger, ZiaSun
stockholders will receive one share of INVESTools common stock for each share
of ZiaSun common stock they own. The former ZiaSun stockholders will own
approximately 75% of INVESTools.

     You are encouraged to read the sections of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled "Merger" on page 31 and "Agreement and Plan of
Merger" on page 46.

     The board of directors of ZiaSun recommends that the stockholders vote to
approve the merger, and unanimously recommend that the ZiaSun stockholders
vote for the merger proposal.

                               ZIASUN PROPOSAL 2

Nomination and Election of Ziasun Directors

     The board of directors of ZiaSun currently consists of five directors,
and five directors are to be elected at the annual meeting to serve for a term
of one year or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Each
director elected at the annual meeting will hold office until the election and
qualification of the director's successor or until the director's earlier
death, removal or resignation.

     The board of directors has nominated for election as directors of ZiaSun
D. Scott Elder, Allen D. Hardman, Ross W. Jardine, Hans von Meiss and
Christopher D. Outram. All nominees are currently directors of ZiaSun.

     All nominees have consented to be named and to serve if elected. Unless
otherwise instructed by a stockholder returning a proxy card, the persons
named in the proxies will vote the shares represented by the proxies for the
election of the nominees recommended by the board of directors. The board of
directors believes all nominees will be able to serve as director; if this
should not be the case, however, the proxies may be voted for one or more
substitute nominees to be designated by the board of directors or the board
may decide to reduce the number of directors. The board of directors
unanimously recommends a vote for each of the nominees.

     You are encouraged to read the sections of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled "ZiaSun Business" on page 57 and "ZiaSun
Management" on page 72.

                               ZIASUN PROPOSAL 3

Ratification and Approval of the Ziasun's Independent Public Accounts

     The board of directors has selected BDO Siedman, LLP to audit the
financial statements of ZiaSun for the year ended December 31, 2001.

     The board of directors recommends that the stockholders vote for the
proposal to ratify and approve the selection of BDO Siedman, LLP to serve as
ZiaSun's independent public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2001.

                                     -28-

                         THE TELESCAN SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

     The Telescan special meeting is scheduled to be held as follows:

                                 ______ __.m.
                               _______ __, 2001
                                   [Address]

Purpose of the Special Meeting

     At the Telescan special meeting, Telescan's stockholders will be asked
to:

       o  consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the merger
          agreement; and

       o  transact any other business that properly comes before the Telescan
          special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Telescan
          special meeting.

Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote

     The board of directors of Telescan has fixed the close of business on
_______ __, 2001 as the record date for determination of stockholders entitled
to notice of and to vote at the special meeting of stockholders. On the record
date, there were __________ shares of Telescan common stock outstanding, held
by approximately ____ holders of record, and __________ shares of Telescan
preferred stock outstanding, held by ___ holders of record. Each holder of
Telescan common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Holders of Telescan
preferred stock are not entitled to vote on the merger proposal.

Votes Required; Voting Agreements

     The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
Telescan common stock outstanding as of the record date is required to approve
and adopt the merger agreement. Failures to vote and abstentions and broker
non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the merger proposal.

     Holders of approximately 36% of the outstanding shares of Telescan common
stock have already agreed to vote in favor of approving the merger. Please see
"Ancillary Agreements--Voting Agreements" below.

Share Ownership of Management

     As of the record date, Telescan directors and executive officers and
their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote ___% of the outstanding
shares of Telescan common stock.

Appraisal Rights

     Under Delaware law, Telescan stockholders are not entitled to appraisal
rights in connection with the merger.

Board Recommendation

     The Telescan board of directors has unanimously determined that the
merger is fair to and in the best interest of Telescan and its stockholders
and approved the merger agreement. The Telescan board of directors unanimously
recommends that Telescan stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the merger
agreement.

                                     -29-

How You Can Vote

     Attending Meeting or Submitting Proxies. You may vote either by:

     o    attending the special stockholders' meeting and voting your shares
          in person at the meeting, or

     o    completing the enclosed proxy card, signing and dating it and
          mailing it in the enclosed postage-prepaid envelope.

     If you sign a written proxy card and return it without instructions, the
persons authorized in the proxy will vote your shares for each of the
proposals presented at the special stockholders' meeting.

     If your shares are held in "street name," which means the shares are held
in the name of a broker, bank or other record holder, you must either direct
the record holder of your shares as to how to vote your shares or obtain a
proxy from the record holder to vote at the special stockholders' meeting.

     Stockholders who submit proxy cards should not send in any stock
certificates with their proxy cards. INVESTools will mail a transmittal form
with instructions for the surrender of certificates representing shares of
Telescan stock to former Telescan stockholders shortly after the merger.

     Revoking Proxies. If you are a stockholder of record, you may revoke your
proxy at any time prior to the time it is voted at the special stockholders'
meeting. You may revoke your proxy:

     o    by sending written notice, including by telegram or telecopy, to the
          Secretary of Telescan;

     o    by signing and returning a later-dated proxy by mail to the
          Secretary of Telescan; or

     o    by attending the special stockholders' meeting and voting in person.

     Attendance at Telescan's special stockholders' meeting will not in and of
itself constitute a revocation of a proxy.

     You must send any written notice of a revocation of a proxy so as to be
delivered before the taking of the vote at the special stockholders' meeting
to:

        Telescan, Inc.
        5959 Corporate Drive, Suite 2000
        Houston, TX 77036
        Telecopy: (281) 588-9843
        Attention: Secretary

     General Proxy Information. Brokers who hold shares in street names for
customers who are the beneficial owners of those shares are prohibited from
giving a proxy to vote on the merger unless they receive specific instructions
from the customer. These so-called broker non-votes will have the same effect
as a vote against the merger.

     You may specify an abstention on the merger. If you submit a proxy with
an abstention, you will be treated as present at the special stockholders'
meeting for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for
the transaction of all business. An abstention will have the same effect as a
vote against the merger.

     Solicitation of Proxies; Expenses. Telescan will bear the cost of
solicitation of proxies from its stockholders. In addition to solicitation by
mail, the directors, officers and employees of Telescan may also solicit
proxies from stockholders by telephone, telecopy, telegram, or in person.
Arrangements will also be made with brokerage houses and other custodians,
nominees, and fiduciaries to send the proxy materials to beneficial owners,
and Telescan will, upon request, reimburse those brokerage houses and
custodians for their reasonable expenses.

                                     -30-

                                  THE MERGER

What You Will Receive in the Merger

     The boards of directors of ZiaSun and Telescan are using this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to solicit proxies from stockholders for the approval of
the merger at the annual stockholders' meeting of ZiaSun and a special meeting
of the stockholders of Telescan.

     At the effective time of the merger, newly formed wholly owned
subsidiaries of INVESTools will merge with and into ZiaSun and Telescan, with
ZiaSun and Telescan as the surviving entities. As a result, ZiaSun and
Telescan will each become wholly owned subsidiaries of INVESTools.

     In the merger, each outstanding share of ZiaSun common stock will be
converted into one share of INVESTools common stock, each outstanding share of
Telescan common stock will be converted into 0.56486 shares of INVESTools
common stock and each outstanding share of Telescan preferred stock will be
converted into one share of INVESTools preferred stock. No fractional
INVESTools shares will be issued and cash (without interest) will be paid
instead of fractional shares.

Background of the Merger

     Beginning in the fourth quarter of 1998, Telescan began providing a
subscription platform to WallStreetCity.com on a discounted basis for Online
Investors Advantage, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of ZiaSun, to give to
each of its seminar attendees. In December of 1999, OIA and Telescan
formalized the relationship and agreed upon new financial terms for a stated
royalty; Telescan also agreed to provide OIA with an OIA-labeled, co-branded
Web site. OIA and Telescan continue to do business pursuant to the terms of
the December 1999 contract.

     On April 19, 2000, a meeting was held at the Hilton Hotel in Salt Lake
City among Messrs. D. Scott Elder, Chairman of the board of directors of
ZiaSun and Chief Executive Officer of ZiaSun, Ross W. Jardine, Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Director of ZiaSun, Allen Hardman, President,
Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director of ZiaSun, Christopher D.
Outram, Director of ZiaSun, Hans von Meiss, Director of ZiaSun, Bryant Cragun,
founder of ZiaSun, George Chachas, counsel to ZiaSun, and Greg Gensemer, Vice
President of Business Development of Telescan to discuss strategic alliance
possibilities with Telescan.

     On August 16, 2000, Telescan entered into a merger agreement with
GlobalNet Financial.com, Inc.

     On September 26, 2000, Telescan and GlobalNet Financial.com, Inc.
announced that their proposed merger was terminated. The following day, Mr.
Elder contacted Lee K. Barba, Chief Executive Officer of Telescan, and
discussed a possible transaction in which Telescan would acquire OIA from
ZiaSun. Over the next couple of months, Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine, had
a number of telephone calls to discuss various aspects of the transaction.
During this period, ZiaSun proposed that any business combination should
result in the ZiaSun shareholders receiving or retaining 75% of the combined
entity, with the Telescan shareholders receiving or retaining the remaining
25%.

     On October 4, 2000, ZiaSun had a board meeting where it directed
management to proceed with efforts to develop a definitive deal with Telescan.
On October 10 and 13, 2000, the ZiaSun board met and discussed a potential
spin-off of OIA as part of a merger or another transaction with Telescan. The
board directed management to continue pursuit of a possible strategic
transaction with Telescan.

     On October 20, 2000, the ZiaSun board considered retaining services of a
merger and acquisition specialist and a tax consultant. On November 2, 2000,
the ZiaSun board determined that Jones Waldo Holbrook & McDonough, P.C. would
provide merger and acquisition services and legal counsel as the negotiations
and deal with Telescan proceeded.

     On November 15, 2000, Messrs. Barba and Elder met in San Francisco to
discuss the transaction and to tour Telescan's office in San Francisco.

     On November 16, 2000, at a telephonic meeting of the board of directors
of Telescan, Mr. Barba described the proposed transaction to the Telescan
board.

                                     -31-

     On December 4, 2000, Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine met in New York
with certain members of the board of directors of Telescan to discuss the
transaction and to give such board members the opportunity to meet Messrs.
Elder and Jardine. After that meeting on December 4, 2000, Messrs. Barba,
Elder and Jardine met with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Telescan, to
discuss the proposed transaction and structuring alternatives. It was
concluded at that meeting that Telescan's acquisition of OIA from ZiaSun would
not be possible without resulting in adverse tax consequences to ZiaSun.
Consequently, the participants at that meeting determined that the most
favorable structure would be for a new corporation to be formed that would
acquire both Telescan and ZiaSun. Also at the December 4, 2000 meeting Messrs.
Elder and Jardine reiterated their requirement that the shareholders of ZiaSun
and Telescan would own 75% and 25%, respectively, of the combined entity. The
parties agreed that they should begin the due diligence process and that
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett should begin preparing the merger agreement and
other necessary documentation for the transaction.

     Later in the day after the December 4 meetings, Mr. Barba telephoned Mr.
Cragun to discuss the transaction. In particular, they discussed the proposed
75%/25% exchange ratio. Mr. Cragun stated that ZiaSun would consider making
the ratio more favorable to Telescan if Telescan was able to enter into a
co-branded partnership with a major customer, sell its remaining equity
investments in public companies or achieve profitability in its
business-to-business operations.

     On December 6-7, 2000, Paul Helbling, the Chief Financial Officer of
Telescan, Roger Wadsworth, the Chief Administrative Officer of Telescan, and
Pam Thompson, Controller of Telescan, traveled to San Diego to meet with Mr.
Hardman, Gordon Jones, an independent contractor who provides services to
ZiaSun as its controller, and Mr. Chachas to discuss the background of ZiaSun
and its operations.

     On December 18-19, 2000, Messrs. Hardman and Jones traveled to Houston to
initiate ZiaSun's due diligence review of Telescan.

     On January 4, 2001, a meeting was held among Messrs. Barba, Elder and
Jardine in Salt Lake City regarding options to sell Telescan's
business-to-business operations. Discussions were also held regarding a
possible joint venture relationship and moving ahead on the merger.

     On January 8, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place where the board
discussed issues relating to the merger. It was determined that significant
shareholders of both companies should be restricted from selling INVESTools
common stock for some period of time after the merger. It was also proposed
that William D. Savoy, Chairman of the board of directors of Telescan, and
Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine should be appointed as board members to the
INVESTools board of directors.

     On January 15-17, 2001, Messrs. Helbling and Wadsworth, Ms. Thompson and
representatives of Arthur Andersen LLP traveled to Provo to review the
financial records and other information relating to ZiaSun.

     On February 1-2, 2001, Jones Waldo Holbrook & McDonough, P.C. performed a
due diligence review of Telescan in Houston.

     During the months of January and February 2001, as a result of due
diligence by management and outside counsel, Telescan requested that ZiaSun
(i) begin the process to rescind the offering of ZiaSun common stock to the
shareholders of Seminar Marketing Group, Inc., (ii) renegotiate its
obligations to The McKenna Group and its related funds, MKZ Fund, LLC ("MKZ")
and MVA and (iii) more vigorously pursue the divestment of ZiaSun's Asian
assets. During that period ZiaSun's board of directors reviewed Telescan's
business-to-business operations and expressed concern about costs and
cash-flow needs relating to those operations. Representatives of ZiaSun and
Telescan addressed various solutions on both a pre-merger and post-merger
basis.

     On February 26, 2001, the board of directors of Telescan met and
discussed the proposed transaction with ZiaSun. At this meeting, Telescan
management made a presentation to the Telescan board regarding the economics
and the terms of the proposed transaction with ZiaSun. The Telescan board
stated that they were favorably disposed to the transaction and instructed Mr.
Barba to continue his efforts in that regard.

                                     -32-

     On March 19, 2001, the board of directors of Telescan held a telephonic
meeting to discuss the transaction with ZiaSun. The board was informed that
the parties had determined that neither party would be prepared to enter into
an agreement until both parties had filed their annual reports on Form 10-K
and had an opportunity to review the financial records underlying the
preparation of the annual reports on Form 10-K.

     On March 20, 2001, Mr. Jones met with Mr. Helbling in Houston, Texas to
conduct due diligence.

     On March 22, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place where the INVESTools
employment agreements for Messrs. Elder and Jardine were discussed. The board
also considered the proxy solicitation and the make-up of the INVESTools board
of directors.

     On March 30, 2001, ZiaSun filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
(the "SEC") for an extension on the time for filing its annual report on Form
10-K.

     On April 2, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting was held to discuss open audit
items for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2000.

     On April 6, 2001, Mr. Jones went to the Houston offices of Arthur
Andersen LLP, to review Telescan's audit work papers.

     On April 10, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place and discussions were
held regarding the disposition of the 2000 audit and projected Form 10-K
filing date. ZiaSun filed its Form 10-K on April 17, 2001.

     On April 11, 2001, the board of directors of Telescan held a board
meeting at which Mr. Barba updated them on the status of negotiations with
ZiaSun.

     On April 17-18, 2001, Ms. Thompson and a representative of Arthur
Andersen LLP traveled to Los Angeles to review the 2000 audit papers at the
offices of BDO Siedman, LLP, ZiaSun auditors for 2000.

     During the latter part of April, ZiaSun and the former shareholders of
OIA (including Messrs. Elder and Jardine) held discussions as to whether, and
in what amount, the earn-out relating to the acquisition of OIA should be
adjusted in light of an accrual for potential sales taxes applicable to OIA
recently included in ZiaSun's financial statements. See "ZiaSun Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Overview." In addition to the adjustment to the OIA earn-out,
during this period Messrs. Barba, Elder, Jardine, Hans von Meiss, the chairman
of the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of ZiaSun, and Stephen
Wood, the chairman of the Compensation Committee of Telescan, held a number of
discussions regarding the compensation arrangements for Messrs. Barba, Elder
and Jardine after consummation of the merger. To assist in these discussions
Arthur Andersen LLP was engaged to provide an independent review of
compensation provided by similarly-sized companies.

     On April 26, 2001, the Telescan board held a telephonic meeting at which
the status of the negotiations between the parties and the terms of the merger
were discussed. At this meeting the Telescan board discussed the terms of the
merger agreement.

     On April 30, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place and discussions were
held on the current status of the OIA earn-out, due diligence on Telescan, the
merger exchange ratio and the lock-up agreements for certain Telescan
shareholders.

     From April 30 to May 2, 2001, Mr. Barba met with Messrs. Elder and
Jardine in Provo, to finalize the terms of the transaction, the OIA earn-out
and the compensation arrangements to be entered into with Messrs. Elder and
Jardine after the merger.

     On May 2, 2001, at a telephonic meeting the board of directors of
Telescan determined that the merger was in the best interests of Telescan and
its shareholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and
unanimously recommended that the stockholders of Telescan vote for the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement. On May 3, 2001, the board of
directors of ZiaSun determined that the merger was in the best interests of
ZiaSun and its shareholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
merger and unanimously recommended that the stockholders of ZiaSun vote for
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement.

                                     -33-

     The parties signed the merger agreement on May 3, 2001, after which a
press release was issued announcing the transaction.

ZiaSun's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of ZiaSun's Board of Directors

     The ZiaSun board of directors has determined that the merger, the merger
agreement and each of the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement
are fair to and in the best interests of ZiaSun and its stockholders.

     In reaching its conclusion to approve the merger agreement, the ZiaSun
board of directors, with the assistance of outside financial and legal
advisors considered a number of factors including, among others, the following
principal factors:

     o    Telescan's network of e-finance and financial data content providers
          could be employed to leverage horizontal and vertical expansion
          opportunities for the combined companies;

     o    the current and historical business, operations, properties, assets,
          financial condition and operating results of ZiaSun and its review
          of the prospects of Telescan, including the prospects of Telescan
          after giving effect to the merger;

     o    the projected operations, financial condition, operating results,
          prospects and strategic objectives of ZiaSun, as well as the risks
          involved in achieving those prospects and objectives in the
          e-finance and investor education industry under current, as well as
          expected future, economic and market and industry conditions;

     o    the various strategic alternatives available to ZiaSun, including
          continuing its business operations without any extraordinary
          transaction;

     o    the greater managerial and financial capabilities of the combined
          companies;

     o    Telescan's network of financial industry and e-finance relationships
          that could be expected to create enhanced access to capital on more
          favorable terms than were previously available to ZiaSun;

     o    Telescan's network of financial industry and e-finance relationships
          that could provide enhanced access to new technologies and consumers
          that are compatible with ZiaSun's existing distribution channels and
          therefore could be employed to leverage horizontal and vertical
          expansion opportunities for the combined companies;

     o    access to Telescan's proprietary intellectual property;

     o    the increased size and market capitalization of the combined
          companies and their expected favorable impact on stockholder
          liquidity; and

     o    Telescan's frequent contact with e-finance and financial data
          content companies could generate investment and acquisition
          possibilities for the combined companies.

     The ZiaSun board reviewed the principal terms and conditions of the
merger agreement, including the representations, warranties and covenants and
the conditions to each party's obligation to complete the merger. The ZiaSun
board also with its financial and legal advisors considered the events
surrounding Messrs. Elder and Jardine, particularly in light of the fact that
Messrs. Elder and Jardine may have interests in the merger that are different
from or are in addition to the interest of the other ZiaSun stockholders; the
amount of the termination fee and the events triggering the payment of such
fee; and the limitation on the ability of ZiaSun to negotiate with other
companies regarding an alternative transaction, and the potential effects that
this limitation would have on ZiaSun's receipt of alternative proposals that
could be superior to the merger with Telescan. The ZiaSun board considered
favorably that the terms of the merger agreement are reasonable and protective
of ZiaSun's interests.

                                     -34-

     The ZiaSun board reviewed pro forma financial data for ZiaSun and
Telescan after giving effect to the merger. The ZiaSun board considered
favorably the expectation that ZiaSun might be able to leverage its investor
educational model by offering such model to Telescan's significant network of
financial industry and e-finance partners.

     The ZiaSun board received reports from its management as to the results
of the due diligence investigation of Telescan and determined that these
reports did not contain matters that would preclude its approval of the
merger.

     The ZiaSun board also considered the following risks and additional
factors relating to the merger:

     o    the risk that the benefits sought in the merger would not be fully
          achieved;

     o    the risk that the merger would not be consummated;

     o    Telescan's post-merger cash flow needs may require additional cash
          infusions from ZiaSun to continue Telescan's current level of
          operations as Telescan has not been profitable for the past five
          years;

     o    possible post-merger resignations of Telescan's senior management;

     o    e-finance and investor educational models created or developed by
          ZiaSun may not be compatible with Telescan's established
          distribution channels or the abilities and skills of Telescan's
          sales personnel;

     o    the need for substantial additional financing to achieve ZiaSun's
          goal of both vertical and horizontal expansion opportunities through
          leverage of Telescan's network of financial and e-finance industry
          relationships; and

     o    the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
          statement/prospectus under "Risk Factors."

     The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
ZiaSun board is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed to include all
material factors considered by the ZiaSun board. In view of the wide variety
of information and factors considered, the ZiaSun board did not find it
practical to, and did not, assign any relative or specific weights to the
foregoing factors, and individual directors may have given differing weights
to different factors. The ZiaSun board did not attempt to analyze the fairness
of the exchange ratio and the cash considerations in isolation from the
considerations as to the businesses of ZiaSun and Telescan, the strategic
merits of the merger or the other considerations referred to above. The ZiaSun
board of directors recommends that the ZiaSun stockholders vote FOR adoption
of the merger agreement.

Telescan's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of Telescan's Board of
Directors

     The Telescan board of directors has determined that the merger, the
merger agreement and each of the transactions contemplated in the merger
agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Telescan and its
stockholders.

     At a meeting held on May 2, 2001, the Telescan board of directors, with
the assistance of outside financial and legal advisors, considered the
financial, legal and other terms of the merger. The decision of the Telescan
board of directors to adopt the merger agreement and to approve the merger and
each of the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement, and its
conclusion that the merger, the merger agreement and each of the transactions
contemplated in the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interest of
Telescan and its stockholders, was based on several potential benefits of the
merger and involved the consideration of a number of factors, including the
following:

     o    the opportunity to create a leading multimedia provider of
          investment education and advice upon consummation of the merger;

                                     -35-

     o    the potential for cross-selling opportunities, such as selling
          ZiaSun workshops and videos to the existing Telescan subscriber base
          and selling Telescan newsletters to the ZiaSun customer list;

     o    the opportunity to hold private-label seminars in conjunction with
          Telescan's well-known major customers;

     o    the opportunity to allow Telescan to become part of a larger
          organization with greater cash resources;

     o    the opportunity for Telescan's stockholders to participate in the
          potential growth of the surviving corporation after the merger;

     o    the absence of another transaction that would have resulted in as
          favorable a transaction to Telescan's stockholders as the merger;

     o    historical information concerning ZiaSun's and Telescan's respective
          businesses, financial performance and condition, operations,
          technology and management;

     o    the view of Telescan's management of the financial condition, the
          competitive position and prospects, the results of operations and
          the businesses of ZiaSun and Telescan before and after giving effect
          to the merger, and the determination of Telescan's board of
          directors of the merger's effect on stockholder value;

     o    the belief that the terms of the merger agreement were reasonable;

     o    the impact of the merger on Telescan's customers and employees;

     o    the results of due diligence investigations of ZiaSun conducted by
          Telescan and its outside financial and legal advisors; and

     o    the structure of the merger, which permits Telescan stockholders to
          exchange their Telescan stock for INVESTools common stock on a
          tax-free basis.

     The decision of Telescan's board of directors was the result of its
careful consideration of a range of strategic alternatives in the pursuit of a
long-term business strategy for Telescan. The board's primary consideration
was to identify and secure the alternative that would provide the best
strategic fit for Telescan and to provide long-term value to Telescan's
stockholders. The Telescan board also reviewed with its financial and legal
advisors:

     o    the terms and conditions of the merger agreement;

     o    the terms and conditions of the employment agreement of Lee K.
          Barba, Telescan's Chief Executive Officer, particularly in light of
          the fact that, as a result of this agreement, Mr. Barba may have
          interests in the merger that are different from or are in addition
          to the interests of the other Telescan stockholders;

     o    the amount of the termination fee and the events triggering the
          payment of such fee; and

     o    the limitation on the ability of Telescan to negotiate with other
          companies regarding an alternative transaction, and the potential
          effects that this limitation would have on Telescan's receipt of
          alternative proposals that could be superior to the merger with
          ZiaSun.

     The Telescan board also considered a number of potentially negative
factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including:

     o    the relationship between the relative market values of ZiaSun and
          Telescan at the time of the approval of the merger by the board of
          directors and the 75%/25% exchange ratio contained in the

                                     -36-

          merger agreement, which implied a value for Telescan common stock of
          less than its then current market value;

     o    the risk that, because the share exchange ratio would not be
          adjusted for changes in the market price of the common stock of
          either ZiaSun or Telescan, the per share value of the consideration
          to be received by Telescan stockholders might be significantly less
          than the price per share implied by the exchange ratio immediately
          prior to the announcement of the merger to the public;

     o    that the merger might not be consummated;

     o    that the benefits sought to be achieved by the merger would not be
          realized; and

     o    the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
          statement/prospectus under "Risk Factors."

     The Telescan board of directors, however, concluded that, on balance, the
merger's potential benefits to Telescan and its stockholders outweighed the
associated risks. The above discussion of the information and facts considered
by Telescan's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive. The
Telescan board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific facts considered
in reaching its decision.

     Following careful and thorough consideration, the Telescan board of
directors determined that the merger agreement and the merger are fair to and
in the best interests of Telescan and its stockholders. The Telescan board of
directors recommends that the Telescan stockholders vote FOR adoption of the
merger agreement.

No Fairness Opinions Solicited

     After careful consideration, the board of directors of ZiaSun and the
board of directors of Telescan each determined not to secure an opinion of an
independent investment banker or other financial advisor to the effect that
the merger would be fair, from a financial point of view, to their respective
shareholders.

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

     In considering the recommendation of the boards of directors of ZiaSun
and Telescan to vote for the proposal to approve the merger agreement,
stockholders of ZiaSun and Telescan should be aware that members of each of
the ZiaSun and Telescan board of directors and members of each of ZiaSun's and
Telescan's executive management have agreements or arrangements that provide
them with interests in the merger that may differ from those of their
respective stockholders. Each board of directors was aware of these agreements
and arrangements during its deliberations of the merits of the merger and in
determining to recommend to their respective stockholders that they vote to
approve the merger agreement.

     Management Positions. As described below under "--Board of Directors and
Management after the Merger," under the merger agreement, certain members of
both the ZiaSun and the Telescan boards of directors and executive management
will have positions on the INVESTools board of directors and executive
management. With respect to ZiaSun, D. Scott Elder, the current Chairman of
the board of directors and the Chief Executive Officer of ZiaSun, and Ross W.
Jardine, a current member of the board of directors and the Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of ZiaSun, will each become a member of the board of
directors and an Executive Vice President of INVESTools. Hans von Meiss, a
current member of the board of directors of ZiaSun, also will become a member
of the board of directors of INVESTools. With respect to Telescan, Lee K.
Barba, a current member of the board of directors and the Chief Executive
Officer of Telescan, will become a member of the board of directors and the
Chief Executive Officer of INVESTools. In addition, William D. Savoy, the
current Chairman of the Telescan board of directors, will become the Chairman
of the board of directors of INVESTools, and Stephen C. Wood, a current member
of the Telescan board of directors, will become a member of the INVESTools
board of directors.

     Employment Agreements. On _____ __, 2001, Messrs. Jardine, Elder and
Barba each entered into employment agreements, which become effective on the
closing of the merger.

                                     -37-

     o    Employment Contract between Ross Jardine and INVESTools. Mr.
          Jardine's employment agreement provides for a base salary of
          $425,000 and an annual bonus. Upon approval of the board of
          directors, Mr. Jardine will be granted options to purchase, at fair
          market value determined as of the grant date, an aggregate of
          550,000 shares of INVESTools common stock (which vest in four equal
          annual installments beginning one year after the merger). As
          determined by the board of directors, Mr. Jardine will be eligible
          to receive stock option grants and/or restricted stock awards.
          Additionally, under his employment agreement, Mr. Jardine is
          entitled to a merger transition award of $600,000 (payable in three
          equal annual installments beginning one year after the merger) and
          $600,000 worth of shares of restricted stock of INVESTools (which
          vests in three equal annual installments beginning one year after
          the merger). All unpaid amounts or unvested shares will vest upon a
          change of control of INVESTools. If within 24 months after a change
          of control of INVESTools Mr. Jardine is terminated, he shall receive
          a lump sum payment of two times the sum of his annual salary and the
          greater of the target and actual bonus.

     o    Employment Contract between D. Scott Elder and INVESTools. Mr.
          Elder's employment agreement provides for a base salary of $425,000
          and an annual bonus. Upon approval of the board of directors, Mr.
          Elder will be granted options to purchase, at fair market value
          determined as of the grant date, an aggregate of 550,000 shares of
          INVESTools common stock (which vest in four equal annual
          installments beginning one year after the merger). As determined by
          the board of directors, Mr. Elder will be eligible to receive stock
          option grants and/or restricted stock awards. Additionally, under
          his employment agreement, Mr. Elder is entitled to a merger
          transition award of $600,000 (payable in three equal annual
          installments beginning one year after the merger) and $600,000 worth
          of shares of restricted stock of INVESTools (which vests in three
          equal annual installments beginning one year after the merger). All
          unpaid amounts or unvested shares will vest upon a change of control
          of INVESTools. If within 24 months after a change of control of
          INVESTools Mr. Elder is terminated, he shall receive a lump sum
          payment of two times the sum of his annual salary and the greater of
          the target and actual bonus.

     o    Employment Contract between Lee K. Barba and INVESTools. Mr. Barba's
          employment agreement provides for a base salary of $425,000 and an
          annual bonus. As determined by the board of directors, Mr. Barba
          will be eligible to receive stock option grants and/or restricted
          stock awards. If, within 24 months after a change of control of
          INVESTools, Mr. Barba is terminated, he will receive a lump sum
          payment of two times the sum of his annual salary and the greater of
          the target and actual bonus.

     Indemnification and Insurance. The merger agreement provides that, upon
completion of the merger, INVESTools will indemnify and hold harmless, and
provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present officers, directors
and employees of ZiaSun and Telescan and their respective subsidiaries:

     o    to the same extent those persons were indemnified or entitled to
          advancement of expenses under ZiaSun's or Telescan's certificate of
          incorporation, by-laws and indemnification agreements; and

     o    to the fullest extent permitted by law.

     The merger agreement also provides that INVESTools will maintain, for a
period of six years after completion of the merger, the current policies of
directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by each of ZiaSun and
Telescan, with respect to claims arising from facts or events relating to
directors and officers of ZiaSun and Telescan, respectively, that occurred on
or before the completion of the merger. Nonetheless, INVESTools will not be
required to make annual premium payments in excess of 200% of the annual
premiums currently paid by ZiaSun or Telescan for directors' and officers'
liability insurance.

Board of Directors and Management after the Merger

     Board of Directors. Under the merger agreement, upon completion of the
merger the board of directors of INVESTools will be comprised of seven
individuals: D. Scott Elder, Ross W. Jardine, Hans von Meiss, William D.
Savoy, Lee K. Barba, Stephen C. Wood and one other person to be named by
ZiaSun. Mr. Savoy will be the

                                     -38-

chairman. In the event dividends are not paid for two consecutive quarters on
INVESTools' outstanding preferred stock and, as a result, the holders of such
preferred stock have the right to elect a director to the board of directors
of INVESTools, the directors of INVESTools who were selected by ZiaSun
pursuant to the merger agreement will have the right to select one additional
director of INVESTools.

     Biographical information with respect to Messrs. Elder, Jardine and von
Meiss is described below under "ZiaSun Management--Directors and Executive
Officers." Biographical information with respect to Messrs. Savoy, Barba and
Wood is described below under "Telescan Management--Directors and Executive
Officers."

     Management. Mr. Barba will be Chief Executive Officer of INVESTools and
Mr. Elder and Mr. Jardine will each be an Executive Vice President of
INVESTools.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

     The following summary discusses the U.S. material federal income tax
consequences of the transaction to U.S. Holders (as defined below) of ZiaSun
stock and Telescan stock.

     For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder means:

     o    a citizen or resident of the United States;

     o    a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or
          organized under the laws of the United States or any of its
          political subdivisions;

     o    a trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision
          over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S.
          fiduciaries have the authority to control all substantial decisions
          of the trust; or

     o    an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income
          regardless of its source.

     This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"), Treasury regulations, administrative
rulings and judicial decisions currently in effect, all of which are subject
to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The discussion assumes that
ZiaSun stockholders hold their ZiaSun stock and will hold their INVESTools
common stock, and that Telescan stockholders hold their Telescan stock and
will hold their INVESTools common stock, as a capital asset within the meaning
of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code. Further, the discussion
addresses only the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
transaction and does not consider the effect of any foreign, state, local or
other tax law. Nor does the discussion address all aspects of U.S. federal
income taxation that may be relevant to a particular stockholder in light of
that stockholder's personal investment circumstances, or to stockholders
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws,
including:

     o    insurance companies;

     o    tax-exempt organizations;

     o    financial institutions;

     o    broker-dealers;

     o    persons who have elected to use the mark-to-market method of
          accounting with respect to their securities holdings;

     o    persons that hold their ZiaSun stock or Telescan stock as part of a
          straddle, a hedge against currency risk or a constructive sale or
          conversion transaction;

     o    persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;

     o    investors in pass-through entities;

                                     -39-

     o    persons who acquired their ZiaSun stock or Telescan stock through
          the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation
          or through a tax-qualified retirement plan; or

     o    holders of options granted under any ZiaSun or Telescan benefit
          plan.

     Holders of ZiaSun and Telescan stock should consult their own tax
advisors regarding the specific tax consequences to them of the transaction,
including the applicability and effect of federal, state, local and foreign
income and other tax laws in their particular circumstances.

     Consequences of the Transaction to U.S. Holders. Based on representations
contained in representation letters provided by INVESTools, ZiaSun and
Telescan, all of which must continue to be true and accurate in all material
respects as of the effective time, and customary limitations and assumptions
set forth in the confirming opinions filed as exhibits to this registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part, it is the
opinion of Jones, Waldo, Holbrook & McDonough, counsel to ZiaSun, and of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Telescan, that the material United
States federal income tax consequences of the transaction to the U.S. Holders
of ZiaSun stock and Telescan stock are as follows:

o    the merger between ZiaSun and a wholly owned subsidiary of INVESTools
     (the "ZiaSun Merger"), and the merger between Telescan and a wholly owned
     subsidiary of INVESTools (the "Telescan Merger"), taken together, will be
     treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as transactions described in
     Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code (Jones, Waldo, Holbrook &
     McDonough will also render an opinion that the ZiaSun merger qualifies as
     a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of Internal Revenue
     Code)

o    with respect to U.S. Holders of ZiaSun stock:

          o    no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of ZiaSun
               stock for INVESTools common stock pursuant to the ZiaSun
               Merger, except with respect to cash received instead of
               fractional shares of INVESTools common stock;

          o    the aggregate adjusted basis of the INVESTools common stock
               received in the ZiaSun Merger (including any fractional shares
               of INVESTools common stock deemed received and exchanged for
               cash) will be equal to the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the
               ZiaSun stock exchanged in the ZiaSun Merger, reduced by any
               amount allocable to the fractional share interests in
               INVESTools common stock for which cash is received; and

          o    the holding period of the INVESTools common stock received in
               the ZiaSun Merger will include the holding period of the ZiaSun
               stock exchanged for that INVESTools common stock.

o    with respect to U.S. Holders of Telescan common stock:

          o    no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Telescan
               common stock solely for INVESTools common stock pursuant to the
               Telescan Merger except with respect to cash received instead of
               fractional shares of INVESTools common stock;

          o    the aggregate adjusted basis of the INVESTools common stock
               received in the Telescan Merger (including any fractional
               shares of INVESTools common stock deemed received and exchanged
               for cash) will be equal to the aggregate adjusted tax basis of
               the Telescan common stock exchanged for that INVESTools common
               stock, reduced by any amount allocable to the fractional share
               interests in INVESTools common stock for which cash is
               received;

          o    the holding period of the INVESTools common stock received in
               the Telescan Merger will include the holding period of the
               Telescan common stock exchange for that INVESTools common
               stock;

     It is a condition to the closing of the transaction that each of ZiaSun
and Telescan receive an opinion letter from its tax counsel that the ZiaSun
Merger and the Telescan Merger, taken together, will be treated for U.S.
federal

                                     -40-

income tax purposes as a transaction described in Section 351 of the Internal
Revenue Code (and that tax counsel to ZiaSun issue an opinion that the ZiaSun
Merger qualifies as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue
Code). These opinion letters are in addition to the opinions in this section.
These opinion letters will be based on updated representation letters provided
by INVESTools, ZiaSun and Telescan to be delivered at the time of closing, all
of which must continue to be true and accurate in all material respects as of
closing, and on customary limitations and assumptions, including that the
transaction will be completed according to the terms of the merger agreement.

     None of INVESTools, ZiaSun or Telescan has requested a ruling from the
United States Internal Revenue Service with respect to any of the U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the transaction, and opinions of counsel are in no
way binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any court. As a result, there
can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not disagree with
or challenge any of the conclusions described above. Moreover, any change in
currently applicable law, which may or may not be retroactive, or failure of
any representations or assumptions to be true, correct and complete in all
material respects, could affect the continuing validity of the tax opinions.

     Cash Instead of Fractional Shares. The receipt of cash instead of a
fractional share of INVESTools common stock by a U.S. Holder of ZiaSun stock
will result in taxable gain or loss to such U.S. Holder for U.S. federal
income tax purposes based upon the difference between the amount of cash
received by such U.S. Holder and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the
fractional share (determined as described above). The gain or loss will
constitute capital gain or loss and will constitute long-term capital gain or
loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period is greater than one year as of the
date of the mergers. For non-corporate U.S. Holders, this long-term capital
gain generally will be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20%.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limits.

     Backup Withholding. Payments to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders may be
subject to backup withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in
connection with the mergers (including cash paid instead of fractional shares
of INVESTools common stock). Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a
U.S. Holder who:

     o    furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies as
          to not being subject to backup withholding on IRS Form W-9 or a
          substitute or successor form; or

     o    is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

     If a U.S. Holder does not provide a correct taxpayer identification
number, such U.S. Holder may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal
Revenue Service. Any amount paid as backup withholding does not constitute an
additional tax and will be creditable against such U.S. Holder's U.S. federal
income tax liability. U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors
as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the
procedure for obtaining the exemption.

     A U.S. Holder may avoid backup withholding by completing IRS Form W-9 or
a substitute or successor form and submitting it to the paying agent for the
transaction when submitting such U.S. Holder's stock certificates.

     Reporting Requirements. U.S. Holders of ZiaSun common stock or Telescan
stock receiving INVESTools common stock as a result of the mergers will be
required to attach to their income tax returns for the taxable year in which
the closing of the transaction occurs, and maintain a permanent record of, a
complete statement of all the facts relating to the exchange of stock in
connection with the transaction. The facts to be disclosed by a U.S. Holder
include the U.S. Holder's basis in the Telescan common stock or the ZiaSun
stock, as the case may be, transferred to INVESTools and the number of shares
of INVESTools common stock received in the transaction.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

     Under generally accepted accounting principles, ZiaSun will be treated as
the acquiring entity in the merger and will account for the merger as a
purchase of Telescan for financial reporting and accounting purposes. After
the

                                     -41-

merger, the results of operations of ZiaSun and Telescan will be included in
the consolidated financial statements of INVESTools.

Exchange Procedures

     When the merger is completed, INVESTools will cause an exchange agent to
mail to you a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in surrendering
your ZiaSun or Telescan stock certificates in exchange for statements
indicating book-entry ownership of INVESTools stock or, if requested, stock
certificates. When you deliver your stock certificates to the exchange agent
along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and any other required
documents, your stock certificates will be canceled and you will receive
statements indicating book-entry ownership of INVESTools common stock or, if
requested, stock certificates representing the number of full shares of
INVESTools stock to which you are entitled under the merger agreement. ZiaSun
and Telescan stockholders will receive a check in the amount equal to payment
in cash, without interest, instead of any fractional shares of INVESTools
common stock that would have been otherwise issuable to them as a result of
the merger. The amount of cash payable to any ZiaSun or Telescan stockholder
will be an amount equal to the product of any fractional share of INVESTools
common stock which the holder would have been entitled to receive multiplied
by the closing price as reported on Nasdaq for a share of INVESTools on the
first trading day following the closing date of the merger.

     You should not submit your ZiaSun or Telescan stock certificates for
exchange until you receive the transmittal instructions and a form of letter
of transmittal from the exchange agent.

     If there is any dividend or other distribution on INVESTools stock with a
record date after the date on which the merger is completed and a payment date
prior to the date you surrender your ZiaSun or Telescan stock certificates in
exchange for INVESTools stock certificates, you will receive the dividend or
distribution, without interest, with respect to the whole shares of INVESTools
stock issued to you promptly after they are issued. If there is any dividend
or other distribution on INVESTools stock with a record date after the date on
which the merger is completed and a payment date after the date you surrender
your ZiaSun or Telescan stock certificates in exchange for INVESTools stock
certificates, you will receive the dividend or distribution, without interest,
with respect to the whole shares of INVESTools stock issued to you promptly
after the payment date.

     INVESTools will only issue INVESTools shares or cash instead of a
fractional share in a name other than the name in which a surrendered ZiaSun
or Telescan stock certificate is registered if you present the exchange agent
with all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of
ownership and show that you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes.

Treatment of Stock Options and Other Rights

     When the merger is completed, INVESTools will assume each outstanding
ZiaSun and Telescan employee stock option and each option will be deemed to
constitute an option to acquire a number of shares of INVESTools common stock
equal to the number of shares of ZiaSun or Telescan subject to the option
multiplied by the ZiaSun and Telescan exchange ratio, respectively, rounded
down if necessary to the nearest whole share. The exercise price per share for
the assumed options will be the exercise price per share under the ZiaSun or
Telescan stock options divided by the exchange ratio, rounded to the nearest
one-hundredth of a cent. The other material terms of all assumed ZiaSun and
Telescan options referred to above will continue to apply.

     Promptly after the effective time of the merger, INVESTools will file a
registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of INVESTools
common stock subject to each converted ZiaSun and Telescan option and will
maintain the effectiveness of that registration statement for as long as any
of the options remain outstanding.

Dissenters' Rights

     Under Delaware law, the common stockholders of Telescan are not entitled
to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

                                     -42-

     Holders of ZiaSun common stock are entitled to exercise dissenters'
rights under Chapter 92A, Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 of the Nevada
Revised Statutes ( the "NRS"). A stockholder of ZiaSun will be entitled to
relief as a dissenting stockholder if and only if he or she complies strictly
with all of the procedural and other requirements of Sections 92A.300 through
92A.500 of the NRS. A copy of Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 is attached
hereto as Annex VII. The following summary is not a complete statement of the
method of compliance with Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500 and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the copy of Sections 92A.300 through 92A.500
attached hereto as Annex VII.

     Right to Dissent. Stockholders of a Nevada corporation have the right to
dissent from certain corporate actions in certain circumstances. According to
Section 92A.380(1)(a)(1) of the NRS, these circumstances include consummation
of a merger requiring approval of the corporation's stockholders. Stockholders
who are entitled to dissent are also entitled to demand payment in the amount
of the fair value of their shares.

     Requirements. According to Section 92A.420(1) of the NRS, stockholders of
ZiaSun who wish to assert dissenters' rights:

     o    must deliver written notice to ZiaSun, before the vote is taken at
          the meeting of the stockholders to consider the merger, of their
          intent to demand payment for their ZiaSun common stock if the merger
          is completed; and

     o    must not vote their shares in favor of approval of the merger
          agreement.

Stockholders failing to satisfy these requirements will not be entitled to
dissenters' rights under Chapter 92A of the NRS.

     Thereafter, the "Subject Corporation," as defined below, is required to
send a written dissenters' notice to all ZiaSun stockholders who satisfied
these two requirements (written notice of intent to demand payment and not
voting in favor of the merger). The written dissenters' notice is required to
be sent within 10 days after completion of the merger. According to Nevada
law, ZiaSun is deemed to be the "Subject Corporation" before the merger
occurs, but INVESTools will be the "Subject Corporation" after the merger
occurs. The dissenters' notice must include:

     o    a statement of where dissenting stockholders should send their
          demand for payment and where and when certificates for ZiaSun common
          stock are to be deposited;

     o    a form for demanding payment including the date the merger was
          announced and a certification from the stockholders asserting
          dissenters' rights that they had acquired beneficial ownership of
          the shares before the date when the terms of the merger were
          announced to the news media or the stockholders;

     o    a date by which the Subject Corporation must receive the demand for
          payment, which may not be fewer than 30 or more than 60 days after
          the date the dissenters' notice is delivered; and

     o    a copy of Section 92A.300 through Section 92A.500 of the NRS.

     ZiaSun stockholders wishing to exercise dissenters' rights must
thereafter:

     o    demand payment;

     o    certify whether they acquired beneficial ownership of ZiaSun common
          stock before May 3, 2001 (the date upon which the merger was
          announced publicly); and

     o    deposit their certificates in accordance with the terms of the
          dissenters' notice.

     Nevada law further provides that ZiaSun stockholders who fail to demand
payment or deposit their certificates where required by the dates set forth in
the dissenters' notice will not be entitled to demand payment or receive the
fair market value for their shares of ZiaSun common stock as provided under
Nevada law. Instead, such

                                     -43-

stockholders will receive the same merger consideration as the stockholders of
ZiaSun who do not exercise dissenters' rights.

     Payment for Dissenting Shares. INVESTools will be required under Nevada
law to pay each dissenter who made a valid demand the amount INVESTools
estimates to be the fair value of the dissenter's shares of ZiaSun common
stock, plus accrued interest. INVESTools must make such payment within 30 days
after INVESTools receives the dissenter's demand for payment. The payment must
be accompanied by:

     o    a copy of ZiaSun's balance sheet as of the end of a fiscal year
          ending not more than 16 months before the date of payment, a
          statement of income for that year, a statement of changes in the
          stockholders' equity for that year and the latest available interim
          financial statements, if any;

     o    a statement of INVESTools' estimate of the fair value of the
          dissenter's shares of ZiaSun common stock;

     o    an explanation of how interest was calculated;

     o    a statement of the dissenter's rights to demand payment under Nevada
          law of the dissenter's estimate of the value of the ZiaSun common
          stock (discussed below); and

     o    a copy of Section 92A.300 through Section 92A.500 of the NRS.

     INVESTools may withhold payment from dissenters who became the beneficial
owners of shares of ZiaSun common stock on or after May 3, 2001. If payment is
withheld for this reason by INVESTools, it must estimate the fair value of the
dissenter's shares of ZiaSun common stock (plus accrued interest) and offer to
pay this amount to each dissenter in full satisfaction of his demand.
INVESTools is required to send this offer to all such dissenters with a
statement of INVESTools' estimate of the fair value of the shares of ZiaSun
common stock, an explanation of how interest was calculated and a statement of
the dissenters' rights to demand payment under Nevada law.

     Nevada law also provides that a dissenter who believes that the amount
paid or offered is less than the full value of his or her shares of ZiaSun
common stock, or that the interest due is incorrectly calculated, may, within
30 days after INVESTools made or offered payment for the shares, either (i)
notify INVESTools in writing of his or her own estimate of the fair value of
the shares of ZiaSun common stock and the amount of interest due and demand
payment of difference between this estimate and any payments made or (ii)
reject the offer for payment made by INVESTools and demand payment of the fair
value of his or her shares and interest due.

     If a demand for payment remains unsettled, INVESTools must commence a
court proceeding within 60 days after receiving a demand, petitioning the
court to determine the fair value of the shares of ZiaSun common stock and
accrued interest. All dissenters whose demands remain unsettled would be made
a party to such proceeding, which would be conducted in the district court of
Carson County, Nevada. If INVESTools fails to commence such a proceeding, it
would be required by Nevada law to pay the amount demanded to each dissenter
whose demand remains unsettled. Dissenters would be entitled to a judgment:

     o    for the amount determined by the district court to represent the
          fair value of their shares, plus accrued interest, less any amount
          paid pursuant to Section 92A.460 of the NRS; or

     o    for the amount determined by the district court to represent the
          fair value of those shares on which INVESTools elected to withhold
          payment pursuant to Section 92A.470 of the NRS, plus accrued
          interest.

     The district court will assess the costs of the proceedings against
INVESTools; however, some or all of the costs could be assessed against some
or all of the dissenters to the extent that the court finds that some or all
of the dissenters acted arbitrarily, vexatiously or not in good faith in
demanding payment. The district court may also assess against INVESTools or
the dissenters the fees and expenses of counsel and experts for the respective
parties, in the amount the court finds equitable.

                                     -44-

     The required appraisal rights procedures must be followed exactly or any
appraisal rights may be lost.

No Governmental Approvals or Regulatory Requirements

     We are not aware of any material federal or state regulatory requirements
or approvals required for completion of the merger, other than filing
certificates of merger in Nevada and Delaware at or before the effective time
of the merger. Under the merger agreement, we have agreed to use our
respective reasonable best efforts to obtain all required governmental
approvals and fulfill all applicable regulatory requirements.

Expenses

     The merger agreement provides that ZiaSun and Telescan each will pay
their own expenses in connection with the merger, including the fees and
expense of their own accountants, counsel and consultants, whether or not the
merger is consummated except that ZiaSun and Telescan will share equally all
expenses incurred in connection with printing and mailing this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the registration statement.

Nasdaq Listing

     It is a condition to closing the merger that INVESTools common stock to
be issued in the merger and reserved for issuance upon exercise of ZiaSun and
Telescan stock options be approved for quotation on Nasdaq.

Delisting and Deregistration of ZiaSun and Telescan Stock after the Merger

     When the merger is completed, the ZiaSun stock will be removed from the
OTC Bulletin Board of the NASD and deregistered under the Exchange Act.

     When the merger is completed, the Telescan stock will be removed from
Nasdaq and deregistered under the Exchange Act.

Stock Transfer Restrictions

     The shares of INVESTools common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), and will be freely transferable under the Securities Act,
except for shares issued to any person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of
ZiaSun or Telescan at the time of their respective meetings. Persons who may
be ZiaSun's or Telescan's affiliates for those purposes generally include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with, ZiaSun or Telescan, respectively. ZiaSun and Telescan each
expects that those affiliates of ZiaSun and Telescan, respectively, will agree
with INVESTools not to transfer any shares of INVESTools stock received in the
merger except in compliance with the Securities Act. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not cover any resale of INVESTools common stock you
will receive in the merger, and no person is authorized to make any use of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with any such resale.

                                     -45-

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

General

     The following summary of the merger agreement is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement, which is
incorporated by reference and attached as Annex I to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. We urge you to read the full text of the merger
agreement.

Closing; Effective Time

     We expect to close the merger immediately after approval of the merger
agreement by the ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders.

     On the date of closing, we will file a certificate of merger and other
appropriate documents with the Secretary of State of Delaware and the
Secretary of State of Nevada in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
Delaware General Corporate Law ("DGCL") and the NRS. The merger will become
effective at the time set forth in the certificates of mergers.

Representations and Warranties

     The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of
ZiaSun and Telescan relating to, among other things:

     o    corporate organization and similar corporate matters;

     o    subsidiaries;

     o    capital structure;

     o    authorization and absence of conflicts;

     o    reports and financial statements;

     o    information supplied in connection with this joint proxy
          statement/prospectus and the Form S-4;

     o    board approval and applicable state takeover laws;

     o    the stockholder vote required to adopt the merger agreement;

     o    litigation;

     o    compliance with applicable laws;

     o    absence of specified changes or events;

     o    intellectual property;

     o    brokers and finders;

     o    taxes;

     o    certain contracts;

     o    employee benefits;

     o    labor matters;

                                     -46-

     o    environmental matters;

     o    assets;

     o    insurance;

     o    affiliate arrangements; and

     o    takeover provisions.

Covenants

     Under the merger agreement, each of ZiaSun and Telescan has agreed that,
during the period before completion of the merger, except as expressly
contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement, or to the extent that the
other party consents in writing, it will carry on its respective business in
the usual, regular and ordinary course in all material respects, substantially
in the same manner as previously conducted, and will use its reasonable best
efforts to preserve intact its present line of business and its relationships
with third parties. Each of ZiaSun and Telescan has also agreed that it will
not, and it will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, enter into any new
material line of business or incur or commit any capital expenditures or any
obligations or liabilities in connection with such capital expenditures, other
than as previously disclosed to the other party or in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice.

     In addition to these agreements regarding the conduct of business
generally, each of ZiaSun and Telescan has agreed to specific restrictions
relating to the following:

     o    the declaration or payment of dividends;

     o    the alteration of share capital, including, among other things,
          stock splits, combinations or reclassifications;

     o    the issuance or sale of capital stock, any voting debt or other
          equity interests;

     o    the amendment of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws;

     o    the acquisition of assets or other entities;

     o    the disposition of assets;

     o    the extension of loans, advances, capital contributions or
          investments;

     o    the incurrence or the guarantee of debt;

     o    the taking of actions that would prevent or impede the merger from
          qualifying as an exchange under Section 351 of the Internal Revenue
          Code and as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal
          Revenue Code;

     o    compensation of directors, executive officers and key employees;

     o    accounting policies and procedures; and

     o    entrance into certain types of agreements that limit or restrict, or
          after completion of the merger, could limit or restrict ZiaSun,
          Telescan or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates, including
          INVESTools, from engaging or competing in any line of business or in
          any geographic area, which limitation would, individually or in the
          aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
          (as defined below in "--Conditions to Completion of the Mergers") on
          INVESTools and its subsidiaries, taken together, after the merger.

                                     -47-

No Solicitation

     The merger agreement contains detailed provisions prohibiting ZiaSun and
Telescan from seeking an alternative transaction. Under these "no
solicitation" provisions, each of ZiaSun and Telescan has agreed that neither
it nor any of its subsidiaries, officers and directors, will, and that it will
use reasonable best efforts to ensure that its and its subsidiaries'
employees, agents and representatives, do not, directly or indirectly:

     o    initiate, solicit, encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquires or
          the making of an Acquisition Proposal, as described below;

     o    have any discussion with, or provide any confidential information or
          data to, any person relating to an Acquisition Proposal, or engage
          in any negotiations concerning an Acquisition Proposal, or knowingly
          facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an Acquisition
          Proposal;

     o    approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend,
          any Acquisition Proposal; or

     o    approve or recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, or execute
          or enter into, any letter of intent, agreement in principle, merger
          agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar
          agreement or propose publicly or agree to do any of the foregoing
          related to any Acquisition Proposal.

     "Acquisition Proposal" means, with respect to any entity, any proposal or
offer with respect to, or a transaction to effect:

     o    a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation, business
          combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar
          transaction involving that entity or any of its significant
          subsidiaries;

     o    any purchase or sale of 20% or more of the consolidated assets of
          the entity, including stock of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
          or

     o    any purchase or sale of, or tender or exchange offer for, the equity
          securities of that entity that, if completed, would result in any
          person beneficially owning securities representing 20% or more of
          the total voting power of that entity, or of the surviving parent
          entity in the transaction, or any of its significant subsidiaries.

     However, the merger agreement does not prevent each of ZiaSun and
Telescan, or its board of directors from:

     o    engaging in any discussions or negotiations with, or providing any
          information to, any person in response to an unsolicited bona fide
          written Acquisition Proposal by that person, if and only to the
          extent that its board of directors concludes in good faith that
          there is a reasonable likelihood that the Acquisition Proposal could
          constitute a Superior Proposal, as described below; or

     o    effecting a Change in Board Recommendation, as defined below, (1) if
          and only to the extent that it has received an unsolicited bona fide
          written Acquisition Proposal from a third party and its board of
          directors concludes in good faith that the Acquisition Proposal
          constitutes a Superior Proposal, as described below or (2) if the
          other party makes a Change in Board Recommendation first.

     However, ZiaSun or Telescan may only take such action if and only to the
extent that:

     o    the special meeting of its stockholders to vote on the adoption of
          the merger agreement has not occurred;

     o    its board of directors, after consultation with outside counsel,
          determines in good faith that the failure to effect a Change in
          Board Recommendation or to engage in discussions or negotiations
          with, or provide information to, the person, as the case may be,
          would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable
          law;

                                     -48-

     o    before providing any information or data to any person in connection
          with an Acquisition Proposal by that person, its board of directors
          receives from that person an executed confidentiality agreement with
          customary provisions; except that if the confidentiality agreement
          contains provisions that are less restrictive than the comparable
          provision, or omits restrictive provisions contained in the
          confidentiality agreement between ZiaSun and Telescan, then the
          confidentiality agreement between ZiaSun and Telescan will be
          automatically amended to contain the less restrictive provisions or
          to omit the restrictive provisions, as the case may be; and

     o    before providing any information or data to any person or entering
          into discussions or negotiations with any person, it promptly
          notifies the other party of:

     o    inquiries, proposals or offers received by, any information
          requested from, or any discussions or negotiations sought to be
          initiated or continued with, any of its representatives; and

     o    the name of the person and the material terms and conditions of any
          inquiries, proposals or offers.

     In addition, the merger agreement does not prevent ZiaSun or Telescan
from complying with Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange
Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal.

     "Change in Board Recommendation" means, with respect to any party to the
merger agreement:

     o    withdrawing, modifying or qualifying, or proposing to withdraw,
          modify or qualify, in any manner adverse to the other party to the
          merger agreement, the recommendation of that party's board of
          directors that its stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the
          merger agreement; or

     o    taking any action or making any statement in connection with the
          special meeting of the stockholders of that party that is
          inconsistent with the recommendation of that party's board of
          directors.

     However, an action or statement will not be a Change in Board
Recommendation so long as:

     o    the action or statement is taken or made pursuant to advice, in the
          case of ZiaSun, from Jones, Waldo, Holbrook & McDonough, and, in the
          case of Telescan, from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, to the effect
          that the action or statement is required by applicable law;

     o    if a Public Proposal, as described below, has been made and not
          rescinded, the action or statement does not relate to the Public
          Proposal other than any factual statement required by any regulatory
          authority, and the action or statement includes a rejection of the
          Public Proposal; and

     o    the action or statement also includes a reaffirmation of the
          approval of the merger by that party's board of directors and the
          recommendation to that party's stockholders to adopt the merger
          agreement.

     "Public Proposal" means, with respect to ZiaSun or Telescan, an
Acquisition Proposal that has been publicly announced or otherwise
communicated to the senior management, board of directors or stockholders of
ZiaSun or Telescan, as the case may be, at any time after May 3, 2001, the
date of the merger agreement.

     The board of directors of ZiaSun or Telescan may only change their
respective recommendations of the merger as provided in the "no solicitation"
provision of the merger agreement.

     "Superior Proposal" means a bona fide written proposal made to ZiaSun or
Telescan, as the case may be, which is for a merger, reorganization,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization or
similar transaction involving ZiaSun or Telescan; and

     o    as a result of which the person making the proposal or its
          stockholders will own 40% or more of the combined voting power of
          the entity surviving or resulting from the transaction, or its
          ultimate parent entity; and

                                     -49-

     o    is on terms which the board of directors of ZiaSun or Telescan, as
          the case may be, in good faith concludes, following receipt of the
          advice of its financial advisors and outside counsel, taking into
          account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and
          other aspects of the proposal and the person making the proposal
          would, if completed, result in a transaction that is more favorable
          to the stockholders of ZiaSun or Telescan, as the case may be, from
          a financial point of view, than the merger and is reasonably capable
          of being completed.

     Each of ZiaSun and Telescan has agreed under the provisions of the merger
agreement that:

     o    it will promptly keep the other party informed of the status and
          terms of any proposals, offers, discussions or negotiations covered
          by the "no solicitation" provisions of the merger agreement;

     o    it will, and its officers, directors and representatives will,
          immediately cease and terminate any activities, discussions or
          negotiations existing as of May 3, 2001, the date of the merger
          agreement, with any parties conducted before that date with respect
          to any Acquisition Proposal; and

     o    it will use reasonable best efforts to promptly inform its
          directors, officers, key employees, agents and representatives of
          the obligations of the "no solicitation" provisions of the merger
          agreement.

     Nothing contained in the "no solicitation" provisions of the merger
agreement will:

     o    permit ZiaSun or Telescan to terminate the merger agreement, except
          as specifically provided in the merger agreement; or

     o    affect any other obligation of ZiaSun or Telescan under the merger
          agreement.

Conditions to Completion of the Mergers

     Each of ZiaSun's and Telescan's obligations to complete the merger are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified conditions on or before
completion of the merger, including the following:

     o    the adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of the
          holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of ZiaSun common
          stock and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
          Telescan common stock;

     o    the absence of any law, order or injunction prohibiting completion
          of the merger;

     o    the appraisal rights of the ZiaSun stockholders shall not have been
          perfected within the meaning of Chapter 92A of the NRS with respect
          to more than 1,000,000 shares of ZiaSun common stock;

     o    the approval for listing, on Nasdaq, of the shares of INVESTools
          common stock to be issued, or to be reserved for issuance, in
          connection with the merger, subject to official notice of issuance;
          and

     o    the declaration of effectiveness of the registration statement on
          Form S-4, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a
          part, by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), and the
          absence of any stop order or threatened or pending proceedings
          seeking a stop order.

     "Material Adverse Effect," when used in reference to any entity, means
any event, change, circumstance or effect that is or is reasonably likely to
be materially adverse to:

     o    the business, financial condition or results of operations of the
          entity and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

     o    the ability of the entity to complete the merger.

                                     -50-

     However, there will be no Material Adverse Effect to the extent that any
event, change, circumstance or effect relates:

     o    to the economy or financial markets in general;

     o    generally to the industries in which the entity operates; or

     o    to a decline in the market price of the capital stock of such entity
          in the absence of any other event with regard to such entity that
          would otherwise cause a Material Adverse Effect.

     ZiaSun's obligations to complete the merger relating to ZiaSun are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions
before completion of the merger:

     o    Telescan's representations and warranties, disregarding all
          qualifications and exceptions contained in the merger agreement
          relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, must be true and
          correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the date of
          completion of the merger, except for (1) representations and
          warranties that expressly address matters only as of a particular
          date, which must be true and correct as of such date and (2) any
          failure of such representations and warranties to be true and
          correct that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
          be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Telescan; and
          ZiaSun shall have received a certificate of a senior executive
          officer and a senior financial officer of Telescan to that effect;

     o    Telescan must have (1) performed or complied with all agreements and
          covenants required to be performed by it under the merger agreement
          at or prior to completion of the merger that are qualified as to
          materiality or Material Adverse Effect and (2) performed or complied
          in all material respects with all other material agreements and
          covenants required to be performed by it under the merger agreement
          that are not so qualified, and ZiaSun shall have received a
          certificate of a senior executive officer and a senior financial
          officer of Telescan to such effect;

     o    ZiaSun must have received from Jones, Waldo, Holbrook & McDonough, a
          written opinion to the effect that for federal income tax purposes,
          the mergers taken together will constitute an exchange to which
          Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code applies and that the ZiaSun
          merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
          368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

     o    all consents, approvals, and actions of, filings with and notices to
          any public or private third parties required of ZiaSun or Telescan
          to complete the merger shall have been obtained, in form and
          substance reasonably satisfactory to ZiaSun; and

     o    there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect on
          Telescan since the date of the merger agreement.

     Telescan's obligations to complete the merger relating to Telescan are
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions
before completion of the merger:

     o    ZiaSun's representations and warranties, disregarding all
          qualifications and exceptions contained in the merger agreement
          relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect, must be true and
          correct as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the date of
          completion of the merger, except for (1) representations and
          warranties that expressly address matters only as of a particular
          date, which must be true and correct as of such date and (2) any
          failure of such representations and warranties to be true and
          correct that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
          be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on ZiaSun; and
          Telescan shall have received a certificate of a senior executive
          officer and a senior financial officer of ZiaSun to such effect;

     o    ZiaSun must have (1) performed or complied with all agreements and
          covenants required to be performed by it under the merger agreement
          at or prior to the date of completion of the merger that are
          qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect and (2)
          performed or complied in all material respects with all other
          material agreements and covenants required to be performed by it
          under the

                                     -51-

          merger agreement that are not so qualified, and Telescan shall have
          received a certificate of a senior executive officer and a senior
          financial officer of ZiaSun to such effect;

     o    Telescan must have received from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, a
          written opinion to the effect that for federal income tax purposes,
          the mergers taken together will constitute an exchange to which
          Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code applies;

     o    all consents, approvals, and actions of, filings with and notices to
          any public or private third parties required of ZiaSun or Telescan
          to complete the merger shall have been obtained, in form and
          substance reasonably satisfactory to Telescan; and

     o    there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect on ZiaSun
          since the date of the merger agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

     The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
completion of the merger, whether before or after the stockholder approvals
have been obtained:

     o    by mutual written consent of ZiaSun and Telescan;

     o    by either ZiaSun or Telescan if the merger is not completed on or
          before November 1, 2001, except that this right to terminate the
          merger agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to
          fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement has been the cause
          of, or has resulted in, the failure of the merger to be completed by
          November 1, 2001;

     o    by either ZiaSun or Telescan if any governmental entity issues an
          order, decree or ruling or takes any other action permanently
          restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transaction
          contemplated in the merger agreement, and the order, decree, ruling
          or other action becomes final and nonappealable, except this right
          to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any party
          whose failure to comply with an obligation under the agreement has
          been the cause of such action;

     o    by either ZiaSun or Telescan if the approval of either party's
          stockholders is not obtained because of the failure to obtain the
          required vote to adopt the merger agreement at a duly held meeting
          of ZiaSun's or Telescan's stockholders;

     o    by either ZiaSun or Telescan if the board of directors of the other
          party fails to recommend that the stockholders of that party vote in
          favor of the adoption of the merger agreement or effects a Change in
          Board Recommendation, whether or not permitted by the terms of the
          merger agreement;

     o    by either ZiaSun or Telescan if the other party breaches or fails to
          perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other
          agreements contained in the merger agreement in such a way as to
          render the conditions to the completion of the merger relating to
          the accuracy of representations and warranties and the performance
          of or compliance with agreements and covenants contained in the
          merger agreement incapable of being satisfied on or before
          November 1, 2001;

     o    by ZiaSun, if (i) the board of directors of ZiaSun authorizes ZiaSun
          to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a transaction
          that constitutes a Superior Proposal and ZiaSun notifies Telescan in
          writing that it intends to enter into such an agreement, attaching
          the most current version of such agreement to such notice (which
          version shall be updated on a current basis) and (ii) Telescan does
          not make, within three Business Days (or, in the case of any update
          of such version with respect to a given third party, other than the
          initial notification, one Business Day) of receipt of ZiaSun's
          written notification of its intention to enter into a binding
          agreement for a Superior Proposal, a non-revocable binding offer
          that the board of directors of ZiaSun determines, in good faith, is
          at least as favorable to the stockholders of ZiaSun as the Superior
          Proposal; or

                                     -52-

     o    by Telescan, if (i) the board of directors of Telescan authorizes
          Telescan to enter into a binding written agreement concerning a
          transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal and Telescan
          notifies ZiaSun in writing that it intends to enter into such an
          agreement, attaching the most current version of such agreement to
          such notice (which version shall be updated on a current basis) and
          (ii) ZiaSun does not make, within three Business Days (or, in the
          case of any update of such version with respect to a given third
          party, other than the initial notification, one Business Day) of
          receipt of Telescan's written notification of its intention to enter
          into a binding agreement for a Superior Proposal, a non-revocable
          binding offer that the board of directors of Telescan determines, in
          good faith, is at least as favorable to the stockholders of Telescan
          as the Superior Proposal.

Termination Fee

     ZiaSun Termination Fee. In the event the merger agreement is terminated,
ZiaSun shall pay Telescan $627,814 under the following circumstances:

     o    if either party terminates the merger agreement and each of the
          following is true:

          oo   the stockholders of ZiaSun do not approve and adopt the merger
               agreement at a meeting of ZiaSun's stockholders;

          oo   an Acquisition Proposal with respect to ZiaSun has been
               publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the senior
               management, board of directors or stockholders of ZiaSun at any
               time after May 3, 2001, the date of the merger agreement, and
               before the date of termination of the merger agreement; and

          oo   within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement,
               ZiaSun or any of its subsidiaries enters into any definitive
               agreement with respect to, or consummates, an Acquisition
               Proposal;

     o    if Telescan terminates the merger agreement as a result of the
          ZiaSun board of directors failing to recommend that the ZiaSun
          stockholders approve the merger agreement or effecting a Change in
          Board Recommendation; or

     o    if ZiaSun terminates the merger agreement to enter into a
          transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal.

     Telescan Termination Fee. In the event the merger agreement is
terminated, Telescan shall pay ZiaSun $415,549 under the following
circumstances:

     o    if either party terminates the merger agreement and each of the
          following is true:

          oo   the stockholders of Telescan do not approve and adopt the
               merger agreement at a meeting of Telescan's stockholders;

          oo   an Acquisition Proposal with respect to Telescan has been
               publicly announced or otherwise communicated to the senior
               management, board of directors or stockholders of Telescan at
               any time after May 3, 2001, the date of the merger agreement,
               and before the date of termination of the merger agreement; and

          oo   within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement,
               Telescan or any of its subsidiaries enters into any definitive
               agreement with respect to, or consummates, an Acquisition
               Proposal;

     o    if ZiaSun terminates the merger agreement as a result of the
          Telescan board of directors failing to recommend that the Telescan
          stockholders approve the merger agreement or effecting a Change in
          Board Recommendation; or

                                     -53-

     o    if Telescan terminates the merger agreement to enter into a
          transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal.

Amendment, Extension and Waiver

     The merger agreement may be amended by the parties, by action taken or
authorized by their respective boards of directors, at any time before or
after approval of the merger by the stockholders of ZiaSun and Telescan has
been obtained. After the approval has been obtained, no amendment may be made
which by law or in accordance with the rules of any relevant stock exchange
requires further approval by the stockholders of ZiaSun or Telescan, as the
case may be, without the further approval. All amendments to the merger
agreement must be in writing signed by each party.

     At any time before the completion of the merger, the parties may, by
action taken or authorized by their respective boards of directors, to the
extent legally allowed:

     o    extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
          other acts of the other party;

     o    waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
          contained in the merger agreement or in any document delivered
          pursuant to the merger agreement; and

     o    waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained
          in the merger agreement.

     All extensions and waivers must be in writing and signed by the party
against whom the waiver is to be effective.

                                     -54-

                             ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS

Voting Agreements

     As an inducement to ZiaSun's willingness to enter into the merger
agreement, Vulcan Ventures, Inc., NBC-TSCN Holding, Inc., GE Capital Equity
Investments, Inc. and LJH Corporation each entered into a voting agreement
with ZiaSun under which these principal stockholders agreed to vote all their
shares of Telescan common stock, which in aggregate represent 36% of the
outstanding common stock of Telescan, in favor of the merger.

     As an inducement to Telescan's willingness to enter into the merger
agreement, D. Scott Elder, Ross Jardine, Scott Harris, David W. McCoy and
Momentum Media Ltd. each entered into a voting agreement with Telescan under
which these principal stockholders agreed to vote all their shares of ZiaSun
common stock, which in aggregate represent 42% of the outstanding common stock
of ZiaSun, in favor of the merger.

     The voting agreements terminate upon the earlier to occur of the
completion of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement in
accordance with its terms.

     These voting agreements are attached as Annex II to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. We urge you to read the full text of the voting
agreements.

Lock-Up Agreements

     As an inducement to ZiaSun's willingness to enter into the merger
agreement, Vulcan Ventures, Inc., entered into a lock-up agreement with ZiaSun
that provides that upon closing of the merger and during the six month period
immediately following closing, this principal stockholder will not sell any
shares of INVESTools stock, and that during the six month period following
this initial period it will not sell more than 100,000 shares of INVESTools
common stock in any calendar month. As an inducement to Telescan's willingness
to enter into the merger agreement, Messrs. Elder, Jardine, Harris and McCoy
each entered into similar lock-up agreements with Telescan. These lock-up
agreements are attached as Annex III to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
We urge you to read the full text of the lock-up agreements.

                                     -55-

                                  INVESTOOLS

     INVESTools Inc. is a newly formed company that will, as a result of the
merger, become a leading provider of investor education, financial
publications and analytical tools worldwide. INVESTools will own 100% of
ZiaSun and 100% of Telescan upon completion of the merger. On a pro forma
combined basis, INVESTools recorded $89.5 million of revenues for the year
ending December 31, 2000.

     As discussed below, INVESTools will create a combination of proven
classroom investor education with advanced e-finance services and
web-delivered analytical tools. The pro forma combined company is already
doing business in 12 countries. In the year 2000, the combined operations:

     o    conducted more than 1,200 investment seminars and 270 two-day
          investment workshops in 80 U.S. and 17 international cities;

     o    served more than 100,000 paying customers at price points ranging
          from $15 per month to $4,000 for a complete, two-day investor
          education workshop;

     o    reached more than one million active investors each month through
          Web sites and e-mail lists; and

     o    represented more than 40 unique, recognizable brands, including
          INVESTools, Investor Toolbox, WallStreetCity and others.

     The combined company is being built on a solid and practical business
platform, in which the investor workshops complement the online financial
tools. Investors are better able to leverage the power of online financial
tools, if they are provided a variety of ways to become familiar with those
tools, including live seminars, video tapes, audio tapes and Web based
information. This multi-channel approach is also expected to produce a pro
forma combined positive cash flow, providing significant differentiation from
many purely Web based business models.

     Effective May 21, 2001, INVESTools was incorporated in Delaware to effect
the merger of ZiaSun and Telescan. Currently, INVESTools' consolidated
financial statements consist solely of a consolidated balance sheet, as
INVESTools has had no operations or equity activity since its initial
incoporation. The consolidated balance sheet reflects the par value of
INVESTools two shares of outstanding common stock, offset by an equivalent
subscription receivable issued in connection with the stock issuance. This
consolidated financial statement is not included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                     -56-

                                ZIASUN BUSINESS

General

     ZiaSun was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 19,
1996, under the name "Carlisle Enterprises, Inc." ZiaSun was originally
incorporated for the purpose of executive search and recruitment of employees
for businesses. ZiaSun is currently an Internet technology holding company
focused on international e-finance and investor education, along with
selective e-commerce opportunities. It specializes in certain online support
services within North America, Asia and other international markets. ZiaSun's
subsidiaries include: Online Investors Advantage, Inc. ("OIA"), Asia PrePress
Technology ("APT"), Asia Internet Services ("AIS"), and, through OIA, Seminar
Marketing Group, Inc. ("SMG"), and Memory Improvement Systems, Inc. ("MIS").
Additionally, ZiaSun owns a 25% equity position in Asia4Sale, a 75% equity
position in Online Investors Advantage Asia Pacific PTE Ltd. and a 60% equity
position in MKZ Fund, LLC ("MKZ") which in turn owns 43% of McKenna Venture
Accelerator, LLC ("MVA"), a venture fund.

     At its board meeting on March 22, 2001, the board of directors of ZiaSun
adopted a plan to discontinue its foreign operations which are unrelated to
OIA. The foreign subsidiaries are small in comparison to the U.S. operations
and are difficult to manage at a long distance. The intent of management is to
either resell the foreign operations to the parties which originally sold the
foreign subsidiaries to ZiaSun, or to seek third-party purchasers. In May
2001, ZiaSun completed the sale of Momentum Asia, Inc. and has entered into
negotiations for the sale of APT and AIS. The net assets of the discontinued
operations are shown as a separate line item in the other assets section of
ZiaSun's balance sheets.

     ZiaSun actively seeks to acquire, structure, manage and consolidate other
select holdings through its wholly owned subsidiaries operating in the U.S.
and in foreign markets. Its objective is to acquire holdings which will
provide marketing and operating synergy with one another, are well positioned
and profitable in their targeted markets, and/or have demonstrated technical
expertise in certain areas of e-commerce. While ZiaSun pursues certain
business opportunities, alliances and joint ventures which will enhance
profitable growth and development, and help maximize the stockholders' equity,
ZiaSun does not typically advertise to attract such opportunities.

     The two basic challenges in effectively implementing this strategy, while
preserving and continually developing ZiaSun's core technology, are: (1)
maintaining an active pipeline of potentially desirable, acquirable companies
through various business contacts and financial institutions and (2)
maintaining the financial wherewithal to move quickly enough, when an
opportunity for a synergistic acquisition arises, to complete the acquisition,
and effectively integrate the acquired entity into ZiaSun's holdings at
minimum cost and/or disruption to the other entities. In some instances this
will include the challenge of effectively restructuring the acquired entities
with one or more existing entities to maximize their contribution to ZiaSun's
revenues and profits.

     The growth in use of online financial services in the foreign markets is
one key to ZiaSun's future growth. ZiaSun is focused on capturing a large
number of these foreign users and a significant percentage of the growing
number of U.S. users of Internet tools and services. The U.S. domestic market
is also projected to sustain its growth in domestic e-commerce and online
financial services usage, and is still developing in terms of the number of
educated users of these services.

     ZiaSun's business model is fairly simple and continues to present
long-term growth prospects. Revenue is generated by selling finance
educational programs and services and e-commerce services to businesses and/or
consumers worldwide. As this operating model grows, ZiaSun's base of loyal
users, subscribers and visitors to their Web sites and services should also
continue to grow. This will help build the credibility necessary to establish
further strategic relationships and alliances, and develop co-branding and
licensing agreements with Internet companies with similar objectives.

     ZiaSun may, from time-to-time, divest or "spin off" its equity interest
in one or more of its entities or holdings when it proves strategically and
economically advantageous to its stockholders to do so. This could increase
the stockholders' equity, and, at the same time, allow ZiaSun to continually
refine its core operations and holdings, once it has adequately established
itself in the more profitable targeted markets.

                                     -57-

     ZiaSun's revenues are largely derived from OIA through its instructor led
education workshops, home-study courses, and its Investor Toolbox Web site.
OIA contributed 100% of continuing revenues for the twelve-month period ended
December 31, 2000. E-finance services and training constitute the major
portion of ZiaSun's current business. Revenues are generated from attendance
fees for live workshops in major cities worldwide, sales of home-study
programs and online subscription services.

Continuing Operations

     Online Investors Advantage, Inc. OIA, a wholly owned subsidiary of
ZiaSun, provides in-depth consumer training in the optimum use of
Internet-based investment and financial management tools and services via
workshops, home study, and online subscriptions. OIA recently expanded into
the international marketplace. OIA has a current customer base of some 12,000
individuals. In addition, OIA has a strategic working relationship with
Telescan, its primary data provider.

     OIA has developed a video-based home-study program, which sells for
$1,995, and a live 2-day workshop, which costs $2,995 to attend if the
attendee registers at the live preview, or $3,995 if the attendee registers
after the fact. Both programs are promoted online and through a traditional
multi-step marketing program. The multi-step marketing program includes direct
mail, radio, television, newspaper, free "Introduction to Online Investing
seminars," the Internet, and word-of-mouth incentives. Prior workshop
attendees are allowed to attend a refresher workshop at no charge, or extend
their subscription to www.investortoolbox.com for six months at no charge if
they refer another person to an OIA workshop. This incentive has a $495.00
value. OIA's brochures and audio tapes are used to build further interest and
customer loyalty. The two-day workshop is OIA's principal revenue generator.

     Those introduction seminar attendees who do not elect to attend the
two-day training workshops are candidates for video-based home-study
educational programs. Accordingly, OIA is well positioned to continue
providing both e-finance and investing education and services, while
developing a growing customer base for its online subscription service and
other compatible products and services.

     Seminar Market Group, Inc. SMG, a wholly owned subsidiary of OIA, was
acquired to secure various marketing and support services for OIA such as
in-house telephone marketing and consulting for OIA's marketing process. These
services are now handled by OIA directly and SMG is inactive.

     Memory Improvement Systems, Inc. MIS, a wholly owned subsidiary of OIA,
provides platform speaking services as well as the recruiting and training of
professional presenters for OIA's 90-minute introductory seminars.

     McKenna Venture Accelerator, LLC. In August 2000, ZiaSun and The McKenna
Group formed MKZ, a joint venture fund that is owned 60% by ZiaSun and 40% by
McKenna Enterprises, an affiliate of The McKenna Group, managed by McKenna
Enterprises and funded by ZiaSun. At the same time, MKZ committed to make
investments in MVA, a venture fund created by The McKenna Group under Delaware
law for the purpose of acquiring securities of start-up and early stage
companies. MVA is a partially-owned subsidiary of MKZ, in which MKZ is the
owner of a 43% membership interest with the other investors owning the
remaining interest. The McKenna Group, under the direction of an investment
board made up of members from MKZ, the other investors and The McKenna Group,
manages the day-to-day operations of MVA.

     The MVA partners total capital commitment to MVA is $18.5 million, of
which MKZ committed to invest $8 million. In 2000, MKZ invested $5.6 million
in MVA. On April 20, 2001, MVA, MKZ, McKenna Enterprises and ZiaSun entered
into a letter agreement under which MVA amended MKZ's obligation to complete
its capital commitment of $2.4 million. Under the terms of the letter
agreement, $250,000 in cash was paid from cash transferred to MKZ by ZiaSun,
$750,000 was paid in the form of cash held by MKZ and 318,339 shares of ZiaSun
common stock held by Geoffrey Mott of McKenna Enterprises. McKenna Enterprises
further provided a surety to MVA and guaranteed the difference between the
realized cash value from the sale of the 318,339 shares of ZiaSun common stock
and $386,000. MKZ, McKenna Enterprises and ZiaSun have until June 15, 2001 to
satisfy the remaining $1.4 million capital commitment balance, either in cash
or through the sale of MKZ's interest in MVA. This sale may be up to a $2.4
million interest but not less than a $1.4 million interest. On May 2, 2001,
the California Department of Corporations advised ZiaSun that it could not
grant ZiaSun's application to register 318,339 shares of ZiaSun common stock
issued to Geoffrey Mott of McKenna Enterprises, as the California Department
of Corporations believed that OIA was acting as an unlicensed investment
adviser in California. ZiaSun

                                     -58-

believes that OIA is not an investment advisor and is responding to the
California Department of Corporations. Accordingly, if these shares cannot be
registered and thus sold, MKZ will be required to provide substitute capital
to MVA in the amount of $386,000.

     MVA makes highly selective investments primarily in early stage
business-to-business Internet technology companies with a principal focus on
three core areas: mobile communications, networking and communications and
e-business. MVA offers companies financial and infrastructure support to
accelerate operations, business and market strategy support to accelerate
time-to-market, and partnering support to accelerate scale-up, all of which
creates a highly attractive entrepreneurial environment. MVA also differs from
traditional venture funds in that its investors play an active role in
approving those investments made by the fund, which makes it possible for the
fund to leverage the particular expertise and know-how of its investors.

     MVA has acquired equity positions in the following four companies:

     o    Last Mile Services (www.lastmileservices.com) develops software that
          allows immediate deployment of disparate broadband services between
          service providers and customer premises.

     o    IControl Incorporated is a brand new company (with no Web site
          to-date) dedicated to delivering the most complete security and
          authentication solutions to mobile commerce, which is expected to
          grow into a $70 billion market in the next few years.

     o    QEDSoft (www.qedsoft.com) develops software designed to enable
          delivery of high-quality 3D animation on the Web across multiple
          platforms with zero latency and with low bandwidth requirements.

     o    Sirenic (www.sirenic.com) develops server software intended to
          enable personalized content delivery and m-commerce applications
          across a broad range of access devices.

     MKZ has also invested directly in small equity positions in the following
group of companies, who are also clients of The McKenna Group. These companies
are typically further along than the firms MVA invests in, and their equity is
available to MKZ only because they seek out the consulting services of The
McKenna Group.

     o    OneSecure (www.onesecure.com) is a provider of secure managed
          network solutions to large enterprises.

     o    Home Director (www.homedirector.com) provides complete home
          networking and management solutions.

     o    B2B Web (www.b2bweb.com) is a supplier of state-of-the-art global
          supply chain management platforms and solutions to manufacturers and
          retailers.

     o    PortfolioScope (www.portfolioscope.com) is an applications services
          provider of innovative portfolio tracking and analysis solutions to
          portfolio managers and individual investors.

     o    Tradeworx (www.tradeworx.com) provides cutting edge analytical and
          decision support tools to the online and offline financial services
          industry.

     o    Vision is a leader in the emerging area of high-performance 3-D
          search engines capable of handling all media types including video.

     o    iSX (www.isx.com) provides unique, rapid-retrieval database tools to
          emerging e-business markets.

     o    Last Mile Services (www.lastmileservices.com) is also held directly
          by MKZ as well as in the MVA fund.

     Online Investors Advantage Asia Pacific Private Limited. Pursuant to a
joint venture agreement between OIA and Leong Chong and Eric Lip Meng Tan,
Singapore residents, Online Investors Advantage Asia Pacific PTE,

                                     -59-

Ltd ("OIA Singapore") was formed to expand OIA's business in the Asian
marketplace, including the performance of marketing services, the distribution
of OIA's materials and conducting workshops in Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei and
Hong Kong. OIA Singapore is owned 75% by OIA and 25% by Messrs. Chong & Tan.

Discontinued Operations

     Sale of Momentum Asia, Inc. On May 10, 2001, ZiaSun consummated the sale
of all the outstanding shares of its subsidiary Momentum Asia to Momentum
Media, Ltd. ZiaSun had acquired Momentum Asia on October 5, 1998 in a
stock-for-stock exchange. Under the terms of the sale agreement, Momentum
Media acquired all of the outstanding shares of Momentum Asia in consideration
for 200,000 shares of ZiaSun common stock that were owned by Momentum Media.
In connection with the sale, ZiaSun paid Momentum Asia $50,000 to provide
Momentum Asia with working capital and Momentum Asia transferred to ZiaSun
130,000 shares of ZiaSun common stock that were owned by Momentum Asia. All
the shares of ZiaSun common stock acquired by ZiaSun were canceled.

     The following entities are subject to a formal plan to be sold or
otherwise disposed of:

     Asia Prepress Technologies, Inc. APT has operations in the Philippines
and provides a true 24/7 keyboarding operation for conversion of books and
other hard-copy documents into a searchable electronic format via the
Internet. APT's double-key data entry, comparison and verification analysis,
along with proofreading by a quality control source for all data entry work
completed ensures a 99.99% accuracy level for its transcription services. APT
also provides data conversion services, rendered line art services, LaTex
editing, SGML/HTML/XML keying and coding, and Quark Page Makeup. APT's other
services include Web Page design and CD replication/duplication along with
providing label and cover printing for CD's. APT has a large labor pool of
English speaking, well educated workers within low-cost incentive-rich Special
Economic Zones in the Philippines. APT's primary customer base is
typesetting/composition prepress operations in the publishing field, but it
also is doing work for groups in the medical, legal, accounting and private
industry fields. Anyone who has data that requires conversion or manipulation
into various electronic formats is a potential customer for APT. Major
competitors of APT include Innodata and Sencor.

     ZiaSun acquired APT on May 22, 2000. ZiaSun received 100% of the common
stock of APT in exchange for $100,000 cash and 100,000 shares of restricted
common stock of ZiaSun. In addition, ZiaSun assumed the working capital line
of credit of APT in the amount of $250,000. As of December 31, 2000, there was
an outstanding principal balance on the line of credit of $70,000.

     Asia Internet Services.com, Inc. AIS is also headquartered in Glen
Burnie, Maryland with operations in the Philippines. It is an outsourcing
contractor providing packages of specialized support services for Internet and
IT firms with high-volume response needs. Services include e-mail response,
order taking, correspondence, billing and service inquiries. Pricing is based
at a starting point of $6.00 per hour for each employee required. The primary
customer base is small to mid-size companies who wish to avoid setting up
labor intensive customer service branches. AIS provides alternative
outsourcing in order to save companies time and money allowing them to
concentrate on their core competencies. Service is provided on a 24/7 basis.
Major competitors of AIS include Brigade, Startek and Swift Response.

     On May 22, 2000, ZiaSun acquired 100% of the common stock of AIS in
exchange for $200,000 and 150,000 shares of restricted common stock of ZiaSun.

Distribution

     Management seeks out and investigates business opportunities by various
means and methods, including personal contacts, verified professionals,
securities broker dealers, venture capital personnel, members of the financial
community and others who may present unsolicited proposals.

                                     -60-

Recent Acquisitions and Investments

     Seminar Marketing Group, Inc. On September 29, 2000, ZiaSun acquired all
of the outstanding stock of SMG. Pursuant to the terms of the acquisition
agreement, ZiaSun issued an aggregate of 370,000 restricted shares of common
stock to stockholders of SMG in exchange for such stock. The shares issued to
the SMG stockholders are subject to piggyback registration rights. The
acquisition of SMG had the effect of eliminating various existing royalties
and overrides of OIA which are or were currently being paid for these
marketing, seminar development, hosting and speaking services, and will reduce
certain ongoing commission obligations of OIA.

     The issuance of these shares was intended to be a transaction exempt from
the registration requirements under the Securities Act pursuant to Rule 506 of
Regulation D. Upon subsequent review of the transaction by ZiaSun's attorneys,
it was determined that the issuance of the shares did not meet the technical
requirements of the Securities Act. Therefore, on February 12, 2001, ZiaSun
provided notice to the prior stockholders of SMG who received shares as a
result of the acquisition of SMG by ZiaSun, that the transaction would be
rescinded and that following the filing and effectiveness of an appropriate
registration statement, that a rescission offer would be delivered to such
stockholders in the near future.

     Memory Improvement Systems, Inc. On October 16, 2000, ZiaSun acquired all
of the outstanding stock of MIS. Pursuant to the terms of the acquisition
agreement, ZiaSun issued an aggregate of 400,000 restricted shares of common
stock to stockholders of MIS in exchange for such MIS stock. The shares issued
to the MIS stockholders are subject to piggyback registration rights. MIS
provides the recruiting and training of professional platform presenters at
OIA's 90 minute "Introduction to Online Investing" seminars, and was acquired
in order to eliminate fees paid to MIS as a percentage of workshops sales.

Raw Materials and Supplies

     ZiaSun does not utilize any specialized raw materials. All necessary
required materials, if any, are readily available. ZiaSun is not aware of any
existing or future problem that will materially affect the source and
availability of any such materials which would be required by ZiaSun.

Intellectual Property

     U. S. Trademark Applications. ZiaSun and/or its subsidiaries have made,
and/or hold registrations for the following trademarks:

                                                               Reg/Appln
        Mark                          Class     Status           Number
        ----                          -----     ------           ------
Investor Toolbox                        36     Pending         75/893296
Online Investors Advantage               9     Pending         75/893299
Online Investors Advantage              41     Pending         75/893295
Online Investor Toolbox                 36     Pending         75/893280
Online Investor Toolbox Advantage       36     Pending         75/192920
Online Investor Toolbox Advantage       41     Pending         75/192922
Secrets To Online Investing             16     Pending         76/055455
Secrets To Online Investing             41     Pending         76/055249
Stock Market Investor Toolbox           16     Pending         76/198670
Stock Market Investor Toolbox           41     Pending         76/198669
Wall Street Investor Toolbox            16     Pending         76/198671
Wall Street Investor Toolbox            41     Pending         76/198672
Wall Street Mentor                      16     Pending         76/198464
Wall Street Mentor                      41     Pending         76/198463
Where People Learn to Invest Online     41     Registered      2,412,540
5 Step Online Investing Formula         41     Pending         75/893298
7 Cash-Flow Investing Strategies        41     Pending         75/893294
ZiaSun                                  35     Pending         76/084808

                                     -61-

ZiaSun                                  36     Pending         76/084807
ZiaSun                                  37     Pending         76/084806
ZiaSun                                  41     Pending         76/084899
ZiaSun                                  42     Pending         76/084898

     OIA will discontinue the use of the trademark "Online Investors
Advantage."

     U.S. Copyright Applications. ZiaSun and/or its subsidiaries have made
and/or hold registrations for the following copyrights:

          1.   Online Investors Advantage - Workshop Manual - Version 5.0
          2.   The 5 Step Online Investing Formula - Overview Handout
          3.   Online Investor Toolbox - Speakers Biography
          4.   Online Investing Workshop 2000 - Registration Form
          5.   Money Talks - Flyer
          6.   Online Investors Advantage - Ticket
          7.   Learn the Secrets of Online Investing - Prospect Letter
          8.   Here's Your Free Ticket to Retiring Early and Retiring Rich -
               Ticket
          9.   What I Discovered About Using the Internet - Letter
          10.  The Internet is Empowering People - Brochure
          11.  Online Investors Advantage - Computer Mouse Pad
          12.  Online Investing - Videotape Set
          13.  Online Investing Advantage - Welcome Kit

Government Regulation

     With the exception of the requirement that ZiaSun and its subsidiaries be
registered or qualified to do business in the States and foreign countries in
which they will be doing business, the products and services provided through
use of ZiaSun's technology are not subject to approval of any government
regulation.

     For OIA to conduct workshops in the country of Australia, OIA is
registered under the proper authority with Australian Securities and
Investments Commission and has a compliance officer residing in Australia.

     On May 2, 2001, the California Department of Corporations advised ZiaSun
that it could not grant ZiaSun's application to qualify to offer and sell
certain shares of ZiaSun common stock in California, as the California
Department of Corporations believed that ZiaSun's wholly owned subsidiary OIA
was acting as an unlicensed investment adviser in California. In May 2001,
ZiaSun renewed its request that the application be approved, asserting that
based on existing case law and an opinion previously issued by the California
Department of Corporations, OIA does not engage in the activities of an
investment adviser.

Employees

     As of June 30, 2001, ZiaSun and its subsidiaries employ approximately ___
full time employees.

Property

     ZiaSun's corporate headquarters are located at 665 San Radolfo Drive,
Suite 120, Solana Beach, California 92075. These premises have been leased
beginning May 16, 2001 for an initial period of three months and thereafter
the lease is on a month to month basis. The lease rate for these premises is
presently $1,680 per month.

     OIA leases approximately 4,440 feet of office space at 5252 North
Edgewood Drive, Provo, Utah, which serves as OIA's headquarters, and houses
the OIA accounting staff, information services department, customer support,
data entry, international office and travel coordinator. These premises are
leased through July 20, 2004 with an option to renew the lease for one
additional term of 5 years. The lease rate as of the year ended December 31,
2000, was $8,006.14. On April 1, 2000 the lease rate increased to $8,175.77
per month. The lease rate increases to $8,350.48 and $8,530.43 on April 1,
2001, and April 1, 2003, respectively.

                                     -62-

     OIA also leases 1,940 square feet of office space at 852 North 1430 West,
Unit #3, Westpoint Business Park, Orem, Utah, at a monthly rate of $1,309. OIA
has vacated these premises which are leased through October 31, 2001 and
subleases the same for $1,250 per month.

     OIA leases approximately 7,750 square feet of space at 555 East 1860
South, Provo, Utah which house the OIA home study sales department, shipping
and fulfillment department. These premises are leased through April 30, 2005.
The lease rate through November 30, 2001, is $5,340. The lease rate increases
to $6,180 per month for period December 1, 2001, through July 31, 2003, and
$7,020 per month for period August 1, 2003, through April 30, 2005.

     APT leases approximately 3,100 square feet of space on Argonaut highway,
Boton Area, Subic Freeport, the Philippines, at a monthly rate of $1,002 per
month. The lease is for a term from September 1, 1999, and ending on
August 31, 2002.

     APT also leases office space in Glen Burnie, Maryland, under an oral
month-to-month lease from Maryland Composition, at the rate of $5,000 per
month.

Legal Proceedings

     ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. v. Continental Capital & Equity Corporation.
ZiaSun is a party plaintiff in the matter of ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. v.
Continental Capital & Equity Corporation, Superior Court of California, County
of San Diego, Case No. GIC-759797. ZiaSun seeks a refund of $130,000 of the
$250,000 paid to Continental Capital, alleging breach of contract, intentional
misrepresentation and negligent misrepresentation on the part of Continental
Capital. The matter is pending.

     Suntrust Banks, Inc. v. Online Investors Advantage, Inc. OIA was a party
defendant in the matter of SunTrust Banks, Inc. v. Online Investors Advantage,
Inc., United States District Court, Eastern District of Virginia, Case No.
00-1721-A. SunTrust, as the owner of the trademark "Investors Advantage,"
filed a civil action to enjoin OIA from the use of the mark and name
"Investors Advantage." On January 19, 2001, SunTrust and OIA entered into a
Settlement Agreement under which SunTrust and OIA would explore the possible
assignment of the mark and name "Investors Advantage" to OIA under mutually
agreeable terms. The parties also agreed that in the event an agreement as to
the assignment was not reached in 3 months, then OIA will within 9 months from
January 19, 2001, terminate any use of the mark and name "Investors
Advantage." Based on this agreement the pending action was dismissed without
prejudice. No agreement was reached with respect to the assignment of the
trademark "Investors Advantage."

     Settlement of OIA v. Wall Street Mentors, Inc. et al. On or about April
13, 2001, ZiaSun's wholly owned subsidiary, OIA, entered into a settlement
agreement with Wall Street Mentors, Inc., five former independent contractors
of OIA and other individuals, providing for the settlement of the matter
entitled Online Investors Advantage, Inc., v. Varlin Law, Rhett Anderson,
David Nicolson, Roger Taylor, Bart Coon, Steve Admundsen, Tim Anderson, David
Shamy, Brock Madsen and Wall Street Mentors, Inc., filed by OIA on or about
February 23, 2001, in the United States District Court for the District of
Utah, Case No. 2:01 CV0129 C, as well as other possible claims of the
defendents. In this action, OIA has alleged, among other things, copyright
infringement, misappropriation of trade secrets, unfair competition, libel,
deceptive trade practices, and breach of non-competition agreements and
confidentiality agreements by the defendants. Subject to the performance of
the parties under the settlement agreement, OIA and the defendants have each
agreed to release the other from any and all claims arising out of the OIA
lawsuit described above, and Wall Street Mentors and the individual defendants
have released OIA, ZiaSun and its officers, directors and affiliates, from any
additional claims or actions they may have, in law or equity. The parties have
agreed that the terms of the settlement agreement will be kept confidential.

     Scott Bowen v. ZiaSun Technologies, Inc. ZiaSun is a party defendant in
the matter of Scott Bowen v. Bryant D. Cragun, et al. Superior Court of
California, County of San Diego, Case No. 762921. The plaintiff alleges to
have purchased shares of common stock of ZiaSun and various other companies
through Amber Securities Corporation, a registered broker deal formerly known
as World Trade, and it sales associates, who were acting as agents of ZiaSun.
The plaintiff alleges that Amber and its sales associates made misstatements
regarding ZiaSun, upon which the plaintiff relied when purchasing ZiaSun
shares. The plaintiff fails to specify the exact number of shares of ZiaSun
common stock purchased and the amount paid. ZiaSun denies the allegations,
believes the lawsuit is without merit and is proceeding with defending itself.

                                     -63-

     With the exception of the legal proceedings, claims and threatened
litigation set forth above, ZiaSun is not a party to any legal proceeding that
is material to ZiaSun. No federal, state or local governmental agency is, to
the knowledge of ZiaSun, presently contemplating any proceeding against
ZiaSun. No director, executive officer or affiliate of ZiaSun or owner of
record or beneficially of more than five percent of ZiaSun common stock is a
party adverse to ZiaSun or has a material interest adverse to ZiaSun in any
proceeding.

Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information

     ZiaSun common stock is traded on the OTC Bulletin Board of the NASD under
the symbol "ZSUN." There has been relatively limited trading activity in
ZiaSun's stock since inception. The following table represents the high and
low closing prices for ZiaSun common stock for each quarter of the years ended
December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the first three quarters (or portion thereof)
for the years ended December 31, 2001.

    Year Ended December 31, 1999                  High          Low
    ----------------------------               ---------     ----------
    First Quarter                              $ 25.875       $ 4.937
    Second Quarter                               27.125         6.375
    Third Quarter                                13.375         7.000
    Fourth Quarter                               14.625         6.968

    Year Ended December 31, 2000                  High          Low
    ----------------------------               ---------     ----------
    First Quarter                              $ 15.750       $10.000
    Second Quarter                               11.375         4.156
    Third Quarter                                 5.625         1.796
    Fourth Quarter                                2.930         1.030

    Year Ended December 31, 2001                  High           Low
    ----------------------------               ---------     ----------
    First Quarter                              $  1.630       $ 0.540
    Second Quarter
    Third Quarter (through ________, 2001)

     The quotes reflect interdealer prices without retail mark-up or
commissions and may not necessarily reflect actual transactions.

     On May 3, 2001, the last full trading day prior to our announcement of
the signing of the merger agreement, the closing price of ZiaSun common stock
was $0.69 per share, the high price was $0.70 per share and the low price was
$0.69 per share. On _____ __, 2001, the closing price of ZiaSun common stock
was $___ per share, the high price was $___ per share and the low price was
$___ per share.

     ZiaSun has not declared any cash dividends with respect to its common
stock, and does not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future.
There are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit,
ZiaSun's ability to pay dividends on its securities.

                                     -64-

           SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF ZIASUN

     The following table sets forth our selected historical consolidated
financial information. The summary historical consolidated financial
information as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1996, 1997 and
1998 has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, ZiaSun's
audited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto,
which have been audited by Jones, Jensen & Company, independent auditors, and
which, in the case of the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998, are attached to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary historical consolidated
financial information as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999
has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, ZiaSun's
audited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto,
which have been audited by HJ & Associates, LLC, independent auditors, and
which are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected
financial historical consolidated financial information as of and for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 has been derived from, and should be read
in conjunction with, ZiaSun's audited historical financial statements and the
notes thereto, which have been audited by BDO Siedman LLP, independent
auditors, and which are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The
selected historical consolidated financial information as of and for the
fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2000 and 2001 has been derived from, and should
be read in conjunction with, ZiaSun's unaudited consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. In ZiaSun's opinion, all adjustments (which consist only
of normal recurring entries) considered necessary for a fair presentation have
been included in ZiaSun's unaudited consolidated financial statements. Interim
results for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2001 are not necessarily
indicative of, or projections for, the results to be expected for the full
fiscal year ending December 31, 2001. The following summary historical
consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with "ZiaSun
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations of ZiaSun" and the consolidated financial statements and the notes
thereto attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                           Quarters Ended
Statement of Operations                       March 31,                               Years ended December 31,
                                       ----------------------   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                          2001        2000         2000          1999         1998         1997         1996
                                       ---------  ----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ---------
                                                                (in thousands, except per share data)

Revenue                                $ 14,233     $ 12,914     $  54,667     $ 23,620     $    --      $    --       $  --

Earnings (loss) before other
  income and special charges........       (823)       3,189         4,143        4,386         (77)          --          --
Goodwill impairment.................         --           --       (71,756)          --          --           --          --
Other income (expense)..............       (247)          94           167           17          --           --          --

Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations.............     (1,093)       1,763       (70,548)       2,632         (77)      (3,511)         (4)
Net income (loss)...................   $ (1,233)    $  1,977     $ (77,226)    $  5,964     $   769      $(3,511)      $  (4)

Net income (loss) per
  common share from
  continuing operations
   Basic............................   $  (0.04)    $   0.08     $  (2.37)     $  0.12      $    --      $    --       $  --
                                       ========     ========     ========      =======      =======      =======       ======
   Diluted .........................   $  (0.04)    $   0.08     $  (2.37)     $  0.10      $    --      $    --       $  --
                                       ========     ========     ========      =======      =======      =======       ======

Weighted average common
  Shares outstanding
   Basic ...........................     32,315       22,219       29,744       21,770       17,023       15,467          800
                                       ========     ========     ========      =======      =======      =======       ======
   Diluted .........................     32,315       22,269       29,744       25,796       17,023       15,467          800
                                       ========     ========     ========      =======      =======      =======       ======

                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                 ------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data                       March 31, 2001            2000          1999         1998         1997        1996
                                      -------------------        ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------   ---------
                                                                            (in thousands)

Working capital.....................         $ (584)             $     72     $  6,373   $1,661,605     $(12,355)     $ 66,379

Total assets .......................         47,513                47,713       19,457        4,765          123           66
Total stockholders' equity .........         40,881                42,099       15,736        4,165           37           66

                                     -65-

                  ZIASUN MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
               OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

     Shares Issued Under OIA Acquisition Agreement, as Amended. In accordance
with the terms of the original OIA acquisition agreement, the former OIA
stockholders were to receive one share of ZiaSun common stock for each $0.50
of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization
(EBITDA) for the year from April 1, 1999 through March 31, 2000. OIA's audited
EBITDA earnings during this period were $10,910,076. Accordingly, ZiaSun would
owe 21,820,152 shares of its common stock at March 31, 2000, to the former OIA
stockholders. The value of these shares at March 31 was $248,204,230. This
value would have been added to the goodwill on ZiaSun's balance sheet.

     However, pursuant to negotiations between ZiaSun and the former OIA
stockholders, and their joint recognition that it would clearly not be in the
best interests of ZiaSun to have such a large goodwill burden going forward,
ZiaSun and the former OIA stockholders agreed to amend the original terms and
conditions of the earn-out. An agreement was reached wherein the former OIA
stockholders would exchange 12,000,000 of the earn-out shares, to which they
were originally entitled, for $6,000,000 in cash. An agreement was reached on
May 9, 2000.

     Therefore, under the terms and conditions of the amended earn-out
agreement, the former OIA stockholders received 9,820,152 shares (of which
5,000,000 had been previously issued and were held in escrow), rather than the
21,820,152 shares as set forth in the original agreement. This reduced the
goodwill burden to ZiaSun by $138,646,269, from $248,204,230 to $109,557,961,
and this is the value that was added to ZiaSun's balance sheet going forward
from April 1, 2000.

     Due to the accrual of a liability for sales taxes payable by OIA, ZiaSun
and the former OIA stockholders have determined that a further adjustment to
the number of shares received by the former OIA stockholders pursuant to the
earn-out may be required. ZiaSun and Messrs. Elder, Jardine, McCoy and Harris
have agreed that if any sales tax liability is assessed for sales made by OIA
during the earn-out period, (i) ZiaSun will be solely responsible for the
payment of the first $554,000 of these taxes and (ii) Messrs. Elder, Jardine,
McCoy and Harris will return to ZiaSun on a pro rata basis one share of ZiaSun
common stock for each $0.50 that these taxes exceed $554,000.

     Discontinued Operations. At its board meeting on March 22, 2001, the
board of directors of ZiaSun adopted a plan to discontinue its foreign
operations that are unrelated to OIA. The foreign subsidiaries are small in
comparison to the U.S. operations and are difficult to manage at a long
distance. The intent of management is to either resell the foreign operations
to the parties that originally sold the foreign subsidiaries to ZiaSun, or to
seek third-party purchasers. In May 2001, ZiaSun completed the sale of
Momentum Asia and has entered into negotiations for the sale of APT and AIS.
Accordingly, ZiaSun's financial statements and the related management's
discussion and analysis, have been restated to present the continuing
operations which are the operations of OIA. The net assets of the discontinued
operations are shown as a separate line item in the other assets section of
ZiaSun's balance sheets.

Results of Operations

     Three Months Ended March 31, 2001 Compared to Three Months Ended March
31, 2000. ZiaSun's sales increased by $1,319,409 from the first quarter of
2000 to the first quarter of 2001. This is an increase of 10%. ZiaSun's gross
margin was 43% of sales in the first quarter of 2000 compared to 32% in the
first quarter of 2001. This decrease in gross margin was due to the higher
cost of seminars in the first quarter of 2001 than in the first quarter of
2000. ZiaSun's cost of seminars is higher because the average attendance at
the seminars has declined from approximately 60 attendees per seminar in the
first quarter of 2000 to approximately 45 per seminar in the first quarter of
2001. ZiaSun provides the same quality of meeting facilities and speakers no
matter what the attendance may be at its seminars. Management attributes the
average attendance decrease to the overall decline in the stock market.

                                     -66-

     ZiaSun recorded an increase in its depreciation and amortization expense
in the first quarter of 2001 of $1,004,126. The increase was due to the
amortization of the additional goodwill recorded on the OIA earn-out. The
amortization is computed on the net goodwill carried on ZiaSun's books after
it recorded an impairment of the goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2000. The
impairment of $71,755,840 was computed using management's best estimate of the
future cash flows from OIA. The estimate is based upon the recent downturn in
the stock market which has affected ZiaSun's sales of internet investment
seminars.

     General and administrative expenses increased by $1,981,025 from the
first quarter of 2000 to the first quarter of 2001. General and administrative
expenses was 30% of sales in the first quarter of 2001 compared to 17% in the
first quarter of 2000.

     ZiaSun's sales are directly related to the amount of marketing it
performs. ZiaSun continues to budget significant dollars for advertising its
seminars. As ZiaSun expands overseas the advertising costs increase. Marketing
costs increased during the first quarter of 2001 in comparison to the first
quarter of 2000. ZiaSun has found that the cost for each foreign attendee is
higher than for each North American attendee. This is due in large part to
higher travel costs. However, the market abroad is large and management
believes that the gross margin is sufficient to justify the expenditures.

     ZiaSun's income tax for the first quarter of 2000 was $1,555,542 compared
to $23,000 for the first quarter of 2001. ZiaSun showed a loss from continuing
operations before income taxes for 2001 of $1,070,151 compared to income of
$3,282,405 in 2000. However, because the amortization of goodwill is not
deductible for taxes, ZiaSun still incurred income tax expense.

     ZiaSun recorded a loss from discontinued operations of $139,797 in the
first quarter of 2001 compared to income of $250,012 in the first quarter of
2000. These discontinued operations were in the Philippines and Hong Kong.
ZiaSun's principal operations are headquartered in the United States.
Management believes that it was in the best interest of ZiaSun to sell these
operations so that it could focus its time and resources on its profitable
enterprises. Also with the downturn in the Asian-rim economies and especially
in the Philippines, what were once profitable subsidiaries no longer provided
positive cash flow to ZiaSun by the end of 2000. However, ZiaSun's new
subsidiary, OIA-Asia has been highly successful in generating sales in
Singapore and Malaysia. OIA-Asia had sales of $523,196 in March of 2001, which
was its first month in operation.

     Year Ended December 31, 2000 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1999.
ZiaSun's sales increased by $31,047,887 from 1999 to 2000. This is an increase
of 131%. ZiaSun's gross margin was 45% of sales in 1999 compared to 48% in
2000. This increase in gross margin was due to higher sales of video seminars
in 2000 than 1999. ZiaSun's cost of videos is lower than live presentations
because ZiaSun does not have to provide meeting facilities and speakers.
During 1999, ZiaSun sold 1,040 home study units compared to 4,286 in 2000.
ZiaSun also had 13,920 seminar attendees in 2000 compared to 8,257 in 1999.

     If the sales of OIA for the first three months of 1999 (i.e., prior to
the purchase by ZiaSun) are included on a pro forma basis, the sales of ZiaSun
for the year ended December 31, 1999 would have been $28,320,817. Therefore,
the pro forma sales increase was $26,346,660 or 93%. The pro forma 12-month
gross margin was 29%.

     ZiaSun recorded an increase in its depreciation and amortization expense
in 2000 of $2,565,580. The increase was due to the amortization of the
additional goodwill recorded on the OIA earn-out. ZiaSun also recorded an
impairment of its goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2000. The impairment of
$71,755,840 was computed using management's best estimate of the future
discounted cash flows from OIA. The estimate is based upon the recent downturn
in the stock market which may affect ZiaSun's sales of internet investment
seminars, thereby impacting the value of OIA.

     General and administrative expenses increased by $13,556,325 from 1999 to
2000. General and administrative expenses was 35% of sales in 2000 compared to
23% in 1999. Included in general and administrative expenses is payroll
expense of $3,895,537, an increase of $3,095,050 over 1999. This increase was
due to the expansion of the home study and preview payrolls as well as
increased compensation to the office staff. Also included in general and
administrative expenses is ZiaSun's marketing expense. ZiaSun spent $6,933,753
for radio and television advertising in 2000 compared to $2,594,379 in 1999.
Travel expense increased from $2,645,677 to

                                     -67-

$4,873,370. On a pro forma basis general and administrative expenses increased
by $13,253,725 for the year ended December 31, 2000 over 1999.

     ZiaSun's income tax for 2000 was $3,101,153 compared to $1,754,690 for
1999. ZiaSun showed a loss from continuing operations before income taxes for
2000 of $67,446,515 compared to income of $4,386,724 in 1999. However, because
the amortization and impairment of goodwill is not deductible for taxes,
ZiaSun still incurred income taxes.

     ZiaSun recorded a loss from discontinued operations of $2,921,969 in 2000
compared to income of $648,457 in 1999 and $846,365 in 1998. These
discontinued operations were in the Philippines and Hong Kong.

     ZiaSun realized a loss on the disposal of Momentum Asia, Momentum
Internet, Inc., APT and AIS of $3,756,700 in 2000 because of the write off of
the goodwill it had recorded on the purchase. ZiaSun was able to recover and
retire 725,000 shares of its common stock from the sale of Momentum Internet,
and recovered and canceled another 330,000 shares from the sale of Momentum
Asia in 2001. These share retirements along with the cancellation of the
repurchased shares discussed in the liquidity section, should have a positive
effect on earnings per share in 2001.

     Year Ended December 31, 1999 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1998.
During 1998, ZiaSun was winding down its activities with the beverage centers.
By January 1999 those operations had entirely ceased. The operations of
Momentum Asia and Momentum Internet are not included because they were
discontinued in 2000.

     ZiaSun's acquisition of OIA on March 31, 1999 has had a considerable
impact on the operating income of ZiaSun since that date.

     Sales for the year ended December 31, 1999 were $23,619,590 compared to
$0 for 1998. Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 1999 was
$13,026,015 or 55% of sales, resulting in gross profit of $10,593,575, or 45%
of sales.

     Operating expenses primarily include depreciation and amortization
expense and general and administrative expenses. Depreciation and amortization
expense for the year ended December 31, 1999 includes depreciation and
amortization of goodwill of $540,825 and deferred compensation amortization of
$10,000. ZiaSun recorded goodwill for the acquisition of OIA. General and
administrative expenses were $5,493,459 or 23% of sales for the twelve months
ended December 31, 1999 and $77,045 for 1998 resulting in an increase of
$5,416,414 or 7030%. The increase is due to the operating expenses of OIA from
April 1 to December 31, 1999.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     Quarter Ended March 31, 2001. ZiaSun's current assets at December 31,
2000 were $5,072,363 compared to $5,409,425 at March 31, 2001. ZiaSun's
current liabilities were $5,000,257 and $5,993,279 for the same periods
respectively. This represents a decrease in ZiaSun's working capital from
$72,106 to $(583,854). This decrease occurred even though ZiaSun generated
$807,669 in cash from operating activities. The decrease in working capital
was largely the result of ZiaSun's investment of $497,500 in equity
investments through MVA and MKZ and payment of $453,871 of deferred
acquisition costs. Another material cause of the decrease was the accrual by
ZiaSun of sales tax and GST on its foreign and domestic sales. ZiaSun is
preparing to negotiate with the various states of the United States to
determine what, if any, sales tax it owes on its video and seminar sales. In
the interim ZiaSun has accrued management's estimate of the sales tax
liability.

     ZiaSun also holds 5,400,000 shares of Asia4Sale restricted stock. ZiaSun
no longer intends to register or issue the 1,600,000 shares of this stock to
its stockholders in a dividend. ZiaSun intends to free the shares up for sale
in accordance with Rule 144. However, because the shares of Asia4Sale are
thinly traded and the shares remain restricted due to Rule 144, no value has
been recorded in the March 31, 2001 financial statements for these shares.

     During the quarter ended March 31, 2001, ZiaSun paid $251,587 in income
taxes. Trade receivables increased by $253,304, accounts payable and accrued
expenses increased by $526,633 and cash decreased by $117,747 as a result of
these uses of ZiaSun resources.

                                     -68-

     At March 31, 2001, ZiaSun has no long-term debt. ZiaSun has sufficient
cash flow from its continuing operations to meet its current obligations.
ZiaSun anticipates continued positive cash flow during the next twelve months.
Management intends to invest its cash flow in marketing and to seek mergers
with or acquisition of companies that will contribute in a positive way to its
operating strategy. ZiaSun has budgeted $1,000,000 for such acquisition
efforts in 2001. Of the amount budgeted, $453,871 has been spent through March
31, 2001 in connection with the planned merger with Telescan.

     In the second half of 2000 and the first quarter of 2001, the stock
market has had a significant downturn in the United States. ZiaSun is
uncertain if this downturn will have a lasting effect on the demand for its
services and products. To date, sales have continued to grow when compared on
a quarterly basis to the prior year. Also, several new seminar companies have
entered the marketplace. Some of these companies have hired former employees
of ZiaSun. ZiaSun is uncertain as to the extent of competition it will have
with these companies.

     Year Ended December 31, 2000. ZiaSun's current assets at December 31,
2000, were $5,072,363 compared to $10,093,565 at December 31, 1999. ZiaSun's
current liabilities were $5,000,257 and $3,720,657 for the same periods,
respectively. This represents a decrease in ZiaSun's working capital from
$6,372,908 to $72,106. This decrease occurred even though ZiaSun generated
$7,199,151 from its continuing operations. The decrease was largely the result
of ZiaSun's investment of $7,500,000 in MVA and MKZ. Another material cause of
the decrease was the decision of ZiaSun to amend the earn-out agreement with
the OIA stockholders by paying them $6,000,000 in lieu of issuing an
additional 12,000,000 shares of its common stock. ZiaSun also used $765,508 of
its cash to repurchase 297,500 shares of its common stock through the market.

     ZiaSun spent $300,000 to acquire its now discontinued subsidiaries APT
and AIS in 2000. ZiaSun received $100,000 from the exercise of options by its
president. ZiaSun also was relieved of $690,000 of debt by its conversion to
103,500 shares of common stock.

     During 2000, ZiaSun paid $4,992,587 in income taxes, of which $1,947,264
was used to pay prior-year liabilities, and $3,045,323 was paid against
current tax liabilities. ZiaSun has also accrued $3,004,914 in 2000 for
potential sales tax liabilities relating to its seminar and video sales in the
various states of the United States. Accounts payable increased by $983,480,
and cash decreased by $5,431,413 as a result of these uses of ZiaSun
resources.

     Year Ended December 31, 1999. On March 25, 1999, ZiaSun acquired
Asia4Sale by issuing restricted common stock of ZiaSun for virtually all of
the stock of Asia4Sale and $15,000 cash. On December 31, 1999, ZiaSun sold
Asia4Sale for $5,000,000 cash and 300,000 shares of Internet Ventures, Ltd. On
March 31, 1999, ZiaSun also acquired OIA for restricted common stock of ZiaSun
and $400,000 cash. These acquisitions were accounted for as purchases. The
acquisition of OIA has made a substantial, positive contribution to the
financial condition of ZiaSun through year-end. The balance of current assets
at December 31, 1999 was $10,093,565 compared to a balance of $2,261,618 at
December 31,1998. The current liabilities balances were $3,720,657 and
$600,013 for the same periods, respectively.

     The increase of current assets at December 31, 1999 over December 31,
1998 is due primarily to the increase of cash from $517,781 to $9,283,310, an
increase of $8,765,529 or 1,692%. This increase is due primarily to the
$5,000,000 in cash generated from the sale of Asia4Sale, the positive cash
flow generated from the operations of OIA of approximately $5,000,000 at year
end, and the cash generated from the sale of equity securities.

     Current assets at December 31, 1999 also increased due to the increase of
prepaid expenses from $0 to $65,962, an increase of $65,962. The increase in
prepaid expenses is primarily due to the advance payments by OIA for costs
such as newspaper, radio and television advertising for future seminars.
Additionally, accounts receivable increased from $0 at December 31, 1998, to
$744,293 at December 31, 1999. The balance of accounts receivable at December
31, 1999 includes primarily OIA's fees for completed seminars that are in the
process of being charged and collected by ZiaSun's credit card processor.

     The balance of current liabilities at December 31, 1999, is $3,720,657
and at December 31, 1998, was $586,000. The increase of $3,634,657, or 605%,
was due primarily to the income taxes payable at December 31, 1999 of
$2,083,763 relating to the U.S. earnings of OIA. There were no income taxes
payable at December 31, 1998. Current liabilities at December 31, 1999, also
increased for a related party payable of $690,000, convertible to

                                     -69-

common stock at the trading value of the shares on the date of conversion.
Accounts payable and accrued expenses increased $786,064 from $86,000 at
December 31, 1998, to $872,064 at December 31, 1999.

     Other assets increased $9,080,776 from $0 at December 31, 1998 to
$9,080,776 at December 31, 1999. The increase is due primarily to the addition
of $2,538,567 of goodwill, (net) resulting from the acquisition of OIA.
Goodwill is the book value given to the difference between the purchase price
and the estimated fair market value of the net assets of OIA, and is amortized
over the estimated life of 10 years. Additionally other assets increased
$6,148,270 for the net assets of now discontinued operations, including
Momentum Asia, Momentum Internet and Asia4Sale.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In October 2000, ZiaSun adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board SFAS
No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." This
statement establishes accounting and reporting standards requiring every
derivative instrument, including certain derivative instruments embedded in
other contracts to be recorded in the balance sheet as either an asset or
liability measured at its fair value. The statement also requires changes in
the derivative's fair value to be recognized in earnings unless specific hedge
accounting criteria are met. The adoption of SFAS 133 as of January 2001, did
not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

     In December 1999, the SEC released Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No.
101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements," which provides guidance on
the recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in the financial
statements filed with the SEC. Subsequently, the SEC released SAB 101B, which
delayed the implementation date of SAB 101 for registrants with fiscal years
that begin between December 16, 1999, and March 15, 2000. ZiaSun was required
to be in conformity with the provisions of SAB 101, as amended by SAB 101B, no
later than October 1, 2000. ZiaSun believes the adoption of SAB 101, as
amended by SAB 101B, has not had a material effect on the financial position,
results of operations or cash flows of ZiaSun for the year ended December 31,
2000.

     In March 2000, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 44, "Accounting for
Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation, the Interpretation of APB
Opinion No. 25" ("FIN44"). The Interpretation is intended to clarify certain
problems that have arisen in practice since the issuance of APB No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." The effective date of the
Interpretation was July 1, 2000. The provisions of the Interpretation apply
prospectively, but they will also cover certain events occurring after
December 14, 1998, and after January 12, 2000. The adoption of FIN 44 did not
have a material adverse affect on the current and historical consolidated
financial statements.

Changes In, and Disagreements With, Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure

     (a)  Previous Independent Accountants

         (i)   On October 3, 2000, ZiaSun dismissed HJ & Associates, LLC, as
               its independent public accountants.

         (ii)  Neither of the reports of HJ & Associates, LLC, on the
               financial statements for the past two years contained an
               adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion or were qualified or
               modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
               principles.

         (iii) The dismissal of HJ & Associates, LLC, was recommended and
               approved by the Audit Committee of the board of directors of
               ZiaSun.

         (iv)  During the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 and through
               September 30, 2000, there were no disagreements with HJ &
               Associates on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
               financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure
               which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of HJ
               & Associates, would have caused

                                     -70-

               HJ & Associates to make reference to the subject matter of the
               disagreement(s) in their reports on the consolidated financial
               statements for such years.

          (v)  During 1998 and 1999 and through the period from December 31,
               1999, to September 30, 2000, there have been no reportable
               events (as defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(v)).

          (vi) ZiaSun provided HJ & Associates with a copy of the disclosure
               it made in response to Item 304(a) of Regulation S-K, in its
               Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 10, 2000. ZiaSun
               requested HJ & Associates, LLC, to furnish, and HJ &
               Associates, LLC, furnished to ZiaSun, a letter addressed to the
               SEC stating that it agreed with the statements made by ZiaSun.

     (b)  Newly Engaged Independent Accountants

          (i) On October 3, 2000, ZiaSun engaged BDO Siedman, LLP, as its new
     independent accountant. Through September 30, 2000, neither ZiaSun nor
     anyone on its behalf consulted BDO Siedman, LLP, regarding (i) the
     application of accounting principles to any transaction, either completed
     or proposed, or (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by
     BDO Siedman, LLP, on ZiaSun's financial statements.

Market Risk Disclosure

     ZiaSun is exposed to market risk, which is the potential loss arising
from adverse changes in market prices and rates. ZiaSun's exposure to interest
rates changes is not considered to be material to ZiaSun. ZiaSun does not
enter, or intend to enter, into derivative financial instruments for trading
or speculative purposes.

     ZiaSun is exposed to the impact of changes in the market values of its
investments. ZiaSun invests in equity instruments of privately held,
information technology companies for business and strategic purposes. These
investments are included in long-term assets and are accounted for under the
cost method when ownership is less than 20%. For these non-quoted investments,
ZiaSun's policy is to regularly review the assumptions underlying the
operating performance and cash flow forecasts in assessing the carrying
values. ZiaSun identifies and records impairment losses on long-lived assets
when events and circumstances indicate that such assets might be impaired. To
date, no such impairment has been recorded. Such investments, which are in the
Internet industry, are subject to significant fluctuations in fair market
value due to the volatility of the stock market, and are recorded as long-term
investments.

     A downturn in the equity markets could cause a reduction in revenue since
the number of subscribers and workshop attendees tends to increase in an
upward market. This downturn could have an adverse effect on ZiaSun's
financial position and results of operations; however, ZiaSun believes that
the effect of such adverse conditions would be minimized by its alliances with
third parties, which in some cases provide for guaranteed minimum payments.

                                     -71-

                               ZIASUN MANAGEMENT

Directors and Executive Officers

     The following persons are directors of ZiaSun:

   Name                     Age   Position
   --------------------    -----  ----------------------------------
   D. Scott Elder           43    Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                    Executive Officer
   Allen D. Hardman         60    President, Chief Operating Officer,
                                    Secretary and Director
   Ross W. Jardine          40    Vice President, Chief Financial
                                    Officer and Director
   Hans von Meiss           54    Director
   Christopher D. Outram    51    Director

     There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors
or executive officers, or any other person or persons pursuant to which they
were selected as directors and/or officers.

     D. Scott Elder. Mr. Elder was elected a director of ZiaSun in May 1999,
and as the Chairman of the Board in June 1999. On September 27, 2000, Mr.
Elder was appointed Chief Executive Officer of ZiaSun. From 1994 to 1997, Mr.
Elder owned and operated two consulting businesses, D. Scott Elder &
Associates and the Business Alliance Company, which developed marketing and
training programs. In 1998 Mr. Elder continued to operate the consulting
business of D. Scott Elder & Associates and founded OIA with Ross W. Jardine.
Mr. Elder served as the President of OIA until his appointment as the CEO and
Chairman of the Board of ZiaSun in June 1999. Before devoting himself full
time to OIA, Mr. Elder was the owner of the Business Alliance Company, which
developed joint venture marketing and training programs. Some of the companies
Mr. Elder has developed joint venture projects with include General Mills,
Procter & Gamble, Rubbermaid, and Zane Publishing, a company that markets
educational programs through Amway. Mr. Elder has a degree in Communications
from Brigham Young University and an M.B.A. from the University of Phoenix.

     Allen D. Hardman. Mr. Hardman was appointed a Director and the Vice
President of ZiaSun on October 5, 1999. On September 27, 2000, Mr. Hardman was
appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of ZiaSun. Mr. Hardman earned
an Industrial Engineering Technical Diploma from the University of Utah in
1966 and a Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from California State
University in 1975. Mr. Hardman served as the Managing Director of Business
Development for Roeslein & Associates from June 1993 through June 1997. Mr.
Hardman was the Vice President of Operations of Best Way USA from July 1997
until ZiaSun's spin-off of Best Way USA in October 1998. Mr. Hardman has 35
years of varied business experience, some with small companies and some with
mid-to-large corporations. His work experience includes president for a
company furnishing pre-assembled manufacturing systems on a global basis,
director of business development for industrial manufacturing systems,
national sales manager for systems products, manufacturing engineering,
product and systems engineering, consulting engineering, operations
management, project management for multi-million dollar projects installed
worldwide, manufacturing quality control and customer service management.

     During the last several years, and particularly the last two years, Mr.
Hardman has restructured several small businesses to either establish their
viability as an enterprise and/or increase their operating proficiency and
potential for profitability. He has also been intimately involved in
identifying and establishing some strategic partner alliances and/or joint
ventures. This allowed the companies involved to improve their respective
competitive position(s) in the marketplace through improved product or
intellectual property designs, which resulted from the synergy realized by
combining their individual product offerings.

     Ross W. Jardine. Mr. Jardine was appointed a director of ZiaSun on April
7, 1999, and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on September 27, 2000.
Mr. Jardine is also the President of OIA. Mr. Jardine graduated cum laude from
Brigham Young University in 1987 with a degree in communications. In 1990 Mr.
Jardine founded Jacobson & Jardine, Inc., a Sports Marketing and Promotion
company. Mr. Jardine served as President until August 1994 during which time
Mr. Jardine was responsible for operations and he developed and marketed
licensed

                                     -72-

products for major sporting events. These clients included National
Football League, Indy 500, Kentucky Derby, America's Cup 1992, Nabisco,
Albertsons, Coca Cola, Fisher Price, American Home Products, RJ Reynolds and
many others. In 1994 he became interested in the Internet and moved his
business online. This experience led him to start a consulting business
focused on teaching other business owners how to get their own businesses
online. Mr. Jardine founded Electronic Marketing Services (later renamed
iMALL, Inc.) in 1994 and served as President until January 1996. From January
1996, through August 1997, Mr. Jardine served as speaker/consultant for iMALL.
iMALL went public in 1996 and was recently sold to Excite@home for $425
million.

     In 1997, Mr. Jardine left iMALL to focus on creating a program to train
investors in using the Internet to invest. Together with D. Scott Elder, Mr.
Jardine founded OIA.

     Hans von Meiss. Mr. von Meiss was appointed a director of ZiaSun on
January 17, 2000. Mr. von Meiss received a Bachelors Degree in Economics in
1973 from the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland. After receiving an MBA in
1977 from INSEAD, Fontainebleau, France, he spent seven years in investment
banking with Bankers Trust International Ltd. and Chase Manhattan Ltd. in
London. Then, from 1984 to 1988, Mr. von Meiss served as the CEO of Dr. Ing.
Koenig AG, a leading Swiss service center for flat steel and industrial
fasteners. He spent the following 3 years from 1988 to 1991 in financial
consulting. Then, in 1991, Mr. von Meiss became the CEO of a publicly-quoted
Dutch company after its privatization from the Dutch government, and served in
that position until 1994. In 1994, he became the CEO of Swiss Textile Group
via an acquisition and completed a turnaround and eventual sale of the
business in 1997. Since 1997, Mr. von Meiss has been involved in financial
management and consulting, and pursued investments in Internet-related
businesses. He also serves on the board of an industrial concern, an M&A
consulting company, and his own company, G. von Meiss AG.

     Christopher D. Outram. Mr. Outram was appointed a director of ZiaSun on
April 21, 2000. Mr. Outram received double first class honors in mechanical
engineering and industrial economics in 1972 from the University of Birmingham
in the UK. He also received the Engineering and the Economics prizes for his
course. Following University, Mr. Outram pursued a career in Marketing and
Accountancy with Mobile Oil Company, Air Products Limited and CCL Systems. He
then attended INSEAD Business School in France, where he graduated with an MBA
with distinction. Following 2 years at the world-renowned strategy
consultancy, The Boston Consulting Group, Mr. Outram became Strategic Planning
Director of one of its clients, The Van Gelder Paper Company in the
Netherlands. Two years later Mr. Outram joined Booz Allen & Hamilton in
London, where he was elected Partner in 1986. 1987 saw the creation of OC&C
Strategy Consultants (OC&C) of which Mr. Outram was the founding Director.
OC&C now operates directly and through alliances on a global basis and can
deploy in excess of 200 consultants. OC&C and its sister firms advise clients
on strategy, strategic business development and M&A activity. The consultancy
advises large corporations, as well as smaller start-ups, regarding their
Internet strategies. The combined understanding of the operating dynamics of
both large and small players in the Internet arena has allowed OC&C to develop
very creative and ambitious strategies for its clients. Mr. Outram has also
been instrumental in the creation of e-commerce venturing businesses, both in
Silicon Valley in the U.S., as well as in Europe.

     Other Directorships. No director of ZiaSun or person nominated or chosen
to become a director holds any other directorship in any company with a class
of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject
to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any other company
registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

     Family Relationships. There are no family relationships between any
directors or executive officers of ZiaSun, either by blood or by marriage.

     Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. During the past five years, no
present or former director, executive officer or person nominated to become a
director or an executive officer of ZiaSun:

     (1) was a general partner or executive officer of any business against
     which any bankruptcy petition was filed, either at the time of the
     bankruptcy or two years prior to that time;

     (2) was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending
     criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
     offenses);

                                     -73-

     (3) was subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently
     reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
     permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
     limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
     activities; or

     (4) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
     the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
     Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not
     been reversed, suspended or vacated.

     Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance. Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires ZiaSun's executive officers, directors and persons who
own more than ten percent of ZiaSun common stock, to file initial reports of
beneficial ownership on Form 3, changes in beneficial ownership on Form 4 and
an annual statement of beneficial ownership on Form 5, with the SEC. Such
executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are
required by SEC rules to furnish ZiaSun with copies of all such forms that
they have filed.

     Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by ZiaSun
and representations from certain reporting persons, ZiaSun believes that
during the period from November 16, 1999 (the date which ZiaSun first became
subject to Section 16(a)) until December 31, 2000, all Section 16(a) filing
requirements applicable to its executive officers, directors and ten-percent
stockholders were complied with.

Executive Compensation

     The following table sets forth the aggregate compensation paid by ZiaSun
for services rendered during the periods indicated:

                                                                                                     Long Term Compensation
                                                                                                         Awards Payouts
                                                                                              ------------------------------------
                                                                                              Securities
                                                                  Other Annual    Restricted   Underlying    LTP       All other
                              Year      Salary          Bonus     Compensation     Stock      Option/SAR's  Payouts   Compensation
Name and Principal Position  Ended        ($)            ($)          ($)          Awards         (#)        ($)         ($)
- --------------------------- ------    ----------    -----------   ------------   -----------  ------------ --------   -------------

D. Scott Elder 2 .........    2000    $  117,500    $  204,000    $2,433,065        17,500      25,000       --               --
Chief Executive Officer ..    1999    $  102,360    $   40,930          --            --          --         --       $  378,000
Chairman of the Board ....    1998    $   31,500          --      $  174,127          --          --         --               --

Allen D. Hardman 1........    2000    $  184,692          --      $    6,600        22,365      75,000       --               --
President and COO ........    1999    $  132,000          --            --            --          --         --               --
                              1998    $  132,000          --            --            --          --         --               --

Ross D. Jardine 3.........    2000    $  115,500    $  204,000    $2,435,215        17,500      25,000       --               --
Vice President and .......    1999    $   46,860    $  123,430          --            --          --         --       $  378,000
Chief Financial Officer ..    1998          --            --      $  208,520          --          --         --               --

Hans von Meiss 4 .........    2000          --            --            --          11,445       5,000       --       $  187,500
Director .................    1999          --            --            --            --          --         --               --
                              1998          --            --            --            --          --         --               --

Christopher D. Outram ....    2000          --            --            --          10,350       5,000       --               --
Director .................    1999          --            --            --            --          --         --               --
                              1998          --            --            --            --          --         --               --

Anthony L. Tobin 5 .......    2000          --            --            --            --          --         --               --
Vice President ...........    1999    $  120,000          --            --            --          --         --               --
and COO of Asia Operations    1998    $  121,800          --      $   31,200          --          --         --               --

Dennis E. McGrory 6 ......    2000    $   11,393          --            --            --          --         --               --
Secretary ................    1999          --            --            --            --          --         --               --
                              1998          --            --            --            --          --         --               --

- ---------------
     1    In 2000, Mr. Elder received a base salary of $117,500, a bonus of
          $204,400 and additional compensation of $2,433,065 comprised of
          $2,100,000 received from the purchase of 4,200,000 shares which Mr.
          Elder would have received from the earn-out provided in the OIA
          acquisition agreement, and $333,065 of overrides based on workshop
          attendance. In 1999, Mr. Elder received a base salary of $102,360, a
          bonus of $40,930 and $378,000 in payment of deferred compensation
          from OIA, for total 1999 compensation of

                                     -74-

          $521,290. In 1998, Mr. Elder received a base salary of $31,500,
          consulting fees of $24,127, and $150,000 in payment of deferred
          compensation, for total 1998 compensation of $205,627.

     2    Mr. Hardman, the President and COO of ZiaSun, is currently subject
          to an Employment Agreement with ZiaSun. See "--Employment Contracts"
          below.

     3    In 2000, Mr. Jardine received a base salary of $115,500, a bonus of
          $204,400 and additional compensation of $2,435,215 comprised of
          $2,100,000 received from the purchase of 4,200,000 shares which Mr.
          Jardine would have received from the earn-out provided in the OIA
          acquisition agreement, and $335,215 of overrides based on workshop
          attendance. In 1999, Mr. Jardine received a base salary of $46,860,
          a bonus of $123,430 and $378,000 in payment of deferred compensation
          from OIA, for total 1999 compensation of $548,290. In 1998, Mr.
          Jardine received consulting fees of $58,520 and $150,000 in payment
          of deferred compensation from OIA, for total 1998 compensation of
          $208,520.

     4    In April 2000, ZiaSun authorized and issued 50,000 shares of ZiaSun
          common stock to each of Hans von Meiss and Credico Inc. in
          consideration for their services in introducing The McKenna Group to
          ZiaSun and negotiating the creation of the joint venture funds MKZ
          and MVA. The total book value attributed to the aggregate 100,000
          shares was $375,000.

     5    Mr. Tobin, who resigned as an officer and director of ZiaSun
          effective as of April 21, 2000, is the owner of Crossbow Consultants
          Limited which previously received $10,000 per month from ZiaSun's
          prior subsidiary, Momentum Internet Inc., for the services provided
          by Crossbow Consultants. In 1999, Crossbow received a total of
          $120,000 from ZiaSun's subsidiary, Momentum Internet, for the
          services provided by Crossbow Consultants. On September 13, 2000,
          ZiaSun completed the sale of Momentum Internet, to Vulcan
          Consultants Limited, thereby divesting any interest in Momentum
          Internet, and subsidiaries and Web site of Momentum Internet, which
          ZiaSun had. In 1998, in addition to the $10,000 per month Crossbow
          received, Mr. Tobin through his employment agreement with Momentum
          Associates Limited, a subsidiary of Momentum Internet, also received
          a monthly housing allowance of approximately $2,600 and a management
          fee of approximately $150 per month, for total 1998 compensation of
          $153,000.

     6    Dennis McGrory resigned as the Secretary of ZiaSun on July 12, 2000.

     Employment Contracts. Allen D. Hardman, the President and COO and a
director of ZiaSun has an Employment Agreement with ZiaSun which commenced on
July 1, 1997, for a term of 5 years. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement,
ZiaSun's board of directors may, in its sole discretion, grant raises, bonuses
in an amount not less that the cost of living increase for the greater San
Diego area. Additionally, Mr. Hardman's Employment Agreement contains a stock
option which grants Mr. Hardman the option to purchase 100,000 shares of the
common stock of ZiaSun, at $2.00 per share, subject to adjustment for splits,
in equal installments of 25,000 shares each beginning after one year of
employment for consecutive years. To date Mr. Hardman has exercised the first
three vested portions of the stock option. On August 2, 2000, ZiaSun entered
into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement and Stock Option with Mr.
Hardman. In conjunction with the appointment of Allen D. Hardman as the
President and CEO of ZiaSun, Mr. Hardman received an increase in his annual
salary to $200,000. Additionally, Mr. Hardman was granted an option to
purchase an additional 50,000 shares of common stock of ZiaSun pursuant to the
terms of ZiaSun's 1999 Stock Option Plan, with the exercise price of said
options being the closing price as of the date of execution of the Amended and
Restated Employment Agreement. The option shall vest and be exercisable
immediately with regard to 50% of said option shares, and exercisable with
regard to the remaining 50% of said shares as of May 1, 2002. The options
shall be exercisable for a period of seven years from the date of the grant.

     Stock Options. As stated above Mr. Hardman has a stock option which gives
Mr. Hardman the option to acquire 100,000 (post split adjusted) shares of the
Common Stock of ZiaSun, at $2.00 per share (subject to adjustment for splits),
in equal installments of 25,000 (post split adjusted) shares each beginning
after one year of employment for four consecutive years. Also, pursuant to the
Amended and Restated Agreement of August 2, 2000, mentioned above, Mr. Hardman
has an option to purchase an additional 50,000 shares of common stock of
ZiaSun pursuant to the terms of ZiaSun's 1999 Stock Option Plan, with the
exercise price of said options being the closing price as of the date of
execution of the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement. The option shall
vest and be exercisable immediately with regard to 50% of said option shares,
and exercisable with regard to the remaining 50% of said shares as of May 1,
2002. The options shall be exercisable for a period of seven years from the
date of the grant.

     On December 15, 1999, the board of directors adopted the ZiaSun
Technologies, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan. The ZiaSun 1999 Stock Option Plan
allows ZiaSun to attract and retain employees and directors of ZiaSun and its
subsidiaries and to provide such persons with incentives and awards for
superior performance. The ZiaSun 1999 Stock Option Plan is administered by a
committee appointed by the board of directors of ZiaSun, which has broad
flexibility in designing stock-based incentives. The board of directors
determines the number of shares granted and the option exercise price, but
such exercise price of Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) may not be less than one
hundred percent of the fair market value of common stock on the grant date.

                                     -75-

     Option Grants Table. The following tables reflect certain information,
with respect to stock options granted under ZiaSun's stock option plans to
certain executive officers and directors during 2000.

                    Options/SAR Grants In Last Fiscal Year

                                               % of Total
                              Number of          Options
                             Securities         granted to
                              Underlying       Employees in   Exercise or
                               Options         Fiscal Year     Base Price       Expiration
Name                          Granted (#)         (%)          ($/Sh)(1)          Date
- ----                          -----------      -------------  -----------       -----------

D. Scott Elder .........        25,000             7.30%      $  6.380          04/30/2007
Allen D. Hardman (1)....        25,000             7.30%      $  6.380          04/30/2007
Allen D. Hardman (1)....        50,000            14.60%      $  3.625          06/30/2007
Ross W. Jardine ........        25,000             7.30%      $  6.380          04/30/2007
Hans von Meiss .........         5,000             1.46%      $  2.125          11/19/2007
Christopher Outram .....         5,000             1.46%      $  2.125          11/19/2007
Anthony D. Tobin (2)....          --               0.00%          --                 --
Dennis McGrory (3)......          --               0.00%          --                 --
- ----------

    (1)   Does not include an option granted on May 30, 1997, to purchase
          100,000 shares of common stock at exercise price of $2.00 of which
          75,000 have been exercised. Said options expire on June 30, 2004.

    (2)   Anthony D. Tobin resigned as an officer and director of ZiaSun
          effective as of April 21, 2000.

    (3)   Dennis McGrory resigned as the Secretary of ZiaSun on July 12, 2000.

     Option Exercise and Year End-Value Table. The following tables reflect
certain information, with respect to the exercise of stock options by certain
executive officers during fiscal 2000.

             Aggregated Option Exercises In The Last Fiscal Year

                                                           Number of Securities       Value Of
                                                              Underlying             Unexercised
                                                           Unexercised Options       In-The-Money
                                                              At Fiscal Year          Options At
                                                                  End (#)          Fiscal Year End ($)
                                                           -------------------     ------------------
                        Shares Acquired   Value Realized       Exercisable/           Exercisable/
Name                     On Exercise (#)       ($)            Unexercisable          Unexercisable
- ----                     --------------   --------------   -------------------     ------------------

D. Scott Elder .......         --               --           12,500/12,500              --/--
Allen D. Hardman .....       50,000         $100,000         37,500/62,500              --/--
Ross W. Jardine ......         --               --           12,500/12,500              --/--
Hans von Meiss .......         --               --            1,250/3,750               --/--
Christopher Outram ...         --               --            1,250/3,750               --/--
Anthony D. Tobin (1)..         --               --               --/--                  --/--
Dennis McGrory (2) ...         --               --               --/--                  --/--
- -----

     1    Anthony D. Tobin resigned as an officer and director of ZiaSun
          effective as of April 21, 2000.

     2    Dennis McGrory resigned as the Secretary of ZiaSun on July 12, 2000.

                                     -76-

General Information Concerning the Board of Directors and its Committees

     The board of directors of ZiaSun met on eight occasions during 2000 and
took action by unanimous written consent of the directors on 19 occasions. The
board of directors annually elects from its members an audit committee, stock
option plan committee and compensation committee. Directors D. Scott Elder and
Allen D. Hardman attended 100% of the meetings of the board of directors held
during the period for which they were directors. Directors Hans von Meiss and
Christopher D. Outram, attended 87.5% of the meetings of the board of
directors held during the period for which they were directors, and the
meetings of the committee or committees on which they served during such
period. Director Ross W. Jardine attended 62.5% of the aggregate of the
meetings of the board of directors held during the period for which he was a
director, and the meetings of the committee or committees on which he served
during such period.

Audit Committee

     The audit committee reviews the scope of ZiaSun's audit, the engagement
of its independent auditors and their audit reports. The audit committee meets
with the financial staff to review accounting procedures and reports. The
audit committee is currently composed of three directors: Ross W. Jardine,
Hans von Meiss, and Christopher D. Outram. The audit committee did not
formally meet during 2000, separate from the regular meetings of the board of
directors or telephonic board meetings at which audit committee matters were
discussed with all or a majority of the directors present.

Stock Option Plan Committee

     The stock option plan committee has the authority to grant stock options
under ZiaSun's 1999 Stock Option Plan (the "ZiaSun Plan") by execution of
instruments in writing in a form approved by the stock option committee.
Pursuant to the express terms and conditions of the ZiaSun Plan, the stock
option plan committee has full power to construe the ZiaSun Plan and the terms
of any option granted under the ZiaSun Plan, to prescribe, amend and rescind
rules and regulations relating to the ZiaSun Plan or options and to make all
other determinations necessary or advisable for the ZiaSun Plan's
administration. The stock option plan committee is currently composed of two
directors: Ross W. Jardine, and Allen D. Hardman.

Compensation Committee

     The compensation committee evaluates ZiaSun's compensation policies. The
current members of the compensation committee are three directors: Ross W.
Jardine, Hans von Meiss, and Christopher D. Outram. The compensation committee
did not formally meet during 2000, separate from the regular meetings of the
board of directors or telephonic board meetings meetings at which compensation
committee matters were discussed with all or a majority of the directors
present.

Compensation Committee Interlock and Insider Participation

     Compensation decisions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
pertaining to the compensation of ZiaSun President and Chief Operating Officer
Allen D. Hardman were made at a regular meeting of the board of directors in
April 2000. The full board was present along with all three members of
ZiaSun's compensation committee, Ross W. Jardine, currently Chief Financial
Officer, Hans von Meiss, and Christopher D. Outram. The compensation of D.
Scott Elder and Ross W. Jardine for the fiscal year 2000 was paid by and
through ZiaSun's wholly owned subsidiary OIA, which compensation was
established by the OIA board of directors, consisting of D. Scott Elder, Ross
W. Jardine, Scott Harris and David McCoy. The compensation committee of ZiaSun
did not participate in the OIA board of directors' deliberations or voting
concerning the compensation of Messrs. Elder and Jardine. The ZiaSun board of
directors at a regular meeting, however, did grant a $500,000 cash bonus to
the former OIA principals, D. Scott Elder, Ross W. Jardine, Scott Harris and
David McCoy, to be distributed as determined by Messrs. Elder and Jardine.

                                     -77-

ZiaSun Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation

     This report on executive compensation is required by the SEC and shall
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by any general statement
incorporating by reference this joint proxy statement/prospectus into any
filing under the Securities Act, or under the Exchange Act, except to the
extent that ZiaSun specifically incorporates this information by reference,
and shall not otherwise be deemed soliciting material or filed under the
Securities Act, or under the Exchange Act.

     The compensation committee of the board of directors administers ZiaSun's
executive compensation program. The current members of the compensation
committee are Ross W. Jardine, Hans von Meiss, and Christopher D. Outram.
Except for Mr. Jardine, these persons are each a non-employee director within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Act, and an "outside director"
within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.

General Compensation Philosophy

     The role of the compensation committee and the stock option plan
committee is to review, and set the salaries and other compensation of the
executive officers and certain other key employees of ZiaSun, and to make
grants under, and to administer, the stock option. ZiaSun's compensation
philosophy for executive officers is to relate compensation to corporate
performance and increases in stockholder value, while providing a total
compensation package that is competitive and enables ZiaSun to attract,
motivate, reward and retain key executives and employees. Accordingly, each
executive officer's compensation package may, in one or more years, be
comprised of the following three elements:

     o    base salary that is designed primarily to be competitive with base
          salary levels in similar e-finance and investor education companies
          that are of comparable size to ZiaSun and with which ZiaSun competes
          for executive personnel;

     o    annual variable performance awards, such as bonuses, payable in cash
          and tied to the achievement of performance goals, financial or
          otherwise, established by the compensation committee; and

     o    long-term stock-based incentive awards which strengthen the
          mutuality of interests between the executive officers and ZiaSun's
          stockholders.

Executive Compensation

     Base Salary. Salaries for executive officers were generally determined on
an individual basis by evaluating each executive's scope of responsibility,
performance, prior experience and salary history, as well as the salaries for
similar positions at comparable companies.

     Annual Incentive Awards. Other than the bonus granted by the full board
of directors and the stock options granted by the stock option plan committee,
no other annual incentive awards were granted during fiscal year ended
December 31, 2000. Going forward, the compensation committee will consider
several factors including:

     o    the position held by the executive to whom the bonus was paid;

     o    total compensation paid by comparable companies to similarly
          situated executives;

     o    the performance of the executive;

     o    the development of ZiaSun's operations as measured by its growth in
          revenues, the decline of the ratio of expenses to revenues and the
          level of its loss per share; and

     o    the perceived increase in the value of ZiaSun's business in light of
          factors, including market capitalization, and commercial
          transactions, and relative market position against competitors.

                                     -78-

     From time to time the compensation committee considers various
discretionary incentive compensation alternatives for ZiaSun's executives.

     Long-Term Incentive Awards. The stock option plan committee believes that
equity-based compensation in the form of stock options links the interests of
executive officers with the long-term interests of ZiaSun's stockholders and
encourages executive officers to remain in ZiaSun's employ. Stock options
generally have value for executive officers only if the price of ZiaSun's
shares of common stock increases above the fair market value of a share of
common stock on the grant date and the officer remains in ZiaSun's employ for
the period required for the shares granted to such person to vest.

     In 2000, ZiaSun granted stock options in accordance with the 1999 Stock
Option Plan. During April 2000 and March 2001, stock options were granted to
certain executive officers as incentives to aid in the retention of executive
officers and to align their interests with those of the stockholders. Stock
options typically have been granted to executive officers when the executive
first joins ZiaSun. At the discretion of the stock option plan committee,
executive officers may also be granted stock options to provide greater
incentives to continue their employment with ZiaSun and to strive to increase
the value of ZiaSun's common stock. The number of shares subject to each stock
option granted is within the discretion of the stock option plan committee and
is based on anticipated future contribution and ability to impact ZiaSun's
results, past performance or consistency within the officer's peer group. In
April 2001, ZiaSun granted 272,400 stock options, 50% of which generally
become exercisable on May 1, 2000 and 50% of which became exercisable on May
1, 2002, each at a price that was equal to the fair market value of ZiaSun's
common stock on the date of grant. In March 2000, ZiaSun granted 1,366,500
stock options which generally become exercisable over a four year period
commencing on March 29, 2002, and were granted at a price that was equal to
the fair market value of ZiaSun's common stock on the date of grant.

Chief Executive Officer Compensation

     As stated above, Mr. Elder's base salary, target bonus, bonus paid and
long-term incentive awards for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, were
determined by the board of directors of OIA. The compensation committee of
ZiaSun did not participate in the OIA board of directors' deliberations or
voting concerning Mr. Elder's compensation.

Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) Limitation

     The compensation committee has considered the potential impact of Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code on the compensation paid to ZiaSun's
executive officers. Section 162(m) disallows a tax deduction for the
compensation paid to certain executives of publicly-held corporations in
excess of $1,000,000 in any taxable year. The $1,000,000 limitation applies
per executive per year and only to the compensation paid to the chief
executive officer and the four highest compensated executive officers, and
provided such compensation is not performance-based. In general, it is the
compensation committee's policy to qualify its executives' compensation for
deductibility under applicable tax laws, although from time to time the
compensation committee will consider and award compensation not so qualified
under appropriate circumstances.

                                                The Compensation Committee

                                                Ross W. Jardine
                                                Hans von Meiss
                                                Christopher D. Outram

ZiaSun Audit Committee Report

     The following audit committee report is provided in accordance with the
rules and regulations of the SEC. Pursuant to such rules and regulations, this
report shall not be deemed "soliciting materials," filed with the SEC, subject
to Regulation 14A or 14C of the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section
18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall the audit committee report be deemed to be
incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference
this joint proxy statement/prospectus into any filing under the Securities Act
or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that ZiaSun specifically
incorporates this information by reference.

                                     -79-

     The audit committee oversees ZiaSun's financial reporting process on
behalf of its board of directors. Management has the primary responsibility
for the financial statements, the reporting process and the systems of
internal controls. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the committee
reviewed the audited financial statements in the annual report with
management. As part of its review, the committee discussed the quality, and
not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness
of significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial
statements.

     The committee as a whole and each individual member of the audit
committee reviewed with the independent auditors, who are responsible for
expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements
with generally accepted accounting principles, their judgments as to the
quality, not just the acceptability, of ZiaSun's accounting principles and
such other matters as are required to be discussed with the committee under
generally accepted accounting principles.

     The committee discussed with the independent auditors the overall scope
and plans for their audits. The committee meets with the independent auditors
to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of ZiaSun's
internal controls, and the overall quality of its financial reporting.

     In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the
committee recommended to the board of directors (and the board of directors
approved) that the audited financial statements be included in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 for filing with the
SEC.

     Management has advised us that for the year ended December 30, 2000,
ZiaSun paid fees to BDO Siedman, LLP for services in the following categories:

       Audit fees                                $ 117,298.00
       Financial information systems design      $       0
           and Implementation fees
       All other Fees                            $  49,470.00

                                                 The Audit Committee
                                                 Ross W. Jardine
                                                 Hans von Meiss
                                                 Christopher D. Outram

Stock Performance Graph

     The following Performance Graph summarizes the cumulative total
shareholder return on an investment of $100.00 on May 15, 1997, the date on
which quotations for ZiaSun common stock first appeared on the OTC Bulletin
Board of the NASD, through December 31, 2000, as compared to the cumulative
total return on a similar investment of $100.00 on that date in stocks
comprising the Russell 2000 Stock Index and a management constructed peer
group consisting solely of Wade Cook Financial Corp. ZiaSun believes that the
Russell 2000 Stock Index presents the best comparision for Ziaun since it
measures the performance of small cap companies. Further, Wade Cook Financial
Corp., is the only true "peer" of ZiaSun, being the only publicly traded
company which markets business and education seminars, and materials, similar
to ZiaSun's products or markets its products through a similar marketing
channel. Such determination was made based on ZiaSun's business on a
go-forward basis, exclusive of its discontinued operations.

     Neither ZiaSun, Wade Cook Financial Corp. or the Russell 2000 Stock Index
paid any cash dividends on their stock during the measurement periods. The
performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance.

                                     -80-

[Performance Graph for ZiaSun, Wade Cook Financial Corp. and the Russell 2000
 Stock Index]

                   15-May-97  31-Dec-97  31-Dec-98  31-Dec-99  31-Dec-000
                   ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ----------
ZiaSun              $100.00   $ 55.56     $ 98.77   $287.65     $ 22.22
Wade Cook           $100.00   $104.30     $ 10.94   $  4.69     $  3.13
Russell 2000        $100.00   $119.43     $115.32   $137.94     $132.14

Certain Relationships and Related Transaction with Directors and Executive
Officers

     Shares Issued Under OIA Acquisition Agreement, as Amended. In accordance
with the terms of the original OIA acquisition agreement, the former OIA
stockholders, D. Scott Elder, Ross W. Jardine, David McCoy and Scott Harris,
were to receive one share of ZiaSun common stock for each $0.50 of earnings
before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for the
year from April 1, 1999 through March 31, 2000. OIA's audited EBITDA earnings
during this period were $10,910,076. Accordingly, ZiaSun would owe 21,820,152
shares of its common stock at March 31, 2000, to the former OIA stockholders.
The value of these shares at March 31 was $248,204,230. This value would have
been added to the goodwill on ZiaSun's balance sheet.

     However, pursuant to negotiations between ZiaSun and the former OIA
stockholders, and their joint recognition that it would clearly not be in the
best interests of ZiaSun to have such a large goodwill burden going forward,
ZiaSun and the former OIA stockholders agreed to amend the original terms and
conditions of the earn-out. An agreement was reached wherein the former OIA
stockholders would exchange 12,000,000 of the earn-out shares, to which they
were originally entitled, for $6,000,000 in cash. An agreement was reached on
May 9, 2000.

     Therefore, under the terms and conditions of the amended earn-out
agreement, the former OIA stockholders received 9,820,152 shares (of which
5,000,000 had been previously issued and were held in escrow), rather than the
21,820,152 shares as set forth in the original agreement. This reduced the
goodwill burden to ZiaSun by $138,646,269, from $248,204,230 to $109,557,961,
and this is the value that was added to ZiaSun's balance sheet going forward
from April 1, 2000.

     Due to the accrual of a liability for sales taxes payable by OIA, ZiaSun
and the former OIA stockholders have determined that a further adjustment to
the number of shares received by the former OIA stockholders pursuant to the
earn-out may be required. ZiaSun and Messrs. Elder, Jardine, McCoy and Harris
have agreed that if any sales tax liability is assessed for sales made by OIA
during the earn-out-period, (i) ZiaSun will be solely responsible for the
payment of the first $554,000 of these taxes and (ii) Messrs. Elder, Jardine,
McCoy and Harris will return to ZiaSun on a pro rata basis one share of ZiaSun
common stock for each $0.50 that these taxes exceed $554,000.

                                     -81-

     Generation Marketing, LLC. D. Scott Elder, Ross Jardine, David McCoy and
Scott Harris, each an officer and/or a director of ZiaSun and/or OIA, each
owns a 20% interest in Generation Marketing, LLC, which conducts business with
OIA. Generation Marketing is a newly formed media marketing company managed by
an ex-employee of the company previously used to handle OIA's marketing
requirements. In the second half of 2000, OIA began contracting with
Generation Marketing for international marketing services and paid Generation
Marketing approximately $40,000. In 2001, OIA transferred all its marketing
business to Generation Marketing and through April 30, 2001 has made payments
approximating $750,000. ZiaSun believes the rates charged by Generation
Marketing to OIA for these services are competitive in the marketplace.

Beneficial Ownership of Securities

     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. The following table sets
forth security ownership information as of the close of business on March 31,
2001, for any person or group known by ZiaSun to own more than 5% of ZiaSun's
voting securities.

     Title of            Name of              Amount of       Percent of
      Class          Beneficial Owner         Ownership         Class
- ----------------    --------------------     -----------      -----------
   Common Stock       D. Scott Elder          3,804,553         11.64%
   Common Stock       Ross W. Jardine         3,804,553         11.64%
   Common Stock       Momentum Media Ltd.     3,499,980         10.70%

     Security Ownership of Management. The following table sets forth security
ownership information as of the close of business on March 31, 2001, for
individuals or entities in the following categories at ZiaSun's fiscal year
end: (i) each director, (ii) each named executive officer listed in the
"Summary Compensation Table" set forth herein, and (iii) all directors and
executive officers as a group.

                                            Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership
                                   ----------------------------------------------------
                                                   Presently
Executive Officers, Directors       Common        Exercisable
And Principal Shareholders           Stock          Options       Total        Percent
- -----------------------------       -----------    ---------    ---------     ---------

D. Scott Elder (1)                    3,804,553       12,500    3,817,053       11.67%
Allen D. Hardman (1)                     97,365       37,500      134,865          *
Ross W. Jardine (1)                   3,804,553       12,500    3,817,053       11.67%
Hans von Meiss (2)                      274,445        2,500      276,045          *
Christopher D. Outram1                   22,800        2,500       25,300          *
Anthony L. Tobin                             --           --           --           --
Dennis E. McGrory                            --           --           --           --
All Directors and Officers            8,003,716       65,000   8,070,3176       24.68%
as a Group
- ---------
    * Represents less than one percent

    (1)   Each person has sole investment power and sole voting power over the
          shares listed unless otherwise indicated.

    (2)   Includes shares, as to which beneficial ownership is disclaimed of
          113,000 shares held for the benefit of family members.

     To the best of ZiaSun's knowledge there are no present arrangements or
pledges of ZiaSun's securities which may result in a change in control of
ZiaSun.

                                     -82-

                              TELESCAN BUSINESS

General

     Telescan is committed to helping investors improve their investment
results through advice and the educated use of proprietary investment search
tools. Telescan provides financial products and services marketed through two
divisions. Telescan's marketing divisions are:

     o    The Consumer Division delivers premium investment advice and
          education to individual investors online through two Web properties,
          INVESTools.com and WallStreetCity.com. INVESTools.com publishes
          actionable investment advice and education, and WallStreetCity.com
          is well known for its investment search tool, ProSearch. The
          Consumer Division also offers private-label subscription marketing
          and e-mail list management services to marquee clients like Gilder
          Publishing, TheStreet.com, TradingMarkets.com and StockJungle.

     o    The Business-to-Business Division offers an array of online
          financial solutions to businesses seeking to expand their offerings
          online and gain greater cost efficiency through outsourcing. The
          Business-to-Business Division's clients include many of the nation's
          leading financial services and media companies, including America
          Online, American Express, BusinessWeek Online, Forbes and Quick &
          Reilly/Fleet National Bank.

Corporate Background

     Telescan or its predecessors have operated the business of Telescan since
1983. Telescan, which is a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 1988
under the name Max Ret, Inc. for the purpose of acquiring or participating in
a business opportunity. In 1989, Telescan issued 75% of its then outstanding
common stock to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of D.B.
Technology, Inc. ("DB"), d.b.a. Telescan, Inc. After the acquisition of DB by
Telescan, DB was merged into Telescan and Telescan changed its name from Max
Ret, Inc. to Telescan, Inc.

     On May 28, 1999, Telescan completed the acquisition of INVESTools, Inc.
pursuant to which the sellers exchanged all of their shares of INVESTools,
Inc. for shares of Telescan common stock in a business combination that was
accounted for as a pooling-of-interests.

Services and Products

     Consumer Division. The Consumer Division publishes premium investment
advice, education, tools and analytics for individual investors online through
two Web properties, INVESTools.com and WallStreetCity.com. In addition, the
Consumer Division operates a subscription marketing service and an e-mail list
management service. The division manages more than 40,000 paying subscribers.

     INVESTools.com is a leading investment advice Web site featuring
continually updated portfolio advice from recognized money managers. The site
receives 300,000 unique visitors per month and provides more than 200,000
investors with a free weekly e-mail digest of recommendations. Customers pay a
monthly fee to access content delivered by 34 investment advisors. The content
is enhanced by interactive online tools such as e-mail hotlines, discussion
threads and portfolio alerts. INVESTools.com differentiates itself from
standard investment newsletter Web sites by developing and supporting online
interfaces that encourage interactive relationships between advisors and
subscribers, and among the subscribers themselves.

     WallStreetCity.com is the culmination of Telescan's 18 years of
dedication to create the most dynamic, innovative financial analysis tools now
available on the Internet. The site provides investors with a comprehensive
historical market database, free real-time quotes, streaming real-time data
feeds, in-depth industry group analysis and powerful investment search and
portfolio tools. WallStreetCity.com is well known for its ProSearch screening
application, which is available to end-users. With ProSearch, users can build
customized searches or select pre-built searches that are complemented with
commentary and education from WallStreetCity analysts. Through a strategic

                                     -83-

alliance with TradingMarkets.com, users also gain access to investment courses
written by professional traders with a proven track record of success. While a
wealth of information is available on the site at no charge, Telescan's
cutting edge search technology and streaming real-time data are available only
to paid subscribers.

     The Subscription Marketing Service helps online financial information
companies acquire subscribers to online subscription products and realize
maximum life time value from those subscribers. Well known investment sites
like Gilder Publishing and TheStreet.com benefit from the Consumer Division's
subscription marketing expertise and infrastructure.

     The E-mail Marketing Service helps online financial information companies
manage their e-mail lists, send value-added e-mail content and track
advertising results. Through strategic alliances with StockJungle.com,
FreeRealTime.com and TradingMarkets.com, the number of registered e-mail
addresses under management or represented by the division's advertising sales
force increased to 1.1 million during 2000.

     Business-to-Business Division. As an Application Service Provider (ASP),
Telescan's Business-to-Business Division offers businesses of varying sizes an
array of online financial solutions to meet the unique requirements of each
customer's Internet business strategy, along with site development and hosting
services. Financial online solutions include quotes, news, reports, charts,
portfolio tools, equity and mutual fund screening tools, Telescan commentary
and a growing list of third-party products. Solutions can be developed and
operational in a fraction of the time and cost it would take an organization
to do it independently, without major investments in hardware, networking or
technical support.

     Telescan's Custom Solutions application services product offers
businesses a private-labeled or co-branded solution, customized financial
content and a unique "look and feel." During 2000, Telescan extended its
existing business relationship with OIA, a wholly owned subsidiary of ZiaSun
and entered into new relationships with BusinessWeek Online, CompuServe,
Forbes, Quick & Reilly/Fleet National Bank and StockWalk Group. Each
relationship represents a unique opportunity for Telescan and is an
endorsement of the value of Telescan's proprietary technology.

     During 2000, Telescan introduced QuickTools, a new application services
product. QuickTools delivers a high value, low cost, financially oriented Web
site to small and mid-sized companies seeking a fast and affordable Internet
strategy solution. QuickTools' packaged applications include such tools as
stock quotes, graphs, portfolio and news reports, along with "Quick Search," a
feature-rich, easy-to-use stock and mutual fund screening tool. Content within
each packaged application is organized in easy-to-use templates that can be
quickly added into a customer's existing Web site. Application packages vary
depending upon the level of content received and require a minimum one-year
contract.

Business Strategy

     In late 1999, Telescan began to pursue an aggressive three to five-year
growth target to penetrate global markets and to expand organically and
through acquisitions. As Telescan witnessed the weakness in the Internet
financial marketplace during 2000, particularly related to technology
companies, Telescan reevaluated its business strategy and made adjustments
designed to ensure Telescan would emerge as a key player in the industry. As
part of this reevaluation, Telescan began refocusing its attention on its core
domestic operations and made organizational and governance changes designed to
enhance growth. Telescan's resulting strategy seeks to expand Telescan's
revenue base and scale Telescan's cost structure in line with revenues.
Management will execute this strategy through: 1) new products and technology;
2) new market penetration; and 3) mergers with or acquisitions of
complementary businesses.

                                     -84-

     New Products and Technology. Telescan reviewed its product offerings and
determined that additional products and services would need to be added to
sustain market leadership. To enhance existing offerings, Telescan added new
products and services through relationships with third parties and redesigned
its WallStreetCity.com Web site.

     The Consumer Division introduced several new products during 2000 through
its INVESTools.com Web property. New products included:

     o    "Schaeffer's Internet Stock Alert" and "10 Days to Successful
          Options Trading" by Bernie Schaeffer

     o    "The Pure Fundamentalist" by Alvin Toral

     o    "The Technology Digest" by Nancy Zambell

     o    "The MoneyPaper" by Vita Nelson

     o    "The Buyback Premium Portfolio" by David Fried

     o    "FXC's Top 10 Stock Picks for 2001 Report" by Frank Curzio

     o    "The 2001 Investor Survival Guide"

     New partners are chosen based on their successful long-term track record,
the ability to clearly communicate with subscribers on a regular basis and the
ability to stick to an understandable, actionable investing style that serves
to immediately benefit users. Although this approach limits the number of
advisors Telescan will work with, it reinforces INVESTools.com's position as a
trusted distributor of investment advice in the marketplace. During 2000, the
Consumer Division also relaunched WallStreetCity.com with a new interface
allowing investors to easily navigate the site's powerful suite of analytical
tools. The redesigned site features a new floating stock ticker and redesigned
portfolios.

     With the addition of third-party products from FinanceCenter.com,
Money.net, Prophet Financial and TeamVest, Telescan continues to offer its
business clients a unique set of solutions to meet their changing needs.

     In addition to new products, Telescan modified its technology during 2000
to build a stable, scalable platform for the future and to support Telescan's
product development culture. Changes made to Telescan's technological platform
created a more flexible and modularized architecture. In addition,
implementation of caching technology increased the speed and performance of
Telescan's hosting services.

     Telescan also expanded its offerings to wireless platforms, including
Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) enabled cellular phones and the Palm(TM)
VII and modem equipped Palm V series of handheld computers.

     Market Penetration. Telescan redirected its focus to the domestic market
and will continue to concentrate its efforts on penetrating the previously
untapped middle market of small and mid-sized companies. Telescan began to
market its QuickTools application services product more aggressively during
the second half of 2000, following completion of changes to Telescan's
technology platform. Combined with Telescan's Custom Solutions application
services product and the products and services from the Consumer Division,
Telescan believes it has the broadest set of products to meet the needs of the
markets Telescan serves.

     As a result of changes in the Internet and the high technology industries
during 2000, Telescan began redirecting its focus from aggressive global
expansion to keeping pace with the changing market and meeting clients' needs.
With the addition of multiple foreign exchanges to Telescan's products and
services throughout 2000, Telescan believes current market data feeds are
sufficient to meet anticipated demands at this time. Telescan will continue to
explore opportunities to penetrate global markets, particularly in Europe,
Asia and Latin America.

     Mergers & Acquisitions. During 2000, Telescan evaluated a number of
opportunities to add key technologies, enhance market presence and complement
existing products and services through merger and acquisition activities.
Aggressive consolidation within the technology and financial services
industries continues to

                                     -85-

encourage Telescan to explore merger and acquisition opportunities to add
products and/or technologies, increase market share, add to critical mass and
improve liquidity.

Marketing

     Telescan's marketing objectives are focused on increasing the number of
new customers, selling additional products and services to existing customers
and lowering customer acquisition costs. Telescan utilizes public relations
campaigns, e-mail and print advertising, banner ads, joint marketing
agreements and trade show participation as marketing tools to achieve these
objectives. Customer retention is also an integral component in Telescan's
marketing strategy. Maintaining and developing the existing customer base is
accomplished by providing comprehensive and high quality data, ongoing content
and product updates, offering customer training and conducting reactivation
campaigns to encourage inactive customers to return.

Customers

     Telescan has an agreement with BPI Communications, Inc. ("BPI") to
provide BPI hosting and development services for multiple BPI Web sites.
Revenue for these services represented 12% and 10% of total revenue for 2000
and 1999, respectively. This agreement was amended on December 31, 2000, to a
fixed fee arrangement for the first three months of 2001 and then the
agreement and the fees are renewed month-to-month thereafter. Revenue from
these services accounted for 6% and 11% of total revenue for the quarters
ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

     Telescan has a license agreement with NBC, whereby NBC uses Telescan's
proprietary Internet technology for use on CNBC.com, a comprehensive Web site
for personal finance. Under the agreement, Telescan developed the financial
content portion of the CNBC.com Web site and currently provides hosting
services for such content. Revenue from these services accounted for 10% and
13% of total revenue in 2000 and 1999, respectively, and 10% and 15% of total
revenue for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
Telescan generates revenue under the agreement from cost reimbursement, fixed
monthly license fees and a percentage of advertising revenue generated from
the site. If the merger is consummated, NBC will be entitled to terminate this
agreement.

     There were no other customers that generated greater than 10% revenue in
2000, 1999, 1998 or in the first quarter of 2001.

Proprietary Rights

     Telescan attempts to protect its trade secrets and other proprietary
information with product development partners, employees and consultants
through nondisclosure agreements, contract provisions and copyright, patent,
trademark and trade secret laws. With respect to technologies that Telescan
has licensed to third parties for use in specific applications or platforms,
Telescan has entered into technology licensing agreements, which are intended
to protect the proprietary rights of Telescan related to the source code of
Telescan's products as a trade secret and as an unpublished copyright work.

     Telescan believes that its products, trademarks and other proprietary
rights do not infringe on the proprietary rights of third parties, and
Telescan is not aware of any current infringement claims against Telescan.

Competition

     Telescan competes with companies that operate proprietary platforms
and/or Internet financial Web sites, many of which have significantly greater
financial, technical and marketing resources than Telescan. Despite recent
market volatility, new competitors continue to enter the marketplace as a
result of perceived future opportunities. Telescan believes the principal
competitive factors in the Internet financial services market include system
performance, product differentiation, quality of content, user friendliness,
price, customer support, effective marketing techniques and the ability to
earn a profit. With a redirected focus towards profitability, Telescan
believes that it competes effectively in these areas. However, continued
competitive pressures could result in price reductions, increased spending on
product development and reduced market share, which could adversely affect
Telescan's financial condition and operating results. Telescan believes that
its revenue expansion strategy to: 1) add

                                     -86-

new products and technology; 2) penetrate new markets; and 3) merge with or
acquire complementary businesses, will serve to lessen the impact of future
competitive pressures on Telescan.

Employees

     As of June 30, 2001, Telescan had ___ full-time employees. Although
Telescan experienced a series of layoffs in 2000 and early 2001 to align
staffing and expenses with forecasted revenues, Telescan believes that its
relationship with its employees is good. In an effort to motivate and retain
Telescan's remaining core talent pool in the existing tight employment market,
Telescan accelerated the annual distribution of fiscal year 2001 stock option
awards to the staff and management to October 2000. Additionally, Telescan
vested all outstanding stock options, most of which had an exercise price that
was significantly higher than Telescan's current stock price. None of
Telescan's employees is represented by a labor union and Telescan has never
experienced a work stoppage.

Governmental Regulation

     Telescan is not subject to direct regulation other than regulation
generally applicable to businesses. However, changes in the regulatory
environment relating to the Internet industry could have an effect on
Telescan's business, financial condition and operating results. Telescan is
unable at this time to predict the impact, if any, future regulation may have
on its business. While not currently regulated, there is a possibility that
Telescan may become subject to laws governing investment advisors or other
securities professionals. Regulations in this area are complex and ensuring
compliance could cause a financial burden and become a time consuming process.

Description of Property

     Telescan's principal executive offices, as well as its principal
marketing, computer operations and product development activities, are located
in leased facilities in Houston, Texas, consisting of a total of 77,116 square
feet. Telescan also leases office space for marketing and administrative
personnel in New York, New York and Menlo Park, California.

     In an effort to further reduce costs, Telescan is exploring options to
sub-lease excess office space, primarily located at Telescan's Houston
facility, while maintaining adequate reserves for future needs.

Legal Proceedings

     From time to time Telescan is involved in certain legal actions arising
in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management that such
litigation will be resolved without a material effect on Telescan's financial
position or results of operations. In August 2000, a lawsuit was filed against
Telescan in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York by a former employee alleging that Telescan failed to grant him certain
stock options to which he was entitled. Telescan has responded to the
complaint and the case is proceeding before the court. Although no assurances
can be given, Telescan believes that the ultimate resolution of the litigation
will not have a material adverse impact on Telescan's financial position or
results of operations.

                                     -87-

Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information

     Telescan common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "TSCN." The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
high and low closing prices for the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq
National Market. The bid prices reflect inter-dealer quotations, do not
include retail markups, markdowns or commissions and do not necessarily
represent actual transactions.

                                          Common Stock Prices
                                         ---------------------
                                           High          Low
                                         ---------    --------

Quarter ended March 31* ..............   $22.94       $ 7.50
Quarter ended June 30* ...............    26.38        16.50
Quarter ended September 30 ...........    24.31        13.25
Quarter ended December 31 ............    32.88        14.06

Quarter ended March 31 ...............   $27.50      $ 17.72
Quarter ended June 30 ................    23.88         7.06
Quarter ended September 30 ...........     8.25         1.81
Quarter ended December 31 ............     2.81         0.97

Quarter ended March 31 ...............   $ 2.06      $  0.50
Quarter ended June 30
Quarter ended September 30
 (through ___, 2001)

- --------------
*    Telescan's stock was traded on the Nasdaq Small-Cap Market prior to July
     1, 1999.

     On May 3, 2001, the last full trading day before our announcement of the
signing of the merger agreement, the closing price of Telescan common stock
was $0.80 per share, the high price was $0.82 per share and the low price was
$0.80 per share. On __________ __, 2001, the closing price of Telescan common
stock was $____ per share, the high price was $____ per share and the low
price was $____ per share.

     The dividend rate on Telescan's preferred stock through December 31, 2000
was $1.25 per share per year. In January 2001, holders of Telescan's preferred
stock exchanged all of their stock for a new class of preferred stock paying a
dividend rate equal to $1 per share per year. Telescan has paid these
dividends to holders of preferred stock on a quarterly basis. Telescan has
never declared a cash dividend on its common stock. The Board of Directors
currently intends to retain all earnings for use in Telescan's business, and
therefore, does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its common stock
in the foreseeable future. The declaration of dividends, if any, in the future
would be subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors, which may
consider factors such as Telescan's results of operations, financial
condition, capital needs and acquisition strategy, among other things. See
"Telescan Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and Telescan's consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto.

                                     -88-

         SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF TELESCAN

     The following table sets forth certain of Telescan's summary historical
consolidated financial information. The summary historical consolidated
financial information as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1996,
1997, 1998 and 1999 has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction
with, Telescan's audited historical consolidated financial statements and the
notes thereto, which have been audited by Hein + Associates LLP, independent
auditors, and which, in the case of the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998
and 1999, are attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The summary
historical consolidated financial information as of and for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000 has been derived from, and should be read in
conjunction with, Telescan's audited historical consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto, which have been audited by Arthur Andersen
LLP, independent auditors, and which are attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The summary historical consolidated financial
information as of and for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2000 and 2001
has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, Telescan's
unaudited historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In Telescan's opinion, all
adjustments (which consist only of normal recurring entries) considered
necessary for a fair presentation have been included in Telescan's unaudited
financial statements. Interim results for the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
2001 are not necessarily indicative of, or projections for, the results to be
expected for the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2001. The following
summary historical consolidated financial information should be read in
conjunction with the sections entitled "Selected Historical Consolidated
Financial Data of Telescan" and "Telescan Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" below and with consolidated
financial statements of Telescan and the notes thereto attached to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

                                            Quarters Ended
Statement of Operations                        March 31,                             Years Ended December 31,
                                         -----------------------   --------------------------------------------------------
                                            2001        2000         2000         1999        1998         1997      1996
                                         ------------  ---------   ---------    ---------   ---------   ---------  --------
                                                                (in thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenue .............................    $  5,863     $  9,827     $ 35,938     $ 26,438    $ 15,234    $ 16,467   $ 13,721

Earnings (loss) before other
  income and special charges .......       (1,321)        (521)      (6,457)      (2,998)     (6,277)     (1,496)    (4,130)
Write down of assets and other
  charges ..........................         (701)      (1,500)     (11,742)          --      (1,530)         --         --
Cost of acquisition
  opportunities ....................           --           --       (5,009)      (3,287)         --          --         --
Other income (expense)                         23       12,245       (7,436)         435        (413)        341        349

Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations ............       (1,999)       8,183      (30,644)      (5,850)     (8,220)     (1,155)    (3,781)
 Net income (loss) .................     $ (1,999)    $  8,183     $(30,644)    $ (5,850)   $ (8,201)   $ (1,174)$   (3,781)

Net income (loss) per common
  share from continuing
  operations
    Basic ..........................     $  (0.12)    $   0.49     $  (1.85)    $  (0.39)   $  (0.66)   $  (0.10)   $ (0.32)
                                         ========     ========     ========     ========    ========    ========    ========
    Diluted ........................     $  (0.12)    $   0.47        (1.85)    $  (0.39)   $  (0.66)   $  (0.10)   $ (0.32)
                                         ========     ========     ========     ========    ========    ========    ========

Weighted average common
  shares outstanding
    Basic .........................        16,296       16,633       16,665       15,486      12,654      12,203     11,655
                                         ========     ========     ========     ========    ========    ========    ========
    Diluted .......................        16,296       17,469       16,665       15,486      12,654      12,203     11,655
                                         ========     ========     ========     ========    ========    ========    ========

                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data                        March 31, 2001            2000         1999          1998        1997        1996
                                         ---------------           ------       ------       -------     -------     -------
                                                                            (in thousands)

Working capital .....................          $ (1,774)         $  4,156     $ 10,049      $   (641)   $    956    $    436
Total assets ........................            14,642            19,440       82,899        13,401      13,178      11,673
Total long-term obligations .........                18                46       11,500         2,366         507         784

Total stockholders' equity ..........             6,159             9,427       57,770         4,771       9,160       7,750

      TELESCAN MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                          AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Business Overview

     Telescan is committed to helping investors improve their investment
results through advice and the educated use of proprietary investment search
tools. Telescan provides financial products and services marketed through two
divisions. Telescan's marketing divisions are:

     o    The Consumer Division, which delivers premium investment advice and
          education to individual investors online through two Web properties,
          INVESTools.com and WallStreetCity.com. INVESTools.com publishes
          actionable investment advice and education, and WallStreetCity.com
          is well known for its investment search tool, ProSearch. The
          Consumer Division also offers private-label subscription marketing
          and e-mail list management services to marquee clients like Gilder
          Publishing, TheStreet.com, TradingMarkets.com and StockJungle.

     o    The Business-to-Business Division, which offers an array of online
          financial solutions to businesses seeking to expand their offerings
          online and gain greater cost efficiency through outsourcing. The
          Company's Business-to-Business Division's clients include many of
          the nation's leading financial services and media companies,
          including America Online, American Express, BusinessWeek Online,
          Forbes and Quick & Reilly/Fleet National Bank.

Results of Operations

     First Quarter of 2001 Compared to First Quarter of 2000. Revenues
decreased $4.0 million, or 40%, compared to the prior year, as Telescan
continued to be impacted by the effects of the softening demand for products
and services in the Internet market.

     Revenues from the Consumer Division decreased $1.4 million, or 32%,
compared to the prior year, primarily due to the depressed market for Internet
advertising and online services. In addition, the first quarter of 2000
included $373,000 in revenue from a special promotion that was not repeated in
2001.

     Revenues from the Business-to-Business Division decreased $1.8 million,
or 42%, from the prior year. This decline is primarily due to the termination
of contracts with GlobalNet Financial.com, Inc. and others in 2000 which
reduced the amortization of deferred revenue in 2001 as compared to 2000. The
deferred revenue associated with these contracts was recognized when the
contracts terminated. Also adversely affecting revenue is the decline in
custom contract revenue in 2001 as compared to 2000 slightly offset by the
increase in sales of QuickTools contracts upon completion of the upgrade of
the technology platform in late 2000.

     Other revenue declined $769,000, or 66%, primarily due to changes in the
BPI contract initiated in December 2000 converting the contract to a flat
monthly hosting fee.

     Cost of revenues decreased $2.3 million, or 49%, over the prior year. As
a percentage of revenue, cost of revenues decreased from 49% 2000 to 41% in
2001. The decrease is primarily due to (i) the change in the BPI contract to a
flat hosting fee with no direct costs for the Company, (ii) decreased
compensation costs from the reduction in the headcount initiated in the second
quarter of 2000, and (iii) decreased amortization of software development
costs due to the write off of capitalized software costs in the second quarter
of 2000.

     Selling expenses decreased $118,000, or 8%, compared to the first quarter
of the prior year, primarily due to decreased compensation costs from the
reduction in headcount. As a percentage of revenue, selling and marketing
costs increased from 15% in 2000 to 23% in 2001.

     General and administrative expenses decreased $698,000, or 17%, over the
prior year primarily due to the decreased compensation costs from the
headcount reductions and decreased legal fees and recruiting expenses.

These decreases were offset by increased equipment rental costs and increased
rent for office space that was not leased until the second quarter of 2000. As
a percentage of revenue, general and administrative costs increased from 41%
in 2000 to 58% in 2001.

     During the first quarter of 2001, Telescan sold shares of marketable
securities and recognized $70,000 in gross gains and $69,000 in gross losses.
Telescan received $504,000 in proceeds from these sales.

     Special and other charges in the first quarter of 2001 included the
following:

     o    $264,000 to write off the investment in FreeRealTime.com, Inc.,
          which filed for voluntary bankruptcy.

     o    $240,000 to write off the investment in Tachyon, LLC because
          Telescan no longer expects to recover its investment.

     o    $197,000 for severance as Telescan continues efforts to control
          costs by further reducing staff.

     In the first quarter of 2000, special and other charges included a $1.5
million accrual for the settlement of a lawsuit with CyberAction, Ltd.

     Other Significant Financial Statement Activity in the First Quarter of
2001. In January 2001, Telescan received a $1.5 million cash payment on a $4.2
million note receivable due from TeamVest pursuant to a note that Telescan
entered into in November 1999. Telescan then exercised its option to convert
the remaining balance due on the note, plus accrued interest of $407,000, into
1,893,066 shares of TeamVest common stock which, on the conversion date, was
valued at $3.1 million and represented approximately a 14% interest in
TeamVest.

     In January 2001, the holders of the 120,000 shares of Class A 5%
Convertible Preferred Stock agreed to exchange all of their shares for new
Class B 4% Convertible Preferred Stock. The Class B 4% Convertible Preferred
Stock pays $1.00 per share per annum in dividends and is convertible at any
time at the option of the holder into 3,000,000 shares of common stock, which
Telescan has reserved for such conversion. The preferred stock automatically
converts on May 15, 2002.

     2000 Compared to 1999. During 2000, Telescan's revenue increased $9.8
million, or 38%, as compared to 1999. In the Consumer Division, revenue
increased $3.9 million, or 32%, primarily due to a $4.1 million increase in
online subscription sales and a $1.9 million increase in advertising revenue.
These gains were offset by approximately $2.1 million in declines in fees from
dial up and modem accessed subscriptions as Telescan continued to migrate its
customers to Internet services.

     Revenue from the Business-to-Business Division increased $5.7 million, or
62%, as compared to 1999. Stockwalk, Forbes, Quick & Reilly/Fleet National
Bank, American Express, Citibank and others added approximately $1.6 million
in development revenue as compared to 1999. Amortization of deferred license
and hosting revenue was approximately $2.5 million in 2000, an increase of
approximately $1.3 million as compared to 1999. An additional $1.7 million of
deferred revenue was recognized in 2000 due to the early termination or
modification of contracts with GlobalNet Financial.com, Inc., GRO Corporation
and InvestorIQ, plc. Cancellation of these contracts, or elimination of
certain provisions, relieved Telescan of future performance obligations under
these contracts and thus, the related deferred license and hosting fees were
recognized in 2000 as revenue.

     Cost of revenue increased $2.2 million, or 15%, as compared to 1999, but
decreased as a percentage of revenue from 56% in 1999 to 47% in 2000. The
increase in costs was primarily due to increased royalties in the Consumer
Division, which was offset by decreased software amortization costs in the
Business-to-Business Division.

     Selling and marketing expenses increased $1.9 million, or 41%, as
compared to 1999 consistent with the growth in revenue. As a percentage of
revenue, selling and marketing expenses were 18% in 2000 and 1999.

     General and administrative expenses increased $8.9 million, or 92%, as
compared to 1999. As a percentage of revenue, these expenses increased to 52%
from 37% in 1999. Much of this increased cost was due to fluctuations in the
size of Telescan's organization during 2000. By May 2000, Telescan had 287
employees, a 21%

increase over December 1999 in anticipation of market expansion. In addition,
Telescan had expanded the leased space in its Houston operations by an
additional 23,000 square feet, or 43%, as compared to 1999. This growth in
personnel and space increased expenses for salaries, recruitment, rent,
equipment, consultants, contract labor and other costs during the first half
of 2000. As Telescan reevaluated its strategy, it began to reduce headcount
and take aggressive steps to control costs. As a result of these efforts, in
the fourth quarter of 2000, headcount decreased to 167 and general and
administrative expense decreased compared to the third quarter of 2000.

     During 2000, Telescan evaluated a number of opportunities to add key
technologies, enhance market presence and complement existing products and
services through merger and acquisition activities. In August 2000, Telescan
entered into a merger agreement with GlobalNet in which each share of Telescan
common stock would have been exchanged for 0.50 shares of GlobalNet common
stock. During the ensuing due diligence period, the companies determined that
their business strategies would be best served if they were pursued
separately. In September 2000, a termination agreement was signed and costs
totaling $4.5 million associated with this acquisition opportunity were
expensed. A summary of the material terms of the termination agreement is as
follows:

     o    Telescan exchanged 272,500 shares of GlobalNet common stock Telescan
          owned for the 545,000 shares of Telescan common stock that GlobalNet
          owned. These shares of Telescan common stock were subsequently
          canceled.

     o    GlobalNet purchased 276,495 shares of GlobalNet common stock
          Telescan owned for $6.00 per share.

     o    GlobalNet paid Telescan $250,000 in cash as compensation for
          expenses incurred in connection with the proposed acquisition
          opportunity.

     o    Telescan and GlobalNet terminated most of their commercial contracts
          and agreements, and dismissed all related outstanding receivables.
          Telescan accelerated recognition of deferred revenue of $1.0 million
          currently into revenue on these contracts as the termination
          relieved Telescan of future performance obligations under these
          contracts.

     o    Telescan agreed it would not sell, transfer, or dispose of its
          remaining 1.9 million shares of GlobalNet common stock until July
          2001, except for up to 50,000 shares per month for six consecutive
          months beginning October 1, 2000. During the fourth quarter of 2000,
          Telescan sold 150,000 shares of GlobalNet stock on the open market
          under the terms of this agreement.

     Additional merger and acquisition opportunities Telescan explored during
2000 resulted in an additional $545,000 in cost of acquisition opportunities
expensed. Aggressive consolidation within the technology and financial
services industries encourages Telescan to explore merger and acquisition
opportunities to add products and/or technologies, increase market share, add
to critical mass and improve liquidity.

     During 2000, Telescan modified its technology to build a stable, scalable
platform for the future and to support Telescan's product development culture.
Changes made to Telescan's technological platform created a more flexible and
modularized architecture. In May 2000, Telescan relaunched its
WallStreetCity.com Web site with a completely new interface to make navigation
easier, a new floating ticker, and redesigned portfolios. As a result of these
changes, Telescan wrote off approximately $3.4 million of unamortized
capitalized costs that were determined to be in excess of the net realizable
value of the older products.

     As Telescan witnessed weaknesses in the Internet financial marketplace,
particularly related to technology companies, Telescan reevaluated its
business strategy and made adjustments designed to ensure Telescan would
emerge as a key player in the industry. As part of this reevaluation, Telescan
began refocusing its attention on its core domestic operations and made
organizational and governance changes designed to enhance growth. This
reevaluation included shedding all operations that were not related to the
core business, were generating insufficient returns, or were no longer
considered strategic for Telescan's future. As a result, Telescan wrote off
$1.1 million in assets related to product lines that were no longer considered
strategic. Telescan also recognized approximately $900,000 in severance costs
associated with these changes in strategy.

     The weaknesses in the Internet financial marketplace also took a toll on
investments Telescan made during 1999 and the early part of 2000. During 2000,
Telescan continuously monitored the financial health and the market

value of the companies in which Telescan had investments, both public and
private. Telescan wrote down its investments in Tachyon Systems and Telebuild
when it became apparent from sale offers that Telescan would not recover its
investment in the event of a sale. Telescan also wrote off investments in
Trading Technologies when Trading Technologies ceased operations in 2000 and
in InvestorIQ, plc when InvestorIQ, plc was forced into liquidation in the
United Kingdom in November 2000. These write downs and write offs totaled $5.1
million in 2000.

     Telescan's investments in marketable securities suffered as well and
Telescan determined that the market value would not return to the level
Telescan had invested at any time in the near future. Therefore, in accordance
with SFAS 115, Accounting for Debt and Equity Securities, Telescan established
a new cost basis at the market value on December 31, 2000 and recognized a
$27.7 million loss on the impairment into income. The impact of this
impairment was offset by $19.4 million in net realized gains and losses on
sales of GlobalNet securities during 2000. During the fourth quarter, Telescan
began to sell off its marketable securities portfolio in an effort to shed
non-strategic assets and redistribute the proceeds to core business
opportunities.

     In May 2000, Telescan terminated an agreement with CyberAction Ltd. This
agreement granted certain international marketing rights to CyberAction, and
the parties disagreed about the contractual provisions and obligations.
Therefore, as part of its strategic reevaluation, Telescan terminated the
contract and expensed $1.1 million of settlement costs.

     At the beginning of 2000, the Consumer Division, headquartered in Menlo
Park, CA, sought to expand, and entered into a lease agreement on a new
facility. During the fourth quarter, as part of its cost containment strategy,
Telescan terminated the new lease agreement and recognized $235,000 of
associated expenses, including a $100,000 write off of leasehold improvement
costs.

     1999 Compared to 1998. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999
increased $11.2 million, or 74%, as compared to the same period in 1998,
reflecting dramatic growth in the Internet service business. In 1999, Telescan
recognized approximately $4.9 million in revenue from new private label and
licensing agreements, of which approximately $3.5 million came from an
agreement with NBC. Telescan has licensed its proprietary Internet and online
financial services technology to NBC for CNBC.com, a comprehensive Web site
for personal finance. Under the agreement, Telescan is responsible for
developing customized investment analytics, providing financial data, data
retrieval and hosting services. Telescan's revenue comes from fixed monthly
fees, cost reimbursement and a percentage of the revenue from the site.
Revenue from INVESTools increased $3.5 million over 1998 to $5.0 million as
demand for online newsletters increased. Telescan's WallStreetCity.com Web
site added $690,000 to revenue in 1999 primarily due to advertising revenue.
Other service revenues increased $1.2 million, or 84%, primarily due to
growing demand for the various Internet publications while dial up modem
revenue declined $1.1 million, reflecting Telescan shifting its growth to more
Internet services.

     Cost of revenue increased $4.6 million, or 46%, as compared to 1998,
resulting in a gross margin increase of $6.8 million, or 154%. Cost of revenue
associated with the NBC agreement represented approximately $1.9 million of
the total cost of revenue increase. Cost of revenue for INVESTools was $1.3
million higher for 1999 due to higher royalty obligations associated with
increased revenue.

     Marketing expenses increased 15% as compared to 1998, as Telescan shifted
its marketing focus. General and administrative expenses increased $2.7
million, or 38%, primarily due to increased staffing costs to accommodate the
development requirements associated with the growing businesses.

     During 1999, Telescan recorded a one-time charge of $3.3 million for
costs related to the acquisition of INVESTools. These costs consisted of
investment banking fees, legal and accounting fees, and certain other expenses
directly related to the acquisition.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

     At March 31, 2001, cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.6 million, a
$97,000 increase from December 31, 2000. The increase was primarily due to net
cash provided by investing activities offset by net cash used by operations.
Working capital, which includes $3.5 million of deferred revenue, fell $5.9
million from December 2000

to a deficit of $1.8 million, primarily due to the conversion of the note
receivable due from TeamVest to an equity investment.

     During the first quarter of 2001, Telescan used $1.5 million in cash to
fund operations. The net loss of $2.0 million included non-cash charges of
$504,000 for write downs of investments in addition to the $546,000 routine
non-cash charge for depreciation and amortization. Working capital accounts
decreased by $539,000 primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable and
other liabilities offset by a decrease in accounts receivable.

     Investing activities added $1.7 million in cash primarily from the $1.5
million payment on the $4.2 million note receivable from TeamVest received in
January and the $504,000 in proceeds on the sales of marketable securities
during the first quarter of 2001.

     It is Telescan's intention to control its operating expenses while
continuing to invest in its existing products. In addition, Telescan has
implemented changes intended to reduce certain operating and general and
administrative expenses. Telescan will continue to liquidate its marketable
securities portfolio during 2001 and is continuing its exploration of
strategic alternatives including exploring sources of additional financing. If
Telescan is unable to achieve its projected 2001 results of operations, or if
the fair value of Telescan's marketable securities decreases significantly
from the fair value at March 31, 2001, additional financing may be required to
fund Telescan's operations. No assurance can be given that Telescan will be
able to obtain additional financing or sell additional assets, or as to the
terms which Telescan could do so. Based on Telescan's current outlook,
Telescan believes that its cash flows from operations and current working
capital will be sufficient to fund its operations and capital requirements
through June 2002.

Changes in, and Disagreements with, Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure

     Previous Independent Accountants.

          i.   On April 10, 2000, Telescan dismissed Hein + Associates LLP as
               its independent accountant.

          ii.  Neither of the reports of Hein + Associates LLP on the
               financial statements for years 1998 and 1999 contained an
               adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion or were qualified or
               modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
               principles.

          iii. The dismissal of Hein + Associates LLP was recommended and
               approved by the Audit Committee of the board of directors of
               Telescan.

          iv.  During Telescan's fiscal years 1998 and 1999 and through the
               period from December 31, 1999 to April 10, 2000, there were no
               disagreements with Hein + Associates LLP on any matters of
               accounting principles or practices, financial statement
               disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements
               if not resolved to the satisfaction of Hein + Associates LLP
               would have caused them to make reference thereto in their
               reports on the consolidated financial statements for such
               years.

          v.   During Telescan's fiscal years 1998 and 1999 and through the
               period from December 31, 1999 to April 10, 2000, there were no
               reportable events (as defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)
               (1)(v)).

          vi.  Telescan provided Hein + Associates LLP with a copy of the
               disclosure it made in response to Item 304 (a) of Regulation
               S-K. Telescan requested Hein + Associates LLP to furnish, and
               Hein + Associates LLP furnished to Telescan, a letter addressed
               to the SEC stating that it agreed with the statements made by
               Telescan.

     Newly Engaged Independent Accountants. On April 10, 2000, Telescan
engaged Arthur Andersen LLP as its new independent accountant. Through April
10, 2000, neither Telescan nor anyone on its behalf consulted Arthur Andersen
LLP regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any transaction,
either completed or

proposed, or (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by Arthur
Andersen LLP on Telescan's financial statements. In addition, through April
10, 2000, neither Telescan nor anyone on its behalf consulted Arthur Andersen
LLP regarding any matter that was the subject of a disagreement (as defined in
Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(i)(iv)) or a reportable event (as defined in
Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(v)).

Market Risk Disclosure

     Telescan is exposed to market risk, which is the potential loss arising
from adverse changes in market prices and rates. Telescan's exposure to
interest rate changes is not considered to be material to Telescan. Telescan
does not enter, or intend to enter, into derivative financial instruments for
trading or speculative purposes.

     Telescan is exposed to the impact of changes in the market values of its
investments. Telescan invests in equity instruments of privately held,
information technology companies for business and strategic purposes. These
investments are included in long-term assets and are accounted for under the
cost method when ownership is less than 20% and Telescan does not
significantly influence or control the operations. For these non-quoted
investments, Telescan's policy is to regularly review the assumptions
underlying the operating performance and cash flow forecasts in assessing the
carrying values. During the three months ended March 31, 2001, Telescan
recorded $240,000 of impairment to these non-quoted investments. Telescan
believes its financial instruments to be properly stated at fair value at
March 31, 2001.

                              TELESCAN MANAGEMENT

Directors and Executive Officers

As of ________ __, 2001, Telescan's directors and executive officers are as
follows:

     NAME                    AGE                                  POSITION
     ----                    ---                                  --------
     William D. Savoy        36                      Director and Chairman
     Lee K. Barba            50       Director and Chief Executive Officer
     Roger C. Wadsworth      53        Senior Vice President and Secretary
     Paul A. Helbling        48                    Chief Financial Officer
     Greg E. Gensemer        34                             Vice President
     Danny E. Hoover         53                             Vice President
     Jerrold B. Smith        48                             Vice President
     Alexander T. Wyche      53          Vice President, Corporate Counsel
     Elisabeth Y. Sami       32                                   Director
     Stephen C. Wood         49                                   Director

     Each director holds office until the next annual meeting of stockholders
or until his successor has been elected and qualified. The Compensation
Committee and Audit Committee of the board of directors are each composed of
Ms. Sami and Messrs. Savoy and Wood.

     William D. Savoy. Mr. Savoy was appointed Chairman of the Board in August
of 2000. He currently serves as Vice President of Vulcan Ventures
Incorporated, a venture capital fund wholly owned by Paul G. Allen, co-founder
of Microsoft Corporation. From 1987 until November 1990, Mr. Savoy was
employed by Layered, Inc., a company controlled by Mr. Allen, and became its
President in 1988. From November 1990 until the present, Mr. Savoy has served
as President for Vulcan Northwest Inc., a company which manages the personal
financial activities of Mr. Allen. Mr. Savoy serves on the Advisory Board of
Dream Works SKG of Los Angeles, California and serves on the Board of
Directors of CNET, Inc. of San Francisco, California; Harbinger Corporation of
Atlanta, Georgia; Metricom, Inc. of Los Gatos, California; Ticketmaster
Online-CitySearch, Inc., of Pasadena California; USA Networks, Inc., of St.
Petersburg, Florida; and U.S. Satellite Broadcasting of Minneapolis,
Minnesota. Mr. Savoy also represents Mr. Allen in a wide variety of other
personal financial transactions. Mr. Savoy holds a B.S. in Computer Science,
Accounting and Finance from Atlantic Union College. Mr. Savoy has been a
director since 1993.

     Lee K. Barba. Mr. Barba has been a Director since April of 2000 and has
served as Chief Executive Officer since February 2000. Mr. Barba is well known
for fostering innovative global growth strategies among companies he has
managed. He implemented the European expansion of Open Link Financial, an
Enterprise Risk Management Software company, and doubled the company's
revenues in one year by forming strategic partnerships with several Fortune
500 companies. Prior to joining Open Link, Mr. Barba served as President of
Coral Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shell Oil, with $4 billion in
revenue, which was Shell's marketing arm in the deregulated natural gas and
electricity markets. Mr. Barba joined Coral after 22 years on Wall Street,
where most recently he was responsible for managing global trading businesses
for Bankers Trust Company. While based in London he was responsible for
managing their European offices, as well as the Global Risk Management
Advisory practice which had offices in Asia and Latin America. Upon returning
to New York, Mr. Barba was the senior executive of the bank responsible for
managing and consolidating the firm's technology and operations functions for
the global capital markets businesses, which included over 2,100 in staff
operating throughout Asia, Europe and North America. Earlier in his career Mr.
Barba served as co-head of the Fixed Income Division at PaineWebber and as a
Vice President of Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb. He earned his M.B.A. from
Columbia University and his B.A. from the University of North Carolina.

     Roger C. Wadsworth. Mr. Wadsworth was appointed Secretary in August 2000,
served as Director from 1989 to 2000 and has served as Senior Vice President
since 1990. From 1988 to 1990, Mr. Wadsworth served as President of Telescan.
From 1983 to 1988, Mr. Wadsworth was employed as Vice President of Information

Management Services, Inc., of Houston, Texas, where he provided management
services to investment vehicles such as limited partnerships and joint
ventures. From 1979 to 1983, he served as co-owner of D. Russell Smith
Associates, a restaurant and tenant finish general contractor. Mr. Wadsworth
is Secretary of IMS Securities, Inc. a full service NASD broker/dealer owned
by his wife. Mr. Wadsworth holds a B.B.A. degree from the University of
Houston.

     Paul A. Helbling. Mr. Helbling joined Telescan as Chief Financial Officer
in 1999. From 1997 until joining Telescan, Mr. Helbling was Vice President of
Finance at PCC Flow Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Precision Castparts
Corporation and a $350 million manufacturer of pumps and valves in the U.S.
and Europe. From 1991 to 1997 Mr. Helbling served as Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of HydroChem Industrial Services, a $150 million provider of
industrial cleaning services to the petrochemical, refining, and utility
industries. Mr. Helbling became a Certified Public Accountant in 1978, with
experience in Big-5 public accounting, and in the contract drilling and oil
and gas exploration and production industries. Mr. Helbling holds B.A. and
M.A. degrees from Rice University.

     Greg E. Gensemer. Mr. Gensemer has been Vice President since rejoining
Telescan in April 1999. Prior to rejoining Telescan, Mr. Gensemer was General
Manager for Paragon Software, a provider of streaming real-time quotes to
individual investors, money managers and brokers. When previously employed by
Telescan, Mr. Gensemer held the positions of Director of Business Development,
Project Manager, Retail Sales Executive and Technical Support Representative
after originally joining Telescan in 1990. Prior to joining Telescan, Mr.
Gensemer was the Area Manager for Pilgrim Cleaners of Houston, Texas from 1986
to 1990. Mr. Gensemer serves on the Board of Directors of GRO Corporation of
Houston, Texas.

     Danny E. Hoover. Mr. Hoover, Vice President since September 1996,
previously held the positions of Manager of Development, Manager of Windows
Development and Senior Windows Programmer. Before joining Telescan in 1992,
Mr. Hoover was employed as operations manager for Praxis Incorporated, a
supervisory control automation company. Mr. Hoover holds a B.S. in Electrical
Engineering from Texas A&M University.

     Jerrold B. Smith. Mr. Smith, Vice President since March 1998, previously
held the positions of Business Development Manager for Telescan's Consumer Web
property, WallStreetCity.com, and Technical Support Supervisor after joining
Telescan in 1995. Prior to joining Telescan, Mr. Smith practiced financial
planning and asset management in Houston, Texas. From 1986 to 1988, Mr. Smith
was national Sales Manager for USOne Apparel of New York. From 1976 to 1986,
Mr. Smith was a salesman and ultimately regional Vice President of Donmoor,
Inc., a wholesale apparel manufacturer, also of New York. Mr. Smith holds a
B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Houston.

     Alexander T. Wyche. Mr. Wyche, Vice President and Corporate Counsel, who
joined Telescan in May 1999, previously served as an attorney for Koch
Industries, Inc., a privately held international conglomerate with interests
in the natural gas industry, from 1997 to 1999. Prior to 1997, Mr. Wyche held
positions in the legal departments of Enron Corp. and Tenneco, Inc., and
served as a legal consultant to the natural gas industry. Mr. Wyche holds a
B.B.A. from Campbell University, a J.D. from North Carolina Central University
and is licensed to practice law in Texas and North Carolina.

     Elisabeth Y. Sami. Ms. Sami is Vice President of Strategic Partnership
and Business Development in NBC's Digital Media group. Ms. Sami was appointed
to the board of directors on June 23, 2000 to fill the position created after
Christopher Glowacki's resignation. Ms. Sami has been with NBC since March
1997, originally as Vice President for International Business Development and
Operations in New York, and later as Vice President of Business Development
for NBC West Coast in Burbank, California. Before joining NBC, Ms. Sami served
as Vice President of International Business Development for Discovery
Communications from March 1993 to February 1997. She started her career in
international investment consulting. Ms. Sami earned her B.A. from the
University of Iowa, and received a Graduate Diploma from the University of
Stockholm.

     Stephen C. Wood. Mr. Wood is currently President and Chief Executive
Officer of Wireless Services Corporation based in Bellevue, Washington. Until
May 1996, Mr. Wood was President and CEO of Notable Technologies, L.L.C.,
which filed for bankruptcy in 1996. From 1993 through 1994, Mr. Wood served as
Vice President of Information Broadcasting for McCaw Development Corporation
located in Kirkland, Washington. Until February 1993, he was President of
Starwave Corporation, a company he formed in 1991 with Microsoft

Corporation co-founder Paul G. Allen to develop and market data and
information products. From 1986 through 1991, Mr. Wood served in several
executive positions at Asymetrix Corporation, a software development and
marketing firm founded by Mr. Allen. From 1980 until 1985, Mr. Wood was in
charge of building a microcomputer software development organization for
Datapoint Corporation in Austin, Texas, after serving in research &
development and marketing positions. Mr. Wood began his career in 1976 when he
became the sixth employee of Microsoft Corporation, where he was general
manager from 1977 to 1980. Mr. Wood holds a B.S. in Computer Engineering from
Case Western Reserve University and an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from
Stanford University. Mr. Wood has been a director since 1992.

Executive Compensation

     The following table reflects all forms of compensation for services to
Telescan for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, of the
individuals serving as Telescan's Chief Executive Officer during 2000 and
Telescan's four most highly compensated executive officers who were serving
Telescan at the end of 2000 and who earned more than $100,000 that year.

                          Summary Compensation Table

                                                                                    Long-Term
                                                Annual Compensation                Compensation
                                     -----------------------------------------    --------------
                                                                                    Securities
                                                                                    Underlying
          Name                          Year          Salary           Bonus          Options
- -------------------------            ----------     ----------      ----------     -------------

Lee K. Barba                           2000         $248,103(1)       $ 45,866       833,321
Chief Executive Officer

David L. Brown                         2000          138,300                --        58,378
Former Chief Executive Officer         1999          158,750                --         4,393
                                       1998          140,000                --        28,800

David M. Berray                        2000          160,240(1)         18,982       109,459
Chief Operating Officer

Roger C. Wadsworth                     2000          118,750            25,299        41,478
Senior Vice President                  1999           96,000                --         2,662
                                       1998           84,000                --        13,200

Paul A. Helbling                       2000          130,625            27,829        31,626
Chief Financial Officer                1999           42,096(2)             --        12,729

Joseph Frantz                          2000          116,375            33,480        22,801
Vice President, Chief Information      1999           93,460             3,727           932
  Officer                              1998           83,659                --         6,890
- --------------------

(1)  Messrs. Barba and Berray joined Telescan during 2000. Therefore, the
     amounts reflected for 2000 are for a partial year.

(2)  Mr. Helbling joined Telescan during 1999. Therefore, the amounts
     reflected for 1999 are for a partial year.

     The following table reflects all forms of compensation for services to
Telescan for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998, of two
executive officers who would have been included above had they been employed
by Telescan at December 31, 2000 and who earned more than $100,000 that year.

                                                                                    Long-Term
                                                Annual Compensation                Compensation
                                     -----------------------------------------    --------------
                                                                                    Securities
                                                                                    Underlying
          Name                          Year          Salary           Bonus          Options
- -------------------------            ----------     ----------      ----------     -------------

Ronald Warren                           2000         $147,692        $ 30,359          24,137
Former President                        1999          118,269              --          13,195
        Resigned August 2000            1998          100,000              --          14,000

Edward C. Oliver                        2000          117,500          27,829           6,000
Former Vice President                   1999           60,429(1)           --          17,929
        Resigned May 2000

- ------------
(1)  Mr. Oliver joined Telescan during 1999. Therefore, the amounts reflected
     for 1999 are for a partial year.

     Stock Options. The following tables set forth information relating to the
named executive officers with respect to (i) stock options granted in 2000,
and (ii) the total number of exercised options through 2000 and the value of
the unexercised in-the-money options at the end of 2000.

                      Option Grants In Last Fiscal Year

                                                                                        Potential Realizable Value at
                          Numbers of     Total Options                                  Assumed Annual Rate of Stock
                          Securities       Granted to                                   Price Appreciation for Option
                          Underlying       Employees        Exercise                               Term
                           Options         in Fiscal       Price Per     Expiration     ------------------------------
     Name                  Granted            Year            Share          Date             5%            10%
- ---------------------     -----------    -------------    -----------     ---------     ------------    -------------

Lee K. Barba              400,000(1)       20.03%           $  19.00        02/27/10    $ 4,779,599     $12,114,443
                           12,401(2)        0.62                5.00        08/10/10         38,995          98,820
                          420,920(3)       21.08                2.00        10/29/10        529,429       1,341,676
David L. Brown             20,000(4)        1.00               21.63        01/31/10        272,060         689,453
                            3,892(2)        0.19               19.25        02/24/10         47,117         119,405
                            8,349(2)        0.42               10.94        05/07/10         57,442         145,569
                            6,936(2)        0.35                5.00        08/10/10         21,810          55,271
                            7,500(2)        0.38                2.00        10/16/10          9,433          23,906
                           11,701(2)        0.59                2.00        10/29/10         14,717          37,297
David M. Berray           100,000(5)        5.01               22.50        03/13/10      1,415,013       3,585,921
                            9,459(2)        0.47                5.00        08/10/10         29,744          75,376
Roger C. Wadsworth         10,000(4)        0.50               21.63        01/31/10        136,030         344,726
                            2,359(2)        0.12               19.25        02/24/10         28,559          72,373
                            5,255(2)        0.26                5.00        08/10/10         16,524          41,876
                           15,000(6)        0.75                2.00        10/16/10         18,867          47,812
                            8,864(2)        0.44                2.00        10/29/10         11,149          28,254
Paul A. Helbling            6,000(4)        0.30               21.63        01/31/10         81,618         206,836
                            2,595(2)        0.13               19.25        02/24/10         31,416          79,613
                            5,780(2)        0.29                5.00        08/10/10         18,175          46,059
                            7,500(6)        0.38                2.00        10/16/10          9,433          23,906
                            9,751(2)        0.49                2.00        10/29/10         12,265          31,081
Joseph P. Frantz            6,000(4)        0.30               21.63        01/31/10         81,618         206,836
                            1,651(2)        0.08               19.25        02/24/10         19,987          50,652
                            5,150(2)        0.26                5.00        08/10/10         16,194          41,039
                           10,000(6)        0.50                2.00        10/16/10         12,578          31,875
Ronald Warren              15,000(4)        0.75               21.63        08/08/01(7)     204,045         517,090
                            2,831(2)        0.14               19.25        08/08/01(7)      34,273          86,854
                            6,306(2)        0.32                5.00        08/08/01(7)      19,829          50,251
Edward C. Oliver            6,000(4)        0.30               21.63        05/21/01(7)      81,618         206,836

- --------------------------

(1)  Option vests in 3 components: (a) 100,000 shares vest six months from the
     date of grant, (b) 100,000 vest annually in equal installments over five
     years beginning one year after the date of grant subject to acceleration
     of vesting over four years if performance targets are met, and (c)
     200,000 shares vest five years from the date of grant subject to
     acceleration of vesting to four years if performance targets are met.

(2)  Options vest immediately upon grant.

(3)  Option vests in 3 components: (a) 220,920 shares vest immediately, (b)
     100,000 vest annually in equal installments over four years beginning one
     year after the date of grant subject to acceleration of vesting over
     three years if performance targets are met, and (c) 100,000 shares vest
     four years from the date of grant subject to acceleration of vesting to
     three years if performance targets are met.

(4)  On October 17, 2000, the vesting of these options was accelerated to vest
     100% on that date.

(5)  Options vest in three components: (a) 25,000 shares vest six months from
     date of grant, (b) 25,000 vest ratably over five years from date of grant
     subject to acceleration to four years if certain performance targets are
     met, and (c) 50,000 vest at the end of five years subject to acceleration
     to four years if certain performance targets are met.

(6)  Options vest 50% annually beginning 12 months after date of grant.

(7)  Per their severance agreements, the expiration date of these options was
     extended one year.

Aggregated Option Exercises In Last Fiscal Year And Fiscal Year End Option
Values

                                                                                      Value of
                                                                                    Unexercised
                                                                                   In-the-Money
                                                         Number of Securities        Options at
                                                        Underlying Unexercised      Fiscal Year
                                                      Options at Fiscal Year End       End
                           Shares                     --------------------------   -------------
                         Acquired on       Value                                    Exercisable
    Name                  Exercise       Realized      Exercisable/Unexercisable    Unexercisable
- --------------------    ------------     -----------  --------------------------   -------------

Lee K. Barba                  --              --           333,321/500,000             --/--

David L. Brown                --              --           139,506/--                  --/--

David M. Berray               --              --            34,459/75,000              --/--

Roger C. Wadsworth            --              --            63,536/15,000              --/--

Paul A. Helbling              --              --            36,855/7,500               --/--

Joseph F. Frantz             6,373         $34,622          20,623/10,000              --/--

Ronald Warren                 --              --            72,748/--                  --/--

Edward C. Oliver             2,595         $49,954          23,929/--                  --/--

     Director Compensation. Telescan currently pays non-employee Directors
cash fees of $1,500 per Board meeting attended and reimburses expenses
incurred by Directors to attend such meetings. Directors who are not officers
of Telescan are typically granted stock options annually, at an exercise price
consistent with the market.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     The following table sets forth information, as of __________, 2001 unless
otherwise indicated, with respect to the number of shares of Telescan common
stock beneficially owned by (1) each director, nominee for director, and/or
named executive officer individually, (2) all executive officers and directors
of Telescan as a group, and (3) each stockholder known by Telescan to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5% of Telescan's common stock. The number of
shares is exclusive of shares allocated to the person's account through
Telescan's 401(k) plan. Except as noted below, each stockholder has sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.

                                                  Number of Shares
Owners                                           Beneficially Owned 1   % of Class
- ------                                           -------------------    -----------

William D. Savoy                                         67,508             *
Lee K. Barba                                            333,321          2.0%
Roger C. Wadsworth                                      147,104             *
Paul A. Helbling                                         42,855             *
Elisabeth Y. Sami                                         7,500             *
Stephen C. Wood                                          60,200             *
David M. Berray 4                                         8,000             *
Joseph F. Frantz, II 4                                   22,623             *
Ronald Warren 5                                         124,950             *
Edward C. Oliver 5                                          200             *
David L. Brown 6                                        753,956 2        4.6%

National Broadcasting Company, Inc. and
GE Capital Equity Investments, Inc.
    120 Long Ridge Road
    Stamford, Connecticut 06927                       2,331,348         14.3%

Lacy J. Harber
    LJH, Corp.
    377 Neva Lane
    Denison, Texas 75020                              2,314,000         14.2%

Paul G. Allen
    Vulcan Ventures Incorporated
    505 Union Station
    505 5th Avenue So., Suite 900
    Seattle, Washington 98104                         1,390,000 3        7.9%

G. Robert Friedman
    Friedman & Associates
    P. O. Box 676161
    Rancho Santa Fe, California 92067                 1,053,919          6.5%

All Directors and executive officers as a group
(10 persons)                                            756,631          4.6%

- -----------------

*Less than 1%.

1.   Each of the share amounts shown for the directors and officers includes
     options to purchase additional shares, which are exercisable within the
     next sixty days, as follows: Mr. Savoy - 34,535, Mr. Barba - 333,321, Mr.
     Wadsworth - 63,536, Mr. Helbling - 36,855, Ms. Sami - 7,500, Mr. Wood -
     20,250, Mr. Frantz - 20,623, Mr. Warren - 72,748.

2.   Includes 636,318 shares owned by the Brown Family Partnership. David L.
     Brown has shared voting and investment power in the Brown Family
     Partnership along with other family members who are not officers and/or
     directors of Telescan. Includes 117,638 shares owned by David L. Brown
     personally.

3.   Vulcan is owned 100% by Paul G. Allen.

4.   The following employees resigned subsequent to December 31, 2000, but are
     named executives: Mr. Berray - resigned January 2001; Mr. Frantz -
     resigned June 2001.

5.   The following employees resigned prior to December 31, 2000, but are
     named executives: Mr. Warren - resigned August 2000; Mr. Oliver -
     resigned May 2000.

6.   Mr. Brown's employment with Telescan ended on March 9, 2001 upon the
     expiration of his employment contract with Telescan

Certain Relationships and Related Transction with Directors and Executive
Officers

     In the normal course of business some members of the Board of Directors
have proposed business alliances between Telescan and companies with which
they are associated. In the opinion of management, each of these transactions
or arrangements was entered into on terms as favorable to Telescan as could
have been obtained in transactions or arrangements with unaffiliated third
parties.

     Vulcan Ventures, Incorporated. Pursuant to the terms of a May 20, 1992
stock purchase agreement between Vulcan Ventures and Telescan, Vulcan has the
right to designate one nominee director to Telescan's Board of Directors for
as long as Vulcan Ventures (or its affiliate) owns at least 540,000 shares of
common stock of Telescan. In addition, Telescan has agreed not to take any
corporate action to increase its number of directors to more than seven
without the unanimous written consent of all directors for as long as Vulcan
Ventures (or its affiliate) owns at least 540,000 shares of common stock of
Telescan.

     Knowledge Express Data Systems, L.C. ("KEDS"). At December 31, 2000,
Telescan owned 55.58% of KEDS and a joint venture controlled by GRF Interests,
Inc. ("GRF") owned the remaining interest. G. Robert Friedman, a significant
stockholder and a former director of Telescan, controls GRF. Telescan and the
joint venture sold their interests in KEDS to an unrelated third party in
February 2001. Through that date, Telescan provided computer hardware,
programming, systems maintenance, data loading, telecommunications and certain
administrative services to KEDS. For the year ended December 31, 2000, KEDS
assets were reclassified as net liabilities held for sale, totaling $15,000.

     Telebuild, L.C. ("Telebuild"). Friedman Interests, Inc., a company
controlled by G. Robert Friedman, owns 45.42% of Telebuild. Telescan and the
Brown Family Partnership own 15.83% and 25.44%, respectively, of Telebuild.
The Brown Family Partnership is owned by David L. Brown, a Director and the
former Chairman of Telescan, and other members of the Brown family. Through
December 31, 2000, Telescan performed services under contract for Telebuild,
which consisted primarily of the development, maintenance and operation of the
Telebuild database system and the provision of office space, equipment and
furniture. Telescan charged Telebuild for its personnel at a stipulated rate,
which reflected the full absorption of overhead costs to Telescan.
Non-personnel expenditures under the agreement are billed at actual cost.
During 2000, Telescan wrote off $384,000 of intercompany receivables due from
Telebuild when it became apparent that they would never be recovered. At
December 31, 2000, Telescan had no investment recorded for Telebuild and
Telebuild owed Telescan an additional $19,000, which was subsequently paid.
For the year ended December 31, 2000, $55,000, or less than 1%, of Telescan's
total revenue was derived from services provided to Telebuild.

     National Broadcasting Company, Inc. In a letter agreement dated February
22, 1999 between NBC and Telescan, NBC was granted the right to have an
individual designated by NBC (the "NBC Designee") included as a nominee for
the Board of Directors of Telescan. NBC shall have this right until GE Capital
Equity Investments, Inc. ("GE Equity") owns less than 5% of the outstanding
common stock of Telescan or the license agreement with NBC terminates or
expires, whichever event occurs earlier. Pursuant to this agreement, NBC has
designated, and the Board of Directors has approved, Ms. Elisabeth Y. Sami.

     In addition, GE Equity has the right to designate an individual to be
present at all Board of Directors meetings. Such individual will not be a
participating or voting member of the Board of Directors and may remain as a
designee as long as GE Equity owns at least 5% of Telescan's outstanding
common stock.

     GRO Corporation. Mr. Greg E. Gensemer, an officer of Telescan, serves on
the Board of Directors for GRO Corporation. Telescan has entered into
licensing and servicing agreements with this company. In December 2000, the
licensing agreement was amended to terminate development of a new product for
GRO. As a result of this modification, $153,000 of deferred license fees for
GRO were accelerated and recognized into revenue in December. At December 31,
2000, Telescan still had approximately $358,000 of deferred license fees from
GRO to be recognized into revenue through 2003. Telescan recognized $190,000
in revenue during 2000 from this licensing agreement, excluding the
accelerated revenue. Telescan owned 603 shares of GRO Corporation representing
an ownership interest of 5.1% at December 31, 2000.

                    DESCRIPTION OF INVESTOOLS CAPITAL STOCK

General

     INVESTools has _______ shares of authorized capital stock. Those shares
consist of _________ shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, and
_______ shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share.

     The rights of ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders who acquire shares of
stock offered by this joint proxy statement/prospectus will be governed by
INVESTools' certificate of incorporation and by-laws and Delaware corporate
law. We have summarized below provisions of INVESTools' certificate of
incorporation and by-laws. This summary does not contain all of the provisions
that you may want to consider as an investor in INVESTools' securities. You
may wish to review INVESTools' certificate of incorporation and by-laws, which
are attached as Annexes V and VI, respectively, to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Description of Common Stock

     Dividends. Dividends may be declared and paid on the INVESTools common
stock at such time and in the amounts as the board of directors in its
discretion shall determine, subject to any dividend preferences of any
outstanding preferred stock. INVESTools has no present intention of declaring
and paying cash dividends on the common stock at any time in the foreseeable
future.

     Voting Rights. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote in the
election of directors and all other matters submitted to stockholder vote,
except that holders of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendments
to INVESTools' certificate of incorporation that relate solely to the terms of
any preferred stock if the holders of the preferred stock affected thereby are
entitled to vote thereon as a separate class or series pursuant to INVESTools'
certificate of incorporation or Delaware law.

     Liquidation Rights. If INVESTools liquidates, dissolves, or winds-up its
business, whether voluntarily or not, INVESTools common stockholders will
share equally in the distribution of all assets remaining after payment to
creditors and preferred stockholders.

Additional Series of Preferred Stock

     INVESTools' certificate of incorporation provides that the number of
authorized shares of any stock may be increased or decreased by an affirmative
vote of a majority of the stockholders entitled to vote thereon. The board of
directors is authorized to create and issue one or more series of preferred
stock and to determine the rights and preferences of each series within the
limits set forth in the certificate of incorporation and applicable law.

Description of Series A Preferred Stock

     At the time of the merger, 120,000 shares of INVESTools Series A
Preferred Stock will be issued. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock will
have no voting rights except as described in the certificate of incorporation
or required by law. If allowed to vote, a holder of Series A Preferred Stock
will have one vote for each share held. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
voting separately as a class, will be entitled to vote for, and remove without
cause and replace at any time, one additional director in the event that
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears in an amount equal to
at least two quarterly dividends, or if for five consecutive trading days
there has not been a sufficient number of shares of common stock authorized
and reserved for issuance to cover the number of shares of common stock into
which Series A Preferred then outstanding shall be convertible. This right
terminates when the above defaults are cured. The holders of the Series A
Preferred, voting separately as a class, are entitled to remove without cause
at any time and replace any director that such stockholders elected under the
above defaults. The consent of a majority of the holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock is required to modify INVESTools' certificate of incorporation
or by-laws if any terms of the Series A Preferred Stock are affected thereby,
or to pay any dividends or distributions to stockholders.

     Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive
cumulative dividends at the rate of $1.00 per share per annum, payable
quarterly, when and as declared by the board of directors. The dividend will
be paid at a priority to any payment of any dividend on the common stock or
any other class or series of stock of INVESTools. Dividends shall accrue
commencing on January 1, 2001, and shall do so daily, whether or not earned or
declared.

     In the event that there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
INVESTools, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
$25 per share plus any accrued but unpaid dividends prior to any distribution
of assets to holders of any other class or series of shares.

     Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock have the option to convert
at any time each of their shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 25 (plus the
pro rata portion of any due and unpaid dividends) shares of INVESTools common
stock. On May 15, 2002, all then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock will each automatically convert into 25 (plus the pro rata portion of
any due and unpaid dividends) shares of INVESTools common stock.

Anti-Takeover Effects

     INVESTools is subject to the provisions of Delaware law described below
regarding business combinations with interested stockholders.

     Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law applies to a broad
range of business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an
interested stockholder. The Delaware law definition of "business combination"
includes mergers, sales of assets, issuances of voting stock and certain other
transactions. An "interested stockholder" is defined as any person who owns,
directly or indirectly, 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a
corporation.

     Section 203 prohibits a corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder,
unless:

     o    the board of directors approved the business combination before the
          stockholder became an interested stockholder, or the board of
          directors approved the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
          becoming an interested stockholder;

     o    upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
          becoming an interested stockholder, such stockholder owned at least
          85% of the voting stock outstanding when the transaction began other
          than shares held by directors who are also officers and other than
          shares held by certain employee stock plans; or

     o    the board of directors approved the business combination after the
          stockholder became an interested stockholder and the business
          combination was approved at a meeting by at least two-thirds of the
          outstanding voting stock not owned by such stockholder.

     INVESTools' certificate of incorporation and by-laws provide that the
board of directors shall be divided into three classes, with each class
consisting, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of
directors constituting the entire board. If the number of directors is
changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as
to maintain the number of directors in each class as equal as possible.

     Ninety days' written notice or the consent of the board of directors is
required for a holder of Series A Preferred Stock to acquire over 5% of
INVESTools common stock.

     INVESTools must indemnify present and former officers and directors, and
may indemnify employees and agents.

Listing

     INVESTools common stock is expected to be quoted on Nasdaq.

                       COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

     The following is a summary of the material differences between the
current rights of ZiaSun and Telescan stockholders with the rights those
stockholders will have after the merger as stockholders of INVESTools.

Corporate Governance

     ZiaSun is incorporated under the laws of Nevada, and Telescan is
currently incorporated under the laws of Delaware. If the merger is
consummated, the holders of ZiaSun common stock, whose rights are currently
governed by the general corporation laws of Nevada, the ZiaSun Restated
Articles of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws, will become
holders of INVESTools common stock, whose rights are governed by the DGCL, the
INVESTools Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the
INVESTools Amended and Restated By-laws. Telescan stockholders, whose rights
are governed by the DGCL and the Telescan Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Restated Bylaws, will also be governed by INVESTools'
applicable rules.

     The general corporation and merger laws of Nevada are codified in Chapter
78 and Chapter 92A of the NRS. The NRS differs from the DGCL in many respects.
The following summary sets forth material differences that should be
considered by ZiaSun's stockholders. The following summary does not purport to
be a complete statement of the differences between the NRS and the DGCL, which
are too numerous to list in their entirety.

Authorized Capital Stock

     The amount of the total authorized capital stock of ZiaSun is 50,000,000
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. All shares shall be one class,
without series or other distinction, and shall be called common stock.

     The total number of shares of all classes of stock that Telescan is
authorized to issue is 40,000,000 shares, consisting of 30,000,000 shares of
common stock with a par value of $.01 each share, and 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock with a par value of $0.01 each share. The holders of preferred
stock shall have such rights, preferences and privileges as may be determined,
prior to the issuance of such shares, by the board of directors.

     The total number of shares of all classes of stock which INVESTools shall
be authorized to issue is _____ shares, consisting of _____ shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share and ___ shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share. The number of authorized shares of either stock may be
increased or decreased by an appropriate vote of the holders of a majority in
voting power of the stock entitled to vote.

Voting Rights

     The stockholders of ZiaSun have one vote for each share of stock
registered in his or her name on the books of the corporation.

     The stockholders of Telescan common stock are entitled to one vote for
each share of common stock held by the stockholder.

     Each stockholder of INVESTools common stock is entitled to one vote for
each share of common stock held by the stockholder. Holders of Series A
Preferred stock generally will not be entitled to any voting rights. However,
the consent of Series A Preferred Stock shall be required before certain
corporate actions may be taken, such as amending the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws so as to change any of the rights of the Preferred
Stock holders, or to purchase for value any common stock while there exists
any arrearage in payment of dividends. Series A Preferred Stock holders shall
also have the right to elect one director to the board in the event the
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for more than two
consecutive quarters.

Number of Directors

     ZiaSun's authorized number of directors is not less than three and no
more than seven or such number as determined by the board of directors.

     Telescan's authorized nu