URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/820235/000095015201502412/0000950152-01-502412.txt

REET 1:		2000 EASTMAN DR
		CITY:			MILFORD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45150
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5135762400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		2000 EASTMAN DRIVE
		CITY:			MILFORD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45212

PREM14A

l88781aprem14a.txt

STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH--PRELIM. PROXY MERGER

                                  SCHEDULE 14A
                                 (RULE 14A-101)

                     INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT

                            SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

           PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(A) OF THE SECURITIES
                              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

     Filed by the Registrant [X]
     Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [_]
     Check the appropriate box:
[X]  Preliminary Proxy Statement    [_] Confidential, For Use of the Commission
                                        Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
[_]  Definitive Proxy Statement
[_]  Definitive Additional Materials
[_]  Soliciting Material Pursuant to Rule 14a-11(c) or Rule 14a-12

                    STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[_]  No fee required.
[X]  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
(1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

                                  Common Stock
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

                                   35,930,666
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee
is calculated and state how it was determined):

                                     $25.00
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

                                 898,266,650
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(5) Total fee paid:
                                    $ 179,654
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[_] Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:

[_] Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule
0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid
previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or
the form or schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) Amount previously paid:
                                       N/A
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement no.:
                                       N/A
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3) Filing Party:
                                       N/A
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) Date Filed:
                                       N/A
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT,
                   SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JUNE 4, 2001

                    STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION
                               2000 Eastman Drive
                               Milford, Ohio 45150

Dear Shareholder:

         You are cordially invited to attend our special meeting of shareholders
of Structural Dynamics Research Corporation, or SDRC, which will be held on
___________, 2001 at _:__ a.m., local time, at________________________________,
Dallas, Texas _____.

         At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on
proposals to: (i) adopt and approve a merger agreement dated as of May 23, 2001
among Electronic Data Systems Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or EDS,
Emerald Acquisition Corporation I, or Sub, a Delaware corporation and a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of EDS, and SDRC, pursuant to which Sub will merge with
and into SDRC, and approve the merger, (ii) grant our board of directors
discretionary authority to adjourn the special meeting to solicit additional
votes for adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger, and (iii) transact such other business as may properly come before the
meeting or any adjournment thereof. The merger agreement provides that, upon
consummation of the merger, each share of Class A Common Stock, no par value, of
SDRC, including the associated right to purchase common shares, issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the merger, other than shares owned by EDS, its
subsidiaries, us, our subsidiaries or by shareholders exercising dissenters'
rights, will be converted into the right to receive $25 in cash.

         After careful consideration, our board of directors has determined that
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it are in the best
interests of SDRC and its shareholders. Accordingly, the members of the board of
directors unanimously approved the proposals and recommends that you vote FOR
such proposals. The enclosed proxy statement more fully describes the details of
the business to be conducted at the special meeting.

         After reading the proxy statement, please mark, date, sign and return
the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying reply envelope as promptly as
possible but no later than _______, 2001. No additional postage is necessary if
mailed in the United States. You can also vote your shares using the Internet or
the telephone. Instructions for using these convenient services are set forth on
the enclosed proxy card. If you decide to attend the special meeting and would
prefer to vote in person, please notify the Secretary of the Company that you
wish to vote in person and your proxy will not be voted. YOUR VOTE IS VERY
IMPORTANT. ADOPTION AND APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVAL OF THE
MERGER REQUIRE THE AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF HOLDERS OF TWO-THIRDS OF OUR TOTAL
OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. YOUR SHARES CANNOT BE VOTED UNLESS YOU SIGN,
DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD, VOTE USING THE TELEPHONE OR OVER THE
INTERNET, OR ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON.

         We look forward to seeing you at the special meeting.

                                         Sincerely yours,

                                         William J. Weyand
                                         Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                         Executive Officer
Milford, Ohio
________, 2001

                    STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION
                               2000 Eastman Drive
                               Milford, Ohio 45150

                    NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                            TO BE HELD _______, 2001

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:

         You are cordially invited to attend the special meeting of shareholders
of Structural Dynamics Research Corporation, an Ohio corporation, to be held on
_________, 2001 at _:__ a.m., local time, at ________________, Dallas, Texas
_____, for the following purposes:

         1. To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt and approve a merger
agreement dated as of May 23, 2001 among Electronic Data Systems Corporation, a
Delaware corporation, or EDS, Emerald Acquisition Corporation I, or Sub, a
Delaware corporation and a direct wholly- owned subsidiary of EDS, and SDRC,
pursuant to which Sub will merge with and into SDRC, and approve the merger. The
merger agreement provides that, upon consummation of the merger, each share of
Class A Common Stock, no par value, of the Company, including the associated
right to purchase common shares, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Merger, other than shares owned by EDS, its subsidiaries, us and our
subsidiaries or by shareholders exercising dissenters' rights, will be converted
into the right to receive $25 in cash;

         2. To grant our board of directors discretionary authority to adjourn
the special meeting to solicit additional votes for approval of the merger
agreement and the merger; and

         3. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
meeting or any adjournment thereof.

         The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the proxy
statement that accompanies this Notice.

         Only shareholders of record at the close of business on ________, 2001
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting and at any
continuation or adjournment thereof. A list of shareholders entitled to vote at
the special meeting will be available for inspection at our executive offices.

         Our board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement
and determined that the merger is advisable; that the merger agreement and the
merger are in the best interests of our company and our shareholders; and that
the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are fair to the shareholders.
The Board unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" the proposals and adopt and
approve the merger agreement and approve the merger.

         All shareholders are cordially invited and encouraged to attend the
special meeting. In any event, to assure your representation at the meeting,
please carefully read the accompanying proxy statement which describes the
matters to be voted on at the special meeting and vote by completing and mailing
the enclosed proxy card to us or by voting by phone or over the internet as
described in the instructions accompanying the enclosed proxy card. If you sign,
date and return the enclosed proxy card in the reply envelope provided without
indicating how you want to vote, your proxy will count as a vote in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement. Should you receive more than one proxy because
your shares are registered in different names

and addresses, each proxy should be returned to assure that all your shares will
be voted. If you attend the special meeting in person, you may vote your shares
personally on all matters even if you have previously returned a proxy card or
voted by phone or over the Internet. The prompt return of your proxy card or
your vote by phone or over the Internet will assist us in preparing for the
special meeting.

         We look forward to seeing you at the special meeting.

                                    BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                                    John A. Mongelluzzo
                                    Secretary and General Counsel

Milford, Ohio
_________, 2001

         ALL SHAREHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN
PERSON. IN ANY EVENT, TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, YOU
ARE URGED TO SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD OR VOTE BY PHONE OR OVER
THE INTERNET IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THE PROXY CARD TO
ENSURE THAT YOUR SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. YOUR VOTE IS
VERY IMPORTANT. ADOPTION AND APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVAL OF
THE MERGER REQUIRE THE AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF HOLDERS OF TWO-THIRDS OF OUR TOTAL
OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK.

                                

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

Questions and Answers about the Merger.........................................1
SUMMARY........................................................................4
RISK FACTORS..................................................................13
THE SPECIAL MEETING...........................................................16
         General..............................................................16
         Date, Time and Place.................................................16
         Matters to Be Considered at the Special Meeting......................16
         Record Date..........................................................16
         Voting of Proxies....................................................16
         Vote Required........................................................17
         Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes.............................17
         Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses.................................18
THE COMPANIES.................................................................19
         SDRC.................................................................19
         EDS and Sub..........................................................19
THE MERGER....................................................................21
         General Description..................................................21
         Background of the Merger.............................................21
         SDRC'S Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of Board of Directors..27
         Opinion of SDRC's Financial Advisor..................................28
         Interests of Certain Persons in the Transactions.....................35
         Certain Beneficial Owners............................................38
         Management...........................................................39
         Material Federal Income Tax Consequences.............................43
         Anticipated Accounting Treatment of the Merger.......................44
         Regulatory Approvals Relating to the Merger..........................44
THE MERGER AGREEMENT..........................................................45
THE VOTING AGREEMENT..........................................................61
THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT....................................................62
OHIO STATUTORY DISSENTERS' RIGHTS.............................................63
OTHER MATTERS.................................................................66
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS.........................................................66

LIST OF APPENDICES
A - OPINION OF BEAR, STEARNS & CO., INC........................................A
B - AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER...............................................B
C - VOTING AGREEMENT ..........................................................C
D - OPTION AGREEMENT ..........................................................D
E - OHIO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS STATUTE............................................E

                                       i

                    STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION
                               2000 Eastman Drive
                               Milford, Ohio 45150

                                 PROXY STATEMENT
                     FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                          TO BE HELD ON ________, 2001

         The questions and answers beginning on this page relate to the merger
of Sub with and into SDRC, which is referred to in the proxy statement as the
"merger."

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

1     Q:     WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN THE MERGER?

      A:     In the merger, Sub will be merged with and into SDRC, with SDRC
             surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDS. Our
             common shareholders will receive cash payments of $25 per share
             for their shares of our stock.

2.    Q:     WHERE AND WHEN IS THE SPECIAL MEETING?

      A:     SDRC's special meeting will take place at ______________,
             Dallas, Texas on _________________, at _______, local time.

3.    Q:     WHEN DO YOU EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

      A:     We are working to complete the merger during the third quarter of
             2001, but we cannot assure you that we will meet this goal.

4.    Q:     WHAT ARE THE SHAREHOLDERS BEING ASKED TO VOTE UPON AT THE SPECIAL
             MEETING?

      A:     The shareholders are being asked to adopt and approve the merger
             agreement and approve the merger of Sub into SDRC.

5.    Q:     WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED FOR APPROVAL?

      A:     Adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the
             merger require the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of our
             total outstanding shares of common stock on the record date. All of
             our officers and directors have agreed to vote all of their shares
             of common stock (representing approximately 0.4% of the outstanding
             shares of common stock) for adoption and approval of the merger
             agreement and approval of the merger.

6.    Q:     HOW DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMEND THAT I VOTE?

      A:     Our board of directors, by a unanimous vote of all directors, has
             approved the merger and the merger agreement and recommends that
             the shareholders vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger
             agreement and approval of the merger. The board of directors has
             determined that the merger is advisable and is fair to, and in the
             best interests of, our shareholders.

7.    Q:     WHAT HAPPENS IF I TRANSFER MY SHARES AFTER THE RECORD DATE?

      A:     The merger will not occur until after the record date for the
             special meeting. Therefore, if you transfer your shares of common
             stock after the record date, but prior to the merger, you will
             retain the right to vote the shares at the special meeting, but you
             will lose the right to receive the merger consideration.

8.    Q:     WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

      A:     After carefully reading and considering the information contained
             in this proxy statement, please respond by completing, signing and
             dating your proxy card or voting instructions and returning it in
             the enclosed, postage-paid envelope or voting by telephone or over
             the Internet as soon as possible so that your shares may be
             represented at the special meeting. To receive the merger
             consideration, you must hold your shares at the time the merger
             becomes effective.

9.    Q:     WHAT HAPPENS IF I DON'T RETURN A PROXY CARD?

      A:     If you do not return your proxy card or vote by phone or over the
             Internet and you do not attend and vote at the special meeting, it
             will have the same effect as voting against the merger.

10.   Q:     MAY I VOTE IN PERSON?

      A:     Yes. You may attend the special meeting and may vote your shares in
             person, rather than signing and mailing a proxy card or voting by
             telephone or over the Internet.

11.   Q:     MAY I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE MAILED MY SIGNED AND DATED PROXY
             CARD OR VOTED BY PHONE OR OVER THE INTERNET?

      A:     Yes. You may change your vote at any time before your proxy card or
             phone or Internet vote is voted at the special meeting by following
             the instructions as detailed in "The Special Meeting - Voting of
             Proxies" on page ___. Before your proxy card or phone or Internet
             vote is voted, you may submit a new proxy card or phone or Internet
             vote or you may attend the special meeting and vote in person.

12.   Q:     IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY
             BROKER VOTE MY SHARES FOR ME?

      A:     Your broker will vote your shares of common stock only if you
             provide instructions on how to vote. You should instruct your
             broker how to vote your shares, following the directions your
             broker provides. If you do not provide instructions to your broker
             and you do not attend and vote at the special meeting, your shares
             will not be voted and they will have the same effect as votes
             against the merger.

13.   Q:     DO I HAVE ANY RIGHTS TO AVOID PARTICIPATING IN THE MERGER?

      A:     Yes. You have the right to withhold your vote for the merger,
             dissent and seek appraisal value for your shares.

14.   Q:     WHAT ARE THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER?

      A:     You will generally recognize gain or loss for federal income tax
             purposes equal to the difference between the amount of cash you
             receive in the merger and the adjusted basis of your shares. The
             specific tax consequences to you depend on your particular
             circumstances. Accordingly, you are urged to consult your tax
             advisor as to the specific tax consequences to you of the merger,
             including the effects of state, local or other tax laws.

15.   Q:     SHOULD I SEND IN MY SHARE CERTIFICATES NOW?

      A:     No. After the merger is completed, we will send you written
             instructions for exchanging your share certificates.

16.   Q:     WHO CAN HELP ANSWER MY QUESTIONS?

      A:     If you have additional questions about the merger, you should
             contact ____________________________.

                                     SUMMARY

         This brief summary highlights selected information from this document
and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. For a more
complete understanding of the merger and for a more complete description of the
legal terms of the merger, you should carefully read this entire document, the
merger agreement, which is attached as Appendix B, and the other available
information referred to in "Where you can find more information" on page ___.
For convenience, Electronic Data Systems Corporation will be referred to in this
proxy statement as "EDS" and Emerald Acquisition Corporation I will be referred
to as "Sub."

THE COMPANIES (SEE PAGE ___)

STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION
2000 Eastman Drive
Milford, Ohio 45150
(513) 576-2400

         SDRC is a leading developer and global provider of software solutions
for collaborative product development. Customers use our mechanical design
automation and product knowledge management software solutions to develop
mechanical products and manage information about their products. Our software
solutions facilitate innovation through collaboration, enabling customers to
optimize product development early in the design process, increase productivity
and significantly improve time-to-market. Our software solutions enhance the
efficiency of the design process, allowing product-related information to be
distributed throughout the enterprise. These solutions are most valuable to
companies seeking to accelerate their time to market for new products in
response to increased competition. Complementing our software solutions, we
support our customers with training, software implementation, consulting and
hotline services. We have a worldwide professional services staff with extensive
knowledge of information management, mechanical design technology and
development processes.

         A broad range of customers use our software tools and services with the
highest concentration of users in the automotive, electronics, industrial
machinery and aerospace industries. Our products provide the productivity
benefits of leading-edge capabilities, such as ease-of-use, team-oriented
product development, best-in-class design, performance simulation, data sharing
and integrated applications. Our software products are available on the leading
engineering workstations using UNIX and Microsoft Windows operating systems.

ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION
5400 Legacy Drive
Plano, Texas  75024
(972) 604-6000

         EDS has been a leader in the global information technology (IT)
services industry for almost 40 years. EDS provides strategy, implementation and
hosting services and solutions for clients managing the complexities of the
digital economy, bringing together the world's best technologies to address its
clients' critical business imperatives. EDS' end-to-end portfolio of services
integrates four lines of business - Information Solutions, Business Process
Management, E.solutions and A.T. Kearney - to help clients solve complex
business issues and achieve results

with technology. EDS' seven Global Industry Groups - Communications, Energy,
Financial, Government, Health Care, Manufacturing and Retail, and Transportation
- - - work with each of EDS' lines of business and client executive teams to most
effectively position the company within its target markets.

         On May 23, 2001, EDS announced its intention to acquire all of the
shares of Unigraphics Solutions Inc., or UGS, that it did not currently hold.
EDS currently holds all of the issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock of
UGS and none of UGS' Class A Common Stock, which is publicly-traded. As a result
of its ownership of the Class B Common Stock, EDS controls 98.4% of the voting
power of UGS. Upon consummation of the acquisitions of both UGS and SDRC, EDS
will establish a fifth line of business by combining the businesses of UGS and
SDRC. The closing of the SDRC merger is not conditioned upon EDS completing its
acquisition of UGS.

         Sub is a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDS. Sub was formed solely for the
purpose of effecting the merger and has conducted no independent operations.

         Neither EDS nor Sub is an affiliate of SDRC.

OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION

         When the merger occurs, Sub will be merged with and into SDRC, with
SDRC surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDS. At that time, each issued
and outstanding share of common stock will cease to be outstanding and will be
converted into the right to receive $25.00 in cash, without interest.

RECOMMENDATION TO SHAREHOLDERS

         Our board of directors has determined that the merger is in the best
interests of SDRC and our shareholders, and recommends that our shareholders
vote FOR adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger.

OPINION OF SDRC'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR (See pages ___ through ___)

         On May 23, 2001, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., or Bear Stearns, delivered
an opinion to the SDRC board of directors that, as of the date of the opinion,
the merger consideration to be received by SDRC's shareholders in the merger was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the shareholders of SDRC. We have
attached this opinion as Annex A to this proxy statement. We encourage you to
read the opinion carefully in its entirety to understand the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken by Bear Stearns in providing its opinion. The opinion of Bear Stearns
is directed to the SDRC board of directors and does not constitute a
recommendation to any SDRC shareholder with respect to any matter relating to
the merger. We have paid Bear Stearns a fee that we believe is within the range
of customary amounts for transactions of this nature.

THE SPECIAL MEETING (See page ___)

         The special meeting of our shareholders is scheduled to be held on
__________, 2001 at ____, local time, at ________________, Dallas, Texas _____.

RECORD DATE; VOTING POWER (See pages __ through __)

         Our board of directors has fixed the close of business on _________,
2001 as the record date to determine holders of shares of our common stock
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

         On the record date, there were __________ shares of common stock
outstanding and held by approximately ____ record holders. If you held common
stock at the close of business on the record date, you are entitled to one vote
per share on the approval of the merger agreement proposal.

VOTING SECURITIES AND VOTE REQUIRED (See pages ___ through ___)

Quorum

         In order for the special meeting to be held, a quorum must be present.
A quorum is established when a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock are represented at the special meeting either in person or by proxy.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted for purposes of determining the
presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business.

Merger Proposal

         Our board of directors fixed the close of business on ___________, 2001
as the record date for determining those shareholders who are entitled to notice
of and to vote at the special meeting. Only holders of common stock of record on
our books at the close of business on the record date have the right to receive
notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On the record date, there were
_____________ shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

         You will have one vote for each share of common stock owned on the
record date. Approval and adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger require the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

         Brokers who hold shares in street name for customers who are the
beneficial owners of such shares may not give a proxy to vote those shares
without specific instructions from their customers. Any abstention or broker
non-vote will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption and approval
of the merger agreement and approval of the merger.

         PROPERLY EXECUTED PROXIES THAT WE RECEIVE BEFORE THE VOTE AT THE
SPECIAL MEETING THAT ARE NOT REVOKED WILL BE VOTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
INSTRUCTIONS INDICATED ON THE PROXIES. IF NO INSTRUCTIONS ARE INDICATED, SUCH
PROXIES WILL BE VOTED "FOR" THE PROPOSAL TO ADOPT AND APPROVE THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND TO APPROVE THE MERGER. ADDITIONALLY, THE PROXY HOLDER MAY VOTE THE
PROXY IN HIS OR HER DISCRETION AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER THAT MAY COME PROPERLY
BEFORE THE SPECIAL MEETING. IF NECESSARY, THE PROXY HOLDER MAY VOTE IN FAVOR OF
A PROPOSAL TO ADJOURN THE SPECIAL MEETING IN ORDER TO PERMIT FURTHER
SOLICITATION OF PROXIES IF THERE ARE NOT SUFFICIENT VOTES TO APPROVE A PROPOSAL
AT THE TIME OF THE SPECIAL MEETING. HOWEVER, NO PROXY HOLDER WILL VOTE ANY
PROXIES VOTED AGAINST APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT IN FAVOR OF
A PROPOSAL TO ADJOURN THE SPECIAL MEETING.

         Each of our officers and directors is a party to a voting agreement
with EDS, dated May 23, 2001. Each of the officers and directors has agreed,
subject to the terms and conditions of the voting agreement, to vote all of the
shares of common stock owned by him (representing approximately 0.4% of the
outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting) in
favor of adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the
merger.

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (See pages ___ through ___)

         The merger agreement is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix B.
You should read the merger agreement carefully. It is the legal agreement that
governs the merger.

No Solicitation by SDRC

         Subject to the applicable fiduciary duties to its shareholders, our
board of directors has agreed that we, our board, our subsidiaries and our
affiliates will not do any of the following:

o    continue any discussions or negotiations that were underway with any third
     party at the time of signing of the merger agreement with respect to a
     possible sale or merger or other business combination transaction involving
     SDRC;

o    solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage any alternative business
     combination proposal;

o    participate in any discussions or negotiations concerning, or provide any
     information or data or access to any of our properties in connection with
     an alternative business combination proposal;

o    take any other action to facilitate, or that may lead to, the making of an
     alternative business combination proposal; or

o    enter into any agreement with respect to an alternative business
     combination transaction.

Conditions Precedent

         The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction of a number of
conditions, including:

         o    the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of our
              outstanding shares of common stock;

         o    the absence of any order of any court or other legal restraint
              preventing or prohibiting the merger;

         o    the absence of any statute, code or regulation of a governmental
              entity preventing or prohibiting the merger and enacted since we
              signed the merger agreement;

         o    the receipt of all regulatory approvals, including any which may
              be required from the Federal Trade Commission and the Department
              of Justice and any required by foreign

              antitrust or competition rules and regulations, and the expiration
              or termination of all applicable waiting periods;

         o    the continued accuracy of each party's representations and
              warranties, other than inaccuracies that would not, in general,
              materially affect the party or the merger; and

         o    the fulfillment in all material respects of each party's
              agreements contained in the merger agreement.

         Each party to the merger may waive any condition that is intended for
its benefit, other than conditions that cannot be waived, such as shareholder
approval, any HSR waiting period or a governmental restraint. If any of SDRC,
Sub or EDS elects to waive a condition and complete the merger, we will evaluate
the facts and circumstances giving rise to the waiver at that time. EVEN IF THE
HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK ADOPT AND APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND APPROVE
THE MERGER, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE MERGER WILL BE CONSUMMATED.

Termination

         In addition to terminating upon mutual written consent, any party may
terminate the merger agreement under the following circumstances:

         o    the merger has not been completed on or before November 30, 2001,
              but this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be
              available to any party whose breach of the merger agreement has
              been the cause of or resulted in the failure to complete the
              merger by that date;

         o    any governmental entity has issued a final judgment, order or
              decree, or a statute, code or regulation of a governmental entity
              has been enacted, preventing the consummation of the merger; or

         o    the special meeting has been held and the requisite approval of
              our shareholders was not obtained.

         We may terminate the merger agreement under the following
circumstances:

         o    if EDS or Sub has materially breached the merger agreement and
              the breach is not curable or has not been cured within 20 days
              following receipt of written notice of such breach; or

         o    prior to receiving shareholder approval if our board of directors,
              in compliance with its fiduciary duties, determines that a
              transaction proposal from a third party is superior to EDS'
              proposal, and EDS does not match that superior proposal;

         In addition, EDS, but not SDRC, may terminate the merger agreement
under the following circumstances:

         o    if we have breached a representation or warranty in the merger
              agreement or breached or failed to comply with any of our
              covenants or agreements in the merger agreement, and the breach or
              failure is not curable or has not been cured within 20 business
              days following receipt of written notice of such breach or
              failure;

         o    if our board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes its
              recommendation or approval of the merger agreement or the merger
              in any manner which is adverse to EDS;

         o    if we entered into an agreement with any entity other than EDS
              with respect to a competing takeover or merger proposal;

         o    if our board of directors approves, recommends, fails to recommend
              against or takes no position with respect to an alternative
              business combination proposal from a party other than EDS;

         o    if we do not timely mail this proxy statement to our shareholders
              or call or hold our special meeting;

         o    if we exempt any acquisition of shares of our common stock from
              Ohio's interested shareholder statute or amend our rights plan
              for purposes of exempting an acquisition of shares of our common
              stock from the rights plan; or;

         o    if our board of directors resolves to do any of the foregoing.

TERMINATION FEE (See page __)

         We would be required to pay EDS a $30 million termination fee, plus
EDS's out of pocket expenses up to $2 million, if the merger agreement is
terminated under any of the following circumstances:

         o    by EDS if (i) the merger has not been consummated by November 30,
              2001, the requisite shareholder vote was not obtained or we have
              materially breached the merger agreement, and the breach cannot be
              or has not been timely cured, and (ii) at or prior to termination,
              we have received a competing takeover or merger proposal that has
              not been withdrawn or abandoned;

         o    by EDS if (i) our board has withdrawn or modified its
              recommendation that our shareholders approve the merger in a
              manner adverse to EDS, (ii) our board has recommended or failed to
              recommend against any alternative business combination proposal,
              (iii) our board has exempted any acquisition of shares of our
              common stock from Ohio's interested shareholder statute or from
              our rights plan, (iv) we enter into an agreement with respect to
              an alternative business combination proposal, or (v) we do not
              timely mail this proxy statement to our shareholders or hold our
              special meeting; or

         o    by SDRC, if our board of directors determines that an alternative
              business combination proposal from a party other than EDS is
              superior to EDS' proposal, and EDS does not match that superior
              proposal from another party.

         We would also be required to pay a $30 million termination fee if,
         within twelve months after either party terminates the merger agreement
         because our shareholders did not approve the merger, we enter into an
         agreement for an alternative business combination.

VOTING AGREEMENT

         Each of our officers and directors is a party to a voting agreement
with EDS dated May 23, 2001. Each of the officers and directors has agreed,
subject to the terms and conditions of the voting agreement, to vote all of the
shares of common stock owned by him (representing approximately 0.4% of the
outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting) in
favor of approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the transactions
contemplated thereby. The voting agreement is attached to this proxy as Appendix
C.

OPTION AGREEMENT

         In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, we granted an
irrevocable option to EDS to purchase up to 10% of our issued and outstanding
shares of common stock at an exercise price per share of $25.00. The option will
not be exercisable unless an event occurs that causes the termination fee to
become payable to EDS. If EDS receives the termination fee, EDS will be required
to remit to us any proceeds it receives from us from the sale of the option or
the underlying shares in excess of the termination fee. The option agreement is
attached to this proxy as Appendix D.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES (See page ___)

         You will generally recognize gain or loss for federal income tax
purposes equal to the difference between the amount of cash you receive in the
merger and the adjusted basis of your shares. The specific tax consequences to
you depend on your particular circumstances. Accordingly, you are urged to
consult your tax advisor as to the specific tax consequences to you of the
merger, including the effects of state, local or other tax laws.

REGULATORY APPROVALS (See page __)

         The merger is subject to the requirements of the U.S. antitrust laws,
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, or HSR Act, which
provides that the merger may not be consummated until the required waiting
period has expired or early termination of the waiting period is granted. The
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and any state regulator
may challenge the merger at any time before or after its completion.

TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS

         Each employee stock option to purchase shares of common stock vested
and outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be canceled in exchange for
cash equal to the difference between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and
the exercise price per share of that option.

Each unvested option to purchase shares of common stock outstanding immediately
prior to the merger, which does not vest as a result of the merger, will be
canceled in exchange for, at EDS's option, either (i) cash equal to the
difference between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise price
per share of that option or (ii) an amount of cash equal to 25% of the amount
described in (i) above plus an option to purchase EDS common stock options with
a Black-Scholes value equal to 75% of the amount described in (i) above.

         EDS currently intends to exchange unvested options for the
consideration described in (ii) above. However, EDS may determine to exchange
the unvested options for the consideration described in (i) above, taking into
consideration applicable tax, securities and other local laws in domestic and
foreign jurisdictions.

         Each director stock option to purchase shares of common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the merger, whether vested or unvested, will be
canceled in exchange for cash equal to the difference between the $25.00 cash
merger consideration and the exercise price per share of that option.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE TRANSACTION (See page __)

         Some members of our board of directors and officers have interests in
the merger that may differ from your interests as a holder of our common stock:

o    Nineteen of our officers are parties to severance compensation agreements
     with SDRC. Pursuant to such agreements, they will become entitled to
     receive severance payments from us as a result of the merger. As a result
     of the merger, and assuming all nineteen officers' employment is
     terminated, our officers will receive a total of approximately $_____
     million in cash under these agreements.

o    Our directors and officers have entered into a voting agreement with EDS
     dated as of May 23, 2001. Pursuant to such agreement, they have agreed to
     vote their shares of our common stock in favor of the merger agreement and
     the merger.

o    For a period of six years following completion of the merger, EDS will
     indemnify and will cause the surviving corporation in the merger to
     indemnify our and our subsidiaries' present and former directors and
     officers.

o    Each outstanding option to purchase SDRC common stock held by our
     directors, whether vested or unvested, will be canceled and converted into
     a right to receive cash equal to the difference between the $25.00 cash
     merger consideration and the exercise price per share of the options.

o    Each outstanding option to purchase SDRC common stock held by our officers,
     whether vested or unvested, will, pursuant to our officers' employment
     arrangements, be canceled and converted into a right to receive cash equal
     to the difference between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the
     exercise price per share of the options.

o    Five of our executive officers will receive payments under our Total
     Shareholder Return Plan, also referred to as the 2001 Long-Term Performance
     Plan, equal to two and one-half times each executive's current target award
     times an adjustment factor, with payments to these executives totaling
     approximately $___ million, assuming the maximum performance adjustment
     factor.

o    The six executive officers are entitled to a tax "gross up" payment to
     cover excise taxes associated with IRC section 280G due to a change in
     control in the total amount of approximately $______.

         As of May 23, 2001, directors and executive officers of SDRC and their
affiliates as a group owned approximately 0.4% of the outstanding shares of SDRC
common stock. The approval and adoption of the merger requires the affirmative
vote of two-thirds of our outstanding common stock as of the record date for the
special meeting.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS (See page __)

         Our common shareholders are entitled to dissenters' rights under
Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law. Holders of record must
follow the steps summarized on page ___ properly and in a timely manner to
perfect dissenters' rights. Persons having a beneficial interest in common stock
held of record in the name of another person, such as a broker or nominee, must
act promptly to cause the record holder to take any of these required steps.
Under Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law, the common
shareholders who do not wish to accept the merger consideration provided for in
the merger agreement and who follow the procedures set forth in Section 1701.85
will be entitled to have their common stock appraised and to receive payment in
cash of the "fair value" of their common stock, exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together
with a fair rate of interest, if any, as determined by a court. The "fair value"
may be more or less than the merger consideration. The full text of Section
1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law is reprinted in its entirety as
Appendix E.

                           FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

         This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the
`safe harbor' provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
with respect to SDRC's financial conditions, results of operations and
businesses and the expected impact of the merger on EDS and SDRC. Words such as
`anticipates,' `expects,' `intends,' `plans,' `believes,' `seeks,' `estimates,'
and similar expressions indicate forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements. In
evaluating the merger, you should carefully consider the discussion of risks and
uncertainties in the immediately following section entitled `Risk Factors,'
those set forth under `The Merger - Background of the Merger,' `The Merger -
SDRC's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Board of Directors' and
`The Merger - Opinion of SDRC's Financial Advisor,' and in the information
included elsewhere in this proxy statement.

         Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement.

         All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable
to SDRC or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section.
SDRC does not assume any obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this proxy
statement.

                                  RISK FACTORS

         In addition to the other information contained in this proxy statement,
you should carefully consider the following risk factors in deciding whether to
vote for the merger. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business
and prospects may be seriously harmed. In such case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline.

RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER

FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR STOCK PRICE AND
FUTURE BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS.

         If the merger is not completed for any reason, we may be subject to a
number of material risks, including the following:

         o    We may be required to pay EDS a termination fee of $30 million,
              plus reimburse up to $2.0 million of EDS' expenses;

         o    the price of our common stock may decline to the extent that the
              current market price of our common stock reflects a market
              assumption that the merger will be completed;

         o    costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and
              financial advisor fees, must be paid even if the merger is not
              completed; and

         o    EDS' option to purchase up to 10% of our outstanding shares for a
              period of nine months after termination of the merger agreement
              may become exercisable, which could have an adverse effect on the
              price of our common stock.

         In addition, our customers may, in response to the announcement of the
merger, delay or defer decisions concerning us. Any delay or deferral in those
decisions by our customers or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on
us. Similarly, our current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty
about their future roles with EDS until EDS's strategies with regard to our
employees are announced or executed. This may adversely affect our ability to
attract and retain key management, sales, marketing and technical personnel.

         Further, if the merger is terminated and our board of directors
determines to seek another merger or business combination, there can be no
assurance that it will be able to find a partner willing to pay an equivalent or
more attractive price than the price to be paid in the merger. In addition,
while the merger agreement is in effect, subject to compliance with applicable
securities laws and fulfillment of its fiduciary duties, we are prohibited from
soliciting, initiating, encouraging or entering into extraordinary transactions,
such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, with any party
other than EDS.

OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS HAVE INTERESTS IN THE MERGER IN ADDITION TO THE
INTERESTS OF OTHER SDRC SHAREHOLDERS. THESE DIFFERENT INTERESTS MAY INFLUENCE
THEM TO SUPPORT OR APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

         Our directors and officers participate in arrangements that provide
them with interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to,
those of our shareholders generally, including the following:

         o    Nineteen of our officers are parties to severance compensation
              agreements with SDRC. Pursuant to such agreements, they will
              become entitled to receive severance payments from us as a result
              of the merger. As a result of the merger, and assuming all
              nineteen officer's employment is terminated, our officers will
              receive a total of approximately $_____ million in cash under
              these agreements.

         o    Our directors and officers have entered into a voting agreement
              with EDS dated as of May 23, 2001. Pursuant to such agreement,
              they have agreed to vote their shares of our common stock in favor
              of the merger agreement and the merger.

         o    For a period of six years following completion of the merger, EDS
              will indemnify and will cause the surviving corporation in the
              merger to indemnify our and our subsidiaries' present and former
              directors and officers.

         o    Each outstanding option to purchase SDRC common stock held by our
              directors, whether vested or unvested, will be canceled and
              converted into a right to receive cash equal to the difference
              between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise
              price per share of the options.

         o    Each outstanding option to purchase SDRC common stock held by our
              officers, whether vested or unvested, will, pursuant to our
              officers employment agreement, be canceled and converted into a
              right to receive cash equal to the difference between the $25.00
              cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of the
              options.

         o    Five of our executive officers will receive payments under our
              Total Shareholder Return Plan equal to two and one-half times each
              executive's current target award times an adjustment factor, with
              payments to these executives totaling $___ million assuming the
              maximum performance adjustment factor.

         o    The six executive officers are entitled to a tax "gross up"
              payment to cover excise taxes associated with IRC section 280G
              due to a change in control in the total amount of approximately
              $______.

         As a result of these interests, our directors and officers could be
more likely to vote to approve the merger agreement than if they did not hold
these interests. Our shareholders should consider whether these interests may
have influenced these directors and officers to support or recommend the merger.

                               THE SPECIAL MEETING

GENERAL

         We are furnishing this proxy statement to holders of SDRC's common
stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by SDRC's board of
directors for use at SDRC's Special Meeting to be held on _______, 2001, and any
adjournment or postponement of that meeting.

         This proxy statement is first being mailed to SDRC's shareholders on or
about _______, 2001.

DATE, TIME AND PLACE

         SDRC's Special Meeting will be held on ________, 2001 at _:__a.m.,
local time, at ________________, Dallas, Texas _____.

MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING

         At the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the
special meeting, SDRC's shareholders will be asked:

         o    to consider and vote upon the adoption and approval of the merger
              agreement and approval of the merger;

         o    to grant SDRC's board of directors discretionary authority to
              adjourn the special meeting to solicit additional votes for
              adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of the
              merger; and

         o    to transact such other business as may properly come before the
              special meeting.

RECORD DATE

         SDRC's board of directors has fixed the close of business on ________,
2001, as the record date for determination of SDRC's shareholders entitled to
notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

VOTING OF PROXIES

         SDRC requests that its shareholders complete, date and sign the
accompanying proxy and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope, vote by
telephone or over the Internet in accordance with the instructions accompanying
the proxy card. Brokers holding shares in `street name' may vote the shares only
if the shareholder provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide
instructions to beneficial owners on how to direct the broker to vote the
shares. All properly executed proxies that SDRC receives prior to the vote at
the special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with
the instructions indicated on the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, to
adopt and approve the merger agreement and to approve the merger. SDRC's board
of directors does not currently intend to bring any other business before the

special meeting and SDRC's board of directors is not aware of any other matters
to be brought before the special meeting. If other business properly comes
before the special meeting, the proxies will be voted in accordance with the
judgment of the proxyholders.

         A shareholder may revoke his or her proxy at any time prior to its use:

         o    by delivering to the secretary of SDRC a signed notice of
              revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy; or

         o    by attending the special meeting and voting in person.

         Attendance at the Special Meeting does not in itself constitute the
revocation of a proxy.

VOTE REQUIRED

         As of the close of business on _________, 2001, there were _________
shares of SDRC common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. The holders of
two-thirds of the outstanding shares of SDRC common stock as of the close of
business on _________, 2001 must adopt and approve the merger agreement and
approve the merger. SDRC shareholders have one vote per share of SDRC common
stock owned on the record date.

         As of May 23, 2001, directors and officers of SDRC and their affiliates
owned an aggregate of 145,000 shares of SDRC common stock (exclusive of any
shares issuable upon the exercise of options) or approximately 0.4% of the
shares of SDRC common stock outstanding on such date. Pursuant to a voting
agreement, these officers and directors have agreed to vote all of their shares
of SDRC common stock (or approximately 0.4% of SDRC's common stock outstanding
as of May 23, 2001) for adoption and approval of the merger agreement. As of May
23, 2001, directors and executive officers of EDS did not own any shares of SDRC
common stock. See `The Merger -- Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger.'

QUORUM; ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES

         The required quorum for the transaction of business at the SDRC special
meeting is a majority of the shares of SDRC common stock issued and outstanding
on the record date. Abstentions and broker non-votes each will be included in
determining the number of shares present at the meeting for the purpose of
determining the presence of a quorum. Because adoption and approval of the
merger agreement and approval of the merger requires the affirmative vote of
two-thirds of the outstanding shares of SDRC common stock entitled to vote,
abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as votes against
adoption of the merger agreement. In addition, the failure of an SDRC
shareholder to vote, either by returning a proxy, voting by phone or over the
Internet or by attending and voting at the special meeting will have the effect
of a vote against adoption and approval of the merger agreement and approval of
the merger. Brokers holding shares for beneficial owners cannot vote on the
actions proposed in this proxy statement without the owners' specific
instructions. Accordingly, SDRC shareholders are urged to return the enclosed
proxy card marked to indicate their vote.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES AND EXPENSES

         In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors, officers and
employees of SDRC may solicit proxies from SDRC's shareholders by telephone,
facsimile or in person. No additional compensation will be paid to directors,
officers or employees of SDRC for any solicitations. Brokerage houses, nominees,
fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward soliciting
materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable
expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners. The expenses
of soliciting proxies, including expenses related to the printing and mailing of
this proxy statement, are being paid by SDRC.

                                  THE COMPANIES

SDRC

         SDRC is a leading developer and global provider of software solutions
for collaborative product development. Customers use our mechanical design
automation and product knowledge management software solutions to develop
mechanical products and manage information about their products. Our software
solutions facilitate innovation through collaboration, enabling customers to
optimize product development early in the design process, increase productivity
and significantly improve time-to-market. Our software solutions enhance the
efficiency of the design process, allowing product-related information to be
distributed throughout the enterprise. These solutions are most valuable to
companies seeking to accelerate their time to market for new products in
response to increased competition. Complementing our software solutions, we
support our customers with training, software implementation, consulting and
hotline services. We have a worldwide professional services staff with extensive
knowledge of information management, mechanical design technology and
development processes.

         A broad range of customers use SDRC's software tools and services with
the highest concentration of users in the automotive, electronics, industrial
machinery and aerospace industries. SDRC's products provide the productivity
benefits of leading-edge capabilities, such as ease-of-use, team-oriented
product development, best-in-class design, performance simulation, data sharing
and integrated applications. SDRC's software products are available on the
leading engineering workstations using UNIX and Microsoft Windows operating
systems.

EDS AND SUB

         EDS has been a leader in the global information technology (IT)
services industry for almost 40 years. EDS provides strategy, implementation and
hosting services and solutions for clients managing the complexities of the
digital economy, bringing together the world's best technologies to address its
clients' critical business imperatives. Currently, EDS' end-to-end portfolio of
services integrates its four lines of business - Information Solutions, Business
Process Management, E.solutions and A.T. Kearney - to help clients solve complex
business issues and achieve results with technology. EDS' seven Global Industry
Groups - Communications, Energy, Financial, Government, Health Care,
Manufacturing and Retail, and Transportation - work with each of EDS's lines of
business and client executive teams to most effectively position the company
within its target markets.

         On May 23, 2001, EDS announced its intention to acquire all of the
shares of UGS that it does not currently hold. EDS currently holds all of the
issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock of UGS and none of UGS' Class A
Common Stock, which is publicly-traded. As a result of its ownership of the
Class B Common Stock, EDS controls 98.4% of the voting power of UGS. Upon
consummation of the acquisitions of both UGS and SDRC, EDS will establish a
fifth line of business by combining the businesses of UGS and SDRC. The closing
of the SDRC merger is not conditioned upon EDS completing its acquisition of
UGS.

         Sub is a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDS. Sub was formed solely for the
purpose of effecting the merger and has conducted no independent operations.

         The principal executive offices of EDS and Sub are located at 5400
Legacy Drive, Plano, Texas 75024. The telephone number for each of these
entities is (972) 604-6000.

         Neither EDS nor Sub is an affiliate of SDRC.

                                   THE MERGER

GENERAL DESCRIPTION

         At the time the merger becomes effective, Sub will be merged with and
into SDRC. SDRC will be the surviving corporation in the merger. As a result of
the merger, our common shareholders will receive $25.00 in cash, without
interest, for each share of common stock they hold.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

         In light of increasing consolidation in the software industry, together
with increasing demand for SDRC's software that would require SDRC to make
significant expenditures on software architecture and functionality development
in order to remain competitive, in the fourth quarter of 2000, SDRC's board of
directors started regularly reviewing with senior management strategic
alternatives available to SDRC. Early in the fourth quarter of 2000, SDRC's
management instructed its financial advisor, Sonenshine Pastor & Co., to give
management an overview of strategic and financial factors affecting SDRC's
industry in general. SDRC also requested that Sonenshine Pastor include in its
overview an analysis of its business as a standalone company and following a
strategic transaction, such as a merger, joint venture, acquisition, divestiture
or spin-off, as a means to enhance business opportunities, performance and
shareholder value.

         In October and November of 2000, SDRC management received telephone
calls from several entities inquiring whether SDRC was interested in exploring a
strategic transaction. In response to the calls, members of SDRC's management
team had contact with these entities to explore on a preliminary basis strategic
alternatives, but did not sign a confidentiality agreement with any of these
entities at that time other than UGS.

         In July 2000, Mr. Anthony Affuso, chief executive officer of UGS,
called Mr. William J. Weyand, SDRC's Chairman of the board and chief executive
officer to set up a meeting to discuss possible strategic transactions between
their companies. On October 9, 2000, Messrs. Affuso, and Douglas E. Barnett,
vice president and chief financial officer of UGS, met with Messrs. Weyand and
Glenn R. Weinkoop, SDRC's president and chief operating officer, to discuss
possible business combination alternatives, including the possible acquisition
of SDRC by UGS. A preliminary non-disclosure agreement was signed prior to the
meeting.

         On November 2, 2000, the SDRC board of directors held a regular
meeting. Messrs. Weyand and Weinkoop reported to the board that the company had
received several inquiries regarding possible strategic transactions. Also, they
reviewed with the board information on the company's industry received from
Sonenshine Pastor. The board instructed Mr. Weinkoop to prepare a multi-year
plan for growing SDRC's business and to have Sonenshine Pastor make a
presentation to the board on the company's business and industry generally. The
board also directed SDRC management to inform companies making inquiries that
SDRC was open to hearing other companies' perspectives or proposals, but had not
made any decision to pursue any sale, merger or other strategic transaction.
SDRC management in turn instructed Sonenshine Pastor to assist SDRC in the
exploration of other companies' perspectives.

         On December 7, 2000 the SDRC board of directors held a regular meeting.
Messrs. H. Marshall Sonenshine and Stuart Ray of Sonenshine Pastor also attended
the meeting. At the meeting, Mr. Wienkoop reviewed SDRC's business plan and
principal strategic alternatives, and Sonenshine Pastor gave a presentation on
maximizing shareholder value. Sonenshine Pastor outlined the following three
potential strategies: (i) continue alone, (ii) sell a division of the company,
spin-off part of the company or pursue another disaggregation strategy, or (iii)
combine the entire company with another company. It also provided the board with
a list of entities to consider for strategic transactions and divided the
entities into a preferred group and a second group. The board formed a special
board committee comprised of Messrs. John E. McDowell, Bannus B. Hudson and
William P. Conlin to review strategic alternatives. The board authorized
management to meet with, talk and listen to four companies from the preferred
list that had communicated to the company an interest in marketing opportunities
or a merger transaction.

         By letter dated January 10, 2001, SDRC retained Sonenshine Pastor to
act as its financial advisor in connection with evaluating strategic
alternatives, including a possible business combination with a select number of
potential acquirers in SDRC's industry.

         On January 19, 2001, Messrs. Affuso and Barnett met with Messrs.
Weinkoop, William A. Carrelli, SDRC's vice president of business development,
and Jeffrey J. Vorholt, SDRC's chief financial officer, in Irvine, California to
discuss how SDRC and UGS might efficiently be combined, and what the combined
companies' financial structure would look like.

         On February 15, 2001, the SDRC board of directors held a regular
meeting. Messrs. John W. Larson of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, or Brobeck,
special counsel to SDRC, and Sonenshine and Ray of Sonenshine Pastor also
attended the meeting. Management updated the board on its contacts with various
parties to discuss strategic transactions. Sonenshine Pastor made a presentation
to the board outlining (i) overall market conditions affecting SDRC; (ii)
strategic and financial issues in the current market from SDRC's perspective;
and (iii) possible strategic alternatives. It also outlined for the board an
updated list of entities most interested in entering into a strategic
transaction with SDRC. The board directed SDRC's management, working with
Sonenshine Pastor, to continue exploring potential business opportunities and
strategic alternatives to improve revenue growth, profitability and shareholder
value with the most attractive entities, including potential joint ventures,
acquisitions and business combinations.

         From January 2001 through May 2001, SDRC explored a number of
strategies to grow its business and increase shareholder value, including
international and domestic transactions. During that time, SDRC signed
confidentiality agreements with, and representatives of SDRC had preliminary
discussions with, representatives of six different entities including affiliated
entities EDS and UGS. SDRC had two all-day meetings with one of the six
entities, other than EDS and UGS, and at the second of those meetings the
entity's investment bankers were present. SDRC had at least five meetings with
another entity. These meetings took place over a period of at least five months.
After discussions with the six entities were concluded, EDS was the only entity
that moved ahead with a firm offer to acquire SDRC.

         On February 22, 2001, Messrs. Affuso and Barnett met with Messrs.
Weinkoop and Carrelli to discuss the potential merits of a strategic
transaction. Following that session, each of EDS and UGS executed a
confidentiality and standstill agreement with SDRC to replace the

preliminary confidentiality agreement signed on October 9, 2000. On March 16,
2001, representatives of EDS, UGS and SDRC met to continue discussions.

         On March 22, 2001, a meeting took place in Plano, Texas, among
representatives of EDS, UGS and SDRC, including Messrs. H. Tim Hatfield, EDS'
managing director of business development and ventures, George Abigail, the then
vice president-business development of EDS, Messrs. Weyand, Weinkoop and
Carrelli as well as Messrs. Affuso and Barnett of UGS. Other participants
included representatives of Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, or DKW, financial
advisor to EDS and representatives of Sonenshine Pastor. The parties discussed
SDRC's financial forecasts and the possible strategic fit between SDRC on the
one hand and either or both of EDS and UGS on the other.

         During the month of April 2001, SDRC, through Sonenshine Pastor, made
certain additional information regarding SDRC available to EDS and UGS through
DKW. In late April DKW confirmed EDS and UGS' continued interest in SDRC to
Sonenshine Pastor following meetings it had conducted with EDS' finance
committee on April 20 and with EDS' chief executive officer on April 22, 2001.

         On April 27, 2001, EDS engaged Greenhill & Co., or Greenhill, as an
additional financial advisor in the matter.

         On May 3, 2001, a regular meeting of the SDRC board of directors was
held. Messrs. Larson of Brobeck and Sonenshine and Ray of Sonenshine Pastor also
attended the meeting. Sonenshine Pastor reported on the status of discussions
with several companies, including EDS and UGS. Company management described in
detail its meetings with representatives of EDS and UGS, and the status of
contact with other entities. Sonenshine Pastor made a detailed presentation to
the board regarding the financial outlook for SDRC as a stand alone company, the
outlook for SDRC's industry, the financial results of EDS and UGS, the
performance of the stock of EDS and UGS and possible forms of a business
combination involving SDRC and EDS and SDRC and the other entities. Mr.
Sonenshine emphasized that a transaction with EDS had not been agreed to, and
that at least until the scheduled EDS board meeting later in May, the outcome of
the discussions with EDS and its financial advisors would be uncertain. The
board discussed its preference of a stock-for-stock transaction as opposed to a
cash transaction. Mr. Larson outlined the board's legal obligations with respect
to a possible business combination between EDS and SDRC, including the legal
obligations if a cash or stock transaction was proposed to the board.

         On May 4, 2001, Messrs. Hatfield, Weyand, Weinkoop, Vorholt,
Mongelluzzo, Carrelli and Barnett met in Cincinnati, Ohio. Also present were
representatives of Sonenshine Pastor, Greenhill and DKW. At the meeting, the
parties discussed the business, product and employee fit between SDRC and EDS.

         On May 8, 2001, representatives of Sonenshine Pastor and Greenhill met
in New York to discuss preliminary structural and financial issues relevant to a
potential transaction.

         On May 11, 2001, at a telephonic meeting, Mr. Weyand and
representatives of Sonenshine Pastor updated members of the SDRC board on the
meeting in New York and the possible transaction with EDS. Mr. Sonenshine again
advised the SDRC board that the ultimate outcome of the discussions was still
uncertain and would depend in part upon an EDS due diligence review and a
meeting of the EDS board.

         On May 17 and 18, 2001, representatives of Sonenshine Pastor, Greenhill
and DKW, as well as Mr. Hatfield, met in New York to begin negotiating a
specific price and other terms of a possible transaction. While a
stock-for-stock transaction had previously been discussed, EDS determined that
it was only interested in moving forward with a cash deal.

         On May 18, 2001, counsel for EDS delivered a draft merger agreement to
counsel for SDRC.

         Between May 18, 2001 and May 21, 2001, representatives of EDS, DKW and
Greenhill continued their due diligence review of SDRC, supplementing due
diligence begun in March 2001.

         Between May 19, 2001 and May 23, 2001, representatives of SDRC and EDS
and each party's financial and legal representatives negotiated the terms of the
merger agreement among Electronic Data Systems Corporation, Emerald Acquisition
Corporation I, Inc. and SDRC.

         By letter dated May 21, 2001, SDRC retained Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
or Bear Stearns, to render a fairness opinion in connection with a possible sale
of SDRC to EDS.

         On May 21, 2001 a special telephonic meeting of the SDRC board of
directors was held. Messrs. Larson and Rodrigo J. Howard of Brobeck, and
Sonenshine and Ray of Sonenshine Pastor also attended the meeting. Mr.
Sonenshine reported on negotiations between Sonenshine Pastor, DKW and Greenhill
regarding the terms of a possible EDS acquisition of SDRC.

         On May 22, 2001, a regularly scheduled meeting of EDS' board of
directors was held. All of EDS's board members were present. Also present were
Messrs. Robert F. Greenhill and Jeffrey F. Buckalew, representatives of
Greenhill, and Messrs. Kerry North and Brian R. MacLeod, representatives of DKW,
who made a presentation to the EDS board on matters relating to the merger.
Following this discussion, the EDS board unanimously approved the merger
agreement.

         On May 23, 2001 a special meeting of the SDRC board of directors was
held. All board members attended in person or telephonically. Also present were
Messrs. Edward M. Rimland and several other representatives of Bear Stearns,
Sonenshine and Ray and several other representatives of Sonenshine Pastor, and
Larson and Howard, representatives of Brobeck. Sonenshine Pastor outlined for
the board SDRC's industry, competition and prospects. Bear Stearns made a
detailed financial presentation to the board on matters relating to the merger.
The Brobeck representatives reviewed in detail the key terms of the merger
agreement, including the no-shop, fiduciary out, closing conditions, termination
provisions, break-up fee, voting agreement and the 10% stock option. They also
briefed the board on its legal obligations in considering whether to approve the
merger agreement. After a lengthy discussion of the merger agreement and merger,
during which the board asked its financial and legal representatives

detailed questions, the board unanimously approved the merger agreement. The
decision by SDRC's board of directors involved the consideration of a number of
factors, many of which had been considered as well at prior board meetings,
including the following:

o    under the EDS merger agreement, SDRC shareholders will receive for their
     shares merger consideration which is all cash, which provides certainty of
     value to SDRC shareholders in a time period which has been characterized by
     a high degree of volatility and adversity in SDRC's industry and in the
     prices of stocks of public companies in this industry;

o    the merger consideration, which consists of $25.00 in cash per each share
     of SDRC stock, represented a 38.6% premium over the closing price per share
     of SDRC common stock at the close of business on May 22, 2001, and a 53%
     premium over the closing price per share of SDRC common stock over the
     preceding 30 day period ending on May 22, 2001;

o    the fact that, under the terms of the merger agreement, the completion of
     the merger is not conditioned on EDS's ability to obtain financing and the
     board's view of the likelihood that the proposed acquisition would be
     consummated in light of the experience, reputation and financial capability
     of EDS;

o    the fact that the $25.00 cash price per share merger consideration to be
     received by SDRC shareholders under the merger agreement compared
     favorably, according to a number of applicable valuation methodologies, to
     the consideration received by shareholders of other companies in a number
     of comparable transactions;

o    the valuation multiples of revenues and earnings implied by the $25.00 cash
     price per share, compared to the recent and historical trading multiple of
     SDRC and comparable public companies;

o    the opinion of Bear Stearns, delivered orally on May 23, 2001, and later
     confirmed in writing and more fully described in "Opinion of SDRC's
     Financial Advisor," that as of such date, and subject to assumptions made,
     matters considered and limitations on the review set forth in its opinion,
     the cash consideration in the merger was fair to SDRC's shareholders from a
     financial point of view as of that date;

o    SDRC's management's view of the financial condition, competitive position
     and prospects, results of operations and businesses of SDRC before and
     after the expected closing date of the merger;

o    the discounted cash flow analyses of management's forecasts for the
     business;

o    the trading prices and volumes (as well as prospects for future growth in
     value) of SDRC's common stock;

o    current financial market conditions and historical stock market prices,
     volatility and trading information;

o    the belief that the terms of the merger agreement were reasonable in
     general;

o    the belief that the terms of the merger agreement affecting the risk of
     non-consummation of the transaction were reasonable, including the
     provisions which generally require EDS to complete the merger if there is
     not a breach of an SDRC representation or warranty that would have a
     material adverse effect, as described in the merger agreement, on SDRC;

o    the competitive environment for companies generally in SDRC's business;

o    the terms, conditions and effects of the 10% stock option agreement and the
     voting agreement;

o    the "no-shop" provisions of the merger agreement limiting the ability of
     SDRC to negotiate with other companies regarding an alternative
     transaction; and

o    the terms of SDRC's "fiduciary out" under the merger agreement which allows
     the SDRC board to furnish information to and engage in discussions and
     negotiations with a third party making an unsolicited offer if the SDRC
     board determines the offer is more favorable than the merger and furnishing
     information or engaging in discussions is required by the board's fiduciary
     duties to our shareholders to change its recommendation with respect to the
     merger and to terminate the merger agreement in the event of a superior
     proposal.

     SDRC's board also considered a number of potentially negative factors in
its deliberations concerning the merger, including:

o    the risk that the merger might not be consummated, and the impact of
     non-consummation on SDRC as an independent company;

o    the fact that an all cash transaction would be taxable to SDRC shareholders
     for United States federal income tax purposes; and

o    the amount of the termination fee and the events triggering payment of the
     termination fee under the merger agreement and the right to exercise the
     option under the option agreement.

     The EDS merger agreement and related transaction documents were signed by
the parties on the afternoon of May 23, 2001. A press release announcing the
transaction was issued and a conference call discussing the transaction was held
that afternoon.

SDRC'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The SDRC board unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the
merger are advisable and are fair to and in the best interests of SDRC and its
shareholders. The board consulted with SDRC's management and with Sonenshine
Pastor, Bear Stearns and Brobeck in its consideration of the merger and the
merger agreement, and considered the factors set forth above and the further
factors set forth below, which the board determined to be the material factors
regarding the merger. SDRC's board made such determinations, and recommends that
the shareholders vote for the approval and adoption of the merger for the
reasons set forth below:

o    The board's review, together with its financial advisors, of possible
     alternatives to the merger with EDS, including potential business
     combinations and strategic alliances with other companies, revealed that
     none of the alternatives was reasonably likely to provide greater value to
     SDRC shareholders than the merger with EDS;

o    The financial presentation made by Bear Stearns, including its opinion
     dated May 23, 2001, that as of that date, and subject to assumptions made,
     matters considered and limitations on the review set forth in its opinion,
     the cash consideration in the merger was fair to SDRC's shareholders from a
     financial point of view (See "--Opinion of SDRC's Financial Advisor"
     below);

o    The SDRC board belief that the merger consideration was fair relative to
     its own assessment of SDRC's current and expected future financial
     condition, earnings, business opportunities, strategies and competitive
     position;

o    Limits on SDRC's growth potential, including:

         o    risks relating to and current trends suggesting a decrease in
              SDRC's principal historical revenue source, its computer aided
              design, or CAD, business;

         o    The need for a major capital investment to expand SDRC's faster
              growth project data management, or PDM, business, and the fact
              that such an investment would be at the expense of its CAD
              business and made with the absence of a guaranty that it would be
              successful; and

         o    Concerns in general over SDRC's gross and operating margins;

o    The industry trend of customers preferring larger, stronger vendors with
     larger research and development budgets and integrated product offerings;
     and

o    The significantly higher price-earnings ratios in large-cap companies
     compared to small-cap and medium-cap companies such as SDRC.

     The SDRC board believed that each of the above factors generally
supported its determination and recommendation. The SDRC board also considered a
number of disadvantages of the proposed transaction in its deliberations
concerning the merger including:

o    The fact that SDRC shareholders would receive cash in the merger and could
     not have the opportunity to participate in any further increase in the
     value of SDRC resulting from the merger and further improvements in SDRC's
     business;

o    the amount of the termination fee and the events triggering payment of the
     termination fee under the merger agreement and the right to exercise the
     option under the option agreement;

o    The tax consequences of the merger on SDRC shareholders; and

o    The risk that the merger might not be consummated.

     The board of directors concluded, however, that many of these risks could
be managed or mitigated or were unlikely to have a material impact on the
merger, and that, overall, the disadvantages, risk, uncertainties, restrictions
and potentially negative factors associated with the merger were outweighed by
the potential benefits of the merger.

     The foregoing discussion of information and factors considered and given
weight by our board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive. In view of
the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the
merger, our board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not,
quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered
in reaching its determinations and recommendations. In addition, individual
members of our board of directors may have given different weights to different
factors.

     For the reasons discussed above, SDRC's board unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the merger, and has determined that the merger is advisable
and fair to and in the best interests of SDRC and its shareholders. The SDRC
board unanimously recommends that the SDRC shareholders vote "FOR" approval of
the merger agreement and the merger.

     In considering the recommendation of the board, you should be aware that
some of our directors have interests in the merger that are different from or in
addition to the interests of our shareholders generally. The board was aware of
these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the
merger agreement and the merger. See "--Interests of Certain Persons in the
Transaction."

OPINION OF SDRC'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     We engaged Bear Stearns to render a fairness opinion based on Bear Stearns'
experience and expertise. Bear Stearns is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm that has substantial experience in transactions similar
to the merger. Bear Stearns, as part of its investment banking business, is
continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions
of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for
corporate and other purposes.

     At the May 23, 2001 meeting of our board of directors, Bear Stearns
delivered its oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the
effect that, as of the date of the opinion, and subject to the assumptions,
qualifications and limitations set forth in the written opinion, the merger
consideration of $25.00 in cash per share of SDRC common stock - which

we refer to as the merger consideration - was fair, from a financial point of
view, to our shareholders.

     THE SUMMARY OF THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION SET FORTH BELOW IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION WHICH IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX
A TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT. We urge you to read the opinion in its entirety. This
opinion sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications
and limitations on the review undertaken by Bear Stearns and is incorporated
herein by reference.

     In reading the discussion of the fairness opinion set forth below, our
shareholders should be aware that Bear Stearns' opinion:

     o   was provided to our board of directors for its use in consideration of
         the merger;

     o   did not address our underlying business decision to pursue the merger,
         the relative merits of the merger as compared to any alternative
         business strategies that might exist for SDRC or the effects of any
         other transactions in which we might engage;

     o   did not constitute a recommendation to our board of directors as to how
         to vote in connection with the merger; and

     o   does not constitute a recommendation to any of our shareholders as to
         how to vote in connection with the merger.

     Although Bear Stearns evaluated the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the merger consideration to our shareholders, the merger consideration
itself was determined by EDS and us through arm's-length negotiations. Except as
discussed below, we did not provide specific instructions to, or place any
limitations on, Bear Stearns with respect to the procedures to be followed or
factors to be considered by it in performing its analyses or providing its
opinion.

     In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns, among other things:

     o   reviewed the merger agreement;

     o   reviewed SDRC's Annual Reports to Shareholders and Annual Reports on
         Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 1998 through 2000, its
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2001 and
         its Reports on Form 8-K for the three years ended May 23, 2001;

     o   reviewed certain operating and financial information, including
         projections for the three years ended December 31, 2003, provided to
         Bear Stearns by management relating to our business and prospects;

     o   met with certain members of SDRC's senior management to discuss SDRC's
         business, operations, historical and projected financial results and
         future prospects; reviewed the historical prices, trading multiples and
         trading volume of our common shares;

     o   reviewed publicly available financial data, stock market performance
         data and trading multiples of companies which Bear Stearns deemed
         generally comparable to us;

     o   reviewed the terms of recent mergers involving companies which SDRC
         deemed generally comparable to SDRC and the merger;

     o   performed discounted cash flow analyses based on the projections for
         SDRC furnished to us; and

     o   conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as
         Bear Stearns deemed appropriate.

     In preparing its opinion, Bear Stearns relied upon and assumed, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the financial and
other information, reviewed by Bear Stearns, including, without limitation, the
projections provided to Bear Stearns by SDRC. With respect to SDRC's projected
financial results, Bear Stearns assumed that they have been reasonably prepared
on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
senior management of SDRC as to the expected future performance of SDRC.

     Bear Stearns also assumed that the merger will be consummated in a timely
manner in accordance with the terms described in the merger agreement, without
any regulatory limitations, restrictions, conditions, amendments or
modifications that collectively would have a material effect on SDRC. In
arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns did not perform or obtain any independent
appraisal or valuations of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise)
of SDRC, nor was it furnished with any such appraisals. During the course of its
engagement with SDRC, Bear Stearns was not asked to, and did not, solicit
indications of interest from any third parties regarding a transaction with SDRC
and no opinion is provided as to whether a transaction resulting in a higher
purchase price would have resulted from such a solicitation.

     In addition, Bear Stearns did not express any opinion as to the price or
range of prices at which shares of SDRC common stock may trade subsequent to the
announcement of the merger. Bear Stearns' opinion was necessarily based on
economic, market and other conditions, and the information made available to
Bear Stearns, as of the date of its opinion. Bear Stearns assumed no
responsibility for updating or revising its opinion based on circumstances or
events occurring after that date.

     The following is a summary of the material valuation and financial and
comparative analyses considered by Bear Stearns in connection with the rendering
of the Bear Stearns opinion. This summary does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses underlying the Bear Stearns opinion and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bear Stearns opinion.

     In performing its analysis, Bear Stearns made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of
Bear Stearns and SDRC. Any estimates contained in the analysis performed by Bear
Stearns are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by this

analysis. Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or securities do
not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which such businesses
or securities may actually be sold. Accordingly, these analyses and estimates
are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. In addition, Bear Stearns'
opinion was among several factors considered by the SDRC board of directors in
making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

     COMPARABLE COMPANY ANALYSIS. Bear Stearns compared certain financial,
trading and valuation information for SDRC to certain publicly available
financial, trading and valuation information for selected companies, which, in
Bear Stearns' judgment, were comparable to SDRC for purposes of this analysis.
With respect to SDRC, Bear Stearns analyzed the following six companies:

o    Matrixone, Inc.

o    Unigraphics Solutions, Inc.

o    Parametric Technology Corporation

o    Mentor Graphics Corporation

o    MSC.Software Corporation

o    Autodesk, Inc.

     Bear Stearns' analysis was based on closing stock prices as of May 22,
2001. The table set forth below includes a summary of: (i) the multiples of
price to earnings for calendar year 2000, projected calendar year 2001 and
projected calendar year 2002 and (ii) the multiples of enterprise value to EBIT
and enterprise value to revenue for the latest twelve months, projected calendar
year 2001 and projected calendar year 2002:

                             PRICE / EARNINGS                               ENTERPRISE VALUE / EBIT
             -----------------------------------------------     ---------------------------------------------
                                CALENDAR          CALENDAR                        CALENDAR          CALENDAR
               CALENDAR         YEAR 2001         YEAR 2002                       YEAR 2001         YEAR 2002
              YEAR 2000        ESTIMATE(1)       ESTIMATE(1)        LTM(2)       ESTIMATE(1)       ESTIMATE(1)
             -------------    -------------     ------------     ------------   -------------    -------------

Merger           49.0x            27.1x             18.0x            36.8x          21.7x             12.2x

SDRC at
market           34.9x            19.3x             12.8x            23.8x          14.0x              7.9x

Range for
SDRC
Comparable
Companies      18.3x-44.3x     17.3x-22.5x       14.3x-25.0x      15.6x-42.3x     9.8x-17.3x        7.8x-13.8x

Harmonic
Mean for
SDRC
Comparable
Companies(3)     25.7x            19.0x             17.2x            21.7x          11.8x              9.5x

Median for
SDRC
Comparable
Companies        25.7x            18.4x             16.5x            20.7x          11.2x              8.7x

                      ENTERPRISE VALUE / REVENUE
              ----------------------------------------
                            CALENDAR        CALENDAR
                            YEAR 2001       YEAR 2002
                LTM(2)     ESTIMATE(1)     ESTIMATE(1)
              ----------  ------------    ------------

Merger           1.7x         1.6x            1.4x

SDRC at
market           1.1x         1.0x            0.9x

Range for
SDRC
Comparable
Companies      1.7x-8.8x    1.5x-6.3x      1.3x-4.2x

Harmonic
Mean for
SDRC
Comparable
Companies(3)     2.5x         2.2x            2.0x

Median for
SDRC
Comparable
Companies        2.5x         2.3x            2.0x

- - ----------
(1)  Projected results of SDRC are based on projections provided by SDRC
     management.
(2)  Latest twelve months.
(3)  The harmonic mean of the comparable company multiples is the reciprocal
     of the arithmetic mean of the reciprocals of the comparable company
     multiples.

         Bear Stearns noted that, for calendar year 2000, projected calendar
year 2001 and projected calendar year 2002, price to earnings multiples of the
merger were above the harmonic mean and the median for SDRC comparable
companies. Bear Stearns also noted that for the latest twelve months, projected
calendar year 2001 and projected calendar year 2002, multiples of the enterprise
value to EBIT of the merger were above the harmonic mean and median for SDRC
comparable companies. Bear Stearns further noted that none of the SDRC
comparable companies are identical to SDRC and that, accordingly, any analysis
of comparable companies necessarily involved complex consideration and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics and other
factors that would necessarily affect the relative trading value of SDRC versus
the companies to which SDRC was compared.

PREMIUM ANALYSIS. Bear Stearns conducted an analysis of the implied premium paid
to SDRC. Bear Stearns noted that, based upon the closing sales prices for our
common stock as of May 22, 2001, the purchase price of $25.00 resulted in an
implied one-day premium to our shareholders equal to approximately 38.6%. Based
on the average closing prices of our common stock for the 20 days ending May 22,
2001, the implied premium to our shareholders is 45.4%. Based on 52-week high
price of our common stock and 52-week low price of our common stock, the
purchase price of $25.00 resulted in an implied premium to SDRC shareholders of
36.8% and 203.0%, respectively. The results of Bear Stearns' premium analysis
are set forth below:

                                                                             IMPLIED
      SDRC COMMON STOCK PRICES:                       STOCK PRICE       PREMIUM/(DISCOUNT)
- - --------------------------------------------          -----------       ------------------

Closing Stock Price 5/22/2001                            $18.04               38.6%
20 Trading Days Average                                  $17.19               45.4%
52-Week High(1)                                          $18.28               36.8%
52-Week Low(1)                                            $8.25              203.0%

- - ----------
(1)  Based on closing price as of May 22, 2001.

COMPARABLE TRANSACTION ANALYSIS. Bear Stearns reviewed and analyzed certain of
the publicly available financial terms of four selected merger and acquisition
transactions which, in Bear Stearns' judgment, were in the relevant industry and
reasonably comparable to the merger, and compared the financial terms of these
transactions to those of the merger. The four transactions were:

o    Unigraphics Solutions, Inc./Engineering Animation, Inc.

o    Cadence Design Systems, Inc./OrCAD, Inc.,

o    Cadence Design Systems, Inc./Quickturn Design Systems, Inc.

o    Siebe Plc./Wonderware Corp.

         Bear Stearns reviewed the prices paid in these transactions and
analyzed various financial information and imputed valuation multiples. Bear
Stearns' analysis of the comparable transactions indicated that the range of
enterprise value multiples and equity value multiples for the latest twelve
months as of the transaction date for the comparable transactions and for the
merger were as indicated below:

                                                        ENTERPRISE VALUE/LTM (1)
                                       ---------------------------------------------------     EQUITY VALUE / LTM (1)
                                          REVENUES            EBITDA              EBIT               NET INCOME
                                       -------------      -------------     --------------     ----------------------

Merger                                      1.7x               11.6x             36.8x                  45.6x

Range of Multiples for Comparable
   Transactions                          1.8x - 3.3x       9.9x - 15.8x      13.4x - 27.5x          22.8x - 40.3x

Harmonic Mean for
   Comparable Transactions                  2.4x               12.1x             18.1x                  29.1x

Median for
   Comparable Transactions                  2.4x               12.8x             20.5x                  31.5x

- - ----------
(1) Latest twelve months

Bear Stearns also reviewed the range of forward enterprise value multiples as of
the transaction date for the comparable transactions. The source for projected
financial results for the companies involved in the comparable transactions was
Wall Street research reports.

                                          Current Year Forward                           Next Calendar Year Forward
                              ---------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
                                  Enterprise Value/                              Enterprise Value /
                              ---------------------------     Equity Value /   -----------------------        Equity Value /
                                Revenues          EBIT          Net Income       Revenues        EBIT           Net Income
                              ------------       ------       --------------   ------------     ------        --------------

Merger                            1.6x            21.7x           27.1x            1.4x          12.2x            18.0x

Range of Multiples for
   Comparable Acquisitions     1.1x - 3.2x    10.9x - 19.7x   19.5x - 31.3x    2.0x - 2.6x    12.8x - 29.4x   21.0x - 44.9x

Harmonic Mean for Comparable
   Acquisitions                   1.8x            14.0x           24.0x            2.3x          17.8x            28.6x

Median for Comparable
   Acquisitions                   2.0x            15.3x           25.4x            2.3x          21.1x            32.9x

For the current year forward, Bear Stearns noted that the merger multiples were
within the range of multiples or higher for comparable acquisitions, and were
generally consistent with both the harmonic mean and median of the comparable
transaction multiples. Bear Stearns also noted

that none of the comparable acquisitions was identical to the merger and that,
accordingly, any analysis of the comparable acquisitions necessarily involved
complex consideration and judgments concerning the differences in financial and
operating characteristics and other factors that would necessarily affect the
acquisition value of SDRC versus the acquisition values of the companies in the
comparable acquisitions.

Bear Stearns conducted an analysis comparing the implied premium paid to SDRC to
implied premiums in the comparable transactions. The results of Bear Stearns'
analysis are indicated below:

                                                        PREMIUM OVER CLOSING PRICE
                                                 ------------------------------------------
                                                 ONE DAY PRIOR TO       FOUR WEEKS PRIOR TO
                                                   ANNOUNCEMENT            ANNOUNCEMENT
                                                 ----------------       -------------------

      Merger                                          38.6%                    49.2%

      Range for Comparable Transactions           23.1% - 50.0%           35.6% - 103.7%

      Mean for Comparable Transactions                33.6%                    70.3%

      Median for Comparable Transactions              30.6%                    71.0%

Bear Stearns noted that the implied premiums paid in the Merger were within the
range for comparable transactions and were generally consistent with both the
mean and median of the comparable transaction premiums one day prior to
announcement.

DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS. Bear Stearns performed a discounted cash flow
analysis to determine an indicative range of present values of SDRC, assuming
SDRC continued to operate as a stand-alone entity in a manner consistent with
its projections. In order to calculate this range, Bear Stearns first determined
SDRC's implied enterprise value by adding:

     o   The present value of the estimated future unlevered free cash flows
         that SDRC would generate over the three year period through fiscal year
         2003 if it operated in manner consistent with its projections; and

     o   The present value of SDRC's "terminal value" at the end of fiscal year
         2003.

Our terminal value at the end of the projection period was calculated by
applying a range of multiples of enterprise values to estimated fiscal year 2003
revenue and EBIT and a range of multiples of equity values to 2003 unlevered net
income. Bear Stearns used an enterprise value to revenue multiple range of 1.0x
to 1.5x, an EBIT multiple range of 10.0x to 12.0x and an unlevered net income
multiple range of 14.0x to 17.0x when calculating SDRC's terminal value. The
present value of the sum of the projected unlevered free cash flows and the
terminal value was calculated using a range of discount rates of 13.5% to 17.5%.
This discount rate range was

determined based on an estimate of SDRC's weighted average cost of capital.
Based on this analysis, the per share value corresponding to the indicative
enterprise value range was approximately $18.72 to $29.67.

         Bear Stearns also performed a sensitivity analysis on the discounted
cash flow analysis by analyzing the effect of a hypothetical decrease in the
EBIT margin of SDRC while using a constant discount rate of 15.5%. For example,
if SDRC's EBIT margin were lowered by 2% in each year and EBIT exit multiples of
10.0x to 12.0x were utilized, the indicative per share value range was
approximately $22.83 to $25.76 as compared to $25.35 to $28.70 without such
decreases.

         The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and involves
various judgments and determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
assumptions and financial analyses and the application of these methods to the
particular circumstances involved. The opinions are therefore not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description, and taking portions of
the analyses set out above, without considering the analysis as a whole, would,
in the view of Bear Stearns, create an incomplete and misleading picture of the
processes underlying the analyses considered in rendering its opinion. Bear
Stearns did not form a judgment as to whether any individual analysis or factor
(positive or negative), considered in isolation, supported or failed to support
its opinion. In arriving at its opinion, Bear Stearns considered the results of
its separate analyses but did not attribute particular weight to any one
analysis or factor. The analyses performed by Bear Stearns, particularly those
based on estimates and projections, are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or actual future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by these analyses. These analyses were prepared solely
as part of the Bear Stearns analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the purchase price to be paid to the shareholders of SDRC.

         Pursuant to the terms of its engagement letter with Bear Stearns, we
paid Bear Stearns a fee that we believe is within the range of customary amounts
for transactions of this nature. We have also agreed to indemnify Bear Stearns
against certain liabilities in connection with its engagement, including certain
liabilities under the federal securities laws.

         Bear Stearns may provide financial advisory and financing services to
the company surviving the merger and/or its affiliates and may receive fees for
the rendering of these services. In the ordinary course of its business, Bear
Stearns may actively trade the securities of SDRC and/or EDS for its own account
and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, Bear Stearns may at any
time hold a long or short position in these securities.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE TRANSACTIONS

         In considering the recommendation of the board of directors, you should
be aware that some of the members of our board have interests in the merger that
are different from, or in addition to, your interest as a shareholder generally.
These conflicts of interest are further described below.

Total Consideration Payable to Directors and Executive Officers

         SDRC's directors and officers will receive payments or other benefits
as a result of the merger from several sources:

         o    Nineteen of our officers are parties to severance compensation
              agreements with SDRC. Pursuant to such agreements, they will
              become entitled to receive severance payments from us as a result
              of the merger. As a result of the merger, and assuming all
              nineteen officer's employment is terminated, our officers will
              receive a total of approximately $_____ million in cash under
              these agreements.

         o    Our directors and officers have entered into a voting agreement
              with EDS dated as of May 23, 2001. Pursuant to such agreement,
              they have agreed to vote their shares of our common stock in favor
              of the merger agreement and the merger.

         o    For a period of six years following completion of the merger, EDS
              will indemnify and will cause the surviving corporation in the
              merger to indemnify our and our subsidiaries' present and former
              directors and officers.

         o    Each outstanding option to purchase SDRC common stock held by our
              directors, whether vested or unvested, will be canceled and
              converted into a right to receive cash equal to the difference
              between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise
              price per share of the options.

         o    Each outstanding option to purchase SDRC common stock held by our
              officers, whether vested or unvested, will, pursuant to our
              officer's employment arrangements, be canceled and converted into
              a right to receive cash equal to the difference between the $25.00
              cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of the
              options.

         o    Five of our executive officers will receive payments under our
              Total Shareholder Return Plan equal to two and one-half times each
              executive's current target award times an adjustment factor, with
              payments to these executives totaling approximately $___ million,
              assuming the maximum performance adjustment factor.

         o    The six executive officers are entitled to a tax "gross up"
              payment to cover excise taxes associated with  IRC section 280G
              due to a change in control in the total amount of approximately
              $____.

         2001 Long-Term Performance Plan: On February 15, 2001, SDRC's board of
directors approved in principal a 2001 Long-Term Performance Plan, or Total
Shareholder Return Plan, to retain and motivate the top executives of SDRC, who
did not receive stock options during 2001. The plan was approved by the
compensation committee of the board on May 2, 2001. Under the terms of the 2001
Long-Term Performance Plan, the consummation of the merger will constitute a
"Change in Control." Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, a participating
executive officer will receive a lump sum payment equal to 25% of the
executive's current target award times a "TSR Adjustment Factor," as such terms
are defined in the plan, plus the remaining current target award times a "TSR
Adjustment Factor," plus two and one-half times of the remaining current target
award times a "TSR Adjustment Factor." The TSR adjustment factor is determined
by the financial performance of SDRC in relation to the financial performance of
[18] other companies in the software industry. The following executive officers
are participants in this plan:

                                                                                        MAXIMUM AMOUNT PAYABLE
                 NAME                                    TITLE                         (EXCLUDING 280G PAYMENTS
- - ---------------------------------        -------------------------------------         ------------------------

William J. Weyand                        Chairman of the Board and Chief                     $__________
                                         Executive Officer

Glenn R. Weinkoop                        President and Chief Operating                       $__________

                                         Officer

John A. Mongelluzzo                      Vice President-Business                             $__________
                                         Administration, Secretary and
                                         General Counsel

Jeffrey J. Vorholt                       Vice President, Chief Financial                     $__________
                                         Officer and Treasurer

Deborah G. Davis                         Vice President, Human Resources                     $__________

         Severance Compensation Agreements: A total of 19 key employees of SDRC
are parties to severance compensation agreements with SDRC, including six
executive officers. Under the terms of the severance compensation agreements,
the consummation of the merger will constitute a "Change in Control." Upon the
occurrence of a Change in Control, in the event such personnel give us or
receive from us a Notice of Termination, as such term is defined in the
agreement, such personnel will be entitled to certain benefits. Such benefits
include (i) payment of pro-rated base salary, unused vacation and bonus awards
under the Incentive Compensation Plan; and (ii) a lump sum equal to either one
year or two and one-half years annual base salary, depending on the executive.
The amounts payable under the agreements are "grossed up" to the six executive
officer participants to pay excise tax under section 280G of the internal
revenue code. Additionally, if any excise tax, interest or penalty is imposed
upon those executive officers due to payments received under a severance
compensation agreement, we will reimburse these executive officers for such
payments. Potential amounts payable under the severance compensation agreements
are as follows:

                                                                                                               TOTAL 280G
                                                                                                                GROSS UP
                                                                          TOTAL SEVERANCE COMPENSATION          ESTIMATE
                                                                           AGREEMENT ESTIMATED PAYMENT      (INCLUDING AMOUNTS
                                                                               (EXCLUDING TSR PLAN              PAYABLE DUE
         NAME                                  TITLE                            AND 280G PAYMENTS)            TO THE TSR PLAN)
- - -------------------------      --------------------------------------        ----------------------           ----------------

William J. Weyand              Chairman of the Board and Chief                     $__________
                               Executive Officer

Glenn R. Weinkoop              President and Chief Operating Officer               $__________

William Gascoigne              Executive Vice President-Worldwide                  $__________
                               Operations

John A. Mongelluzzo            Vice President-Business                             $__________
                               Administration, Secretary and
                               General Counsel

Jeffrey J. Vorholt             Vice President, Chief Financial                     $__________
                               Officer and Treasurer

Deborah G. Davis               Vice President, Human Resources                     $__________

         Payment for Common Stock and Options: Shares of common stock and stock
options held by our directors and the nineteen officers with severance
compensation agreements with SDRC with stock options granted under our 1994
Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan

shall be immediately vested upon consummation of the merger, and our directors
and officers shall be entitled to cash in an amount equal to the difference
between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of
that option. See "Overview of the Transaction" and "Treatment of Stock Options."

         Each of our officers and directors is a party to a voting agreement
with EDS, dated May 23, 2001. Each of the officers and directors has agreed,
subject to the terms and conditions of the voting agreement, to vote all of the
shares of common stock owned by him (representing approximately 0.4% of the
outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting) in
favor of approval of the merger agreement, the merger and the transactions
contemplated thereby.

         Pursuant to the merger agreement, EDS has agreed for six years after
the effective time of the merger to cause the surviving company to maintain in
effect directors' and officers' liability insurance policies with coverage at
least equal to the coverage provided under our current policies if purchasable
at a price equal to up to 200% of our current annual premium and to assume the
indemnification obligations of the pre-merger company with respect to our
directors and officers.

CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS

         Under Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the
rules promulgated thereunder, a beneficial owner of a security is any person who
directly or indirectly has or shares voting power or investment power over such
security. Such beneficial owner under this definition need not enjoy the
economic benefit of such securities. The following shareholders are known by us
to be the beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock as of May 23,
2001:

                                                                                AMOUNT AND NATURE OF     PERCENT OF
        TITLE OF CLASS               NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER             OWNERSHIP            CLASS
- - ----------------------          ------------------------------------------      --------------------     -----------

Common Stock                    State of Wisconsin Investment Board             6,133,500 shs.(1)           17.28%
                                P.O. Box 7842
                                Madison, WI 53707

Common Stock                    Merrill Lynch & Co.                             3,004,349 shs.(2)            8.34%
                                (on behalf of Merrill Lynch Investment
                                Managers)
                                World Financial Center, North Tower
                                250 Versey Street
                                New York, NY 10381

Common Stock                    Perkins, Wolf, McDonnell & Company              2,781,750 shs.(3)            7.8%
                                53 W. Jackson Blvd., Suite 722
                                Chicago, IL  60604

Common Stock                    Brown Capital Management, Inc.                  2,160,631 shs.(4)            5.96%
                                1201 N. Calvert Street

                                NAME AND ADDRESS OF           AMOUNT AND NATURE OF
    TITLE OF CLASS                BENEFICIAL OWNER                 OWNERSHIP              PERCENT OF CLASS
- - --------------------     --------------------------------     --------------------      --------------------

                                Baltimore, MD  21202

Common Stock                    Berger Small Cap Value Fund                     2,000,000 shs.(5)            5.63%
                                210 University Blvd., Suite 900
                                Denver, CO  80206

Common Stock                    ML Small Cap Value Fund                         1,981,000 shs.(6)            5.50%
                                800 Scudders Mills Road
                                Plainsboro, NJ  08536

- - ---------

(1)      The information in the above table and in this footnote was obtained
         from a Schedule 13G filed by such shareholders. Such shareholder has
         the sole power to vote and to direct the disposition of such shares.
(2)      The information in the above table and in this footnote was obtained
         from a Schedule 13G filed by such shareholder. Such shareholder has the
         shared power to vote and to direct the disposition of such shares.
(3)      The information in the above table and in this footnote was obtained
         from a Schedule 13G filed by such shareholder. According to the
         Schedule 13G filing, such shareholder has the sole power to vote and
         direct the disposition of 21,000 shares and the shared power to vote
         and direct the disposition of 2,760,750 shares.
(4)      The information in the above table and in this footnote was obtained
         from a Schedule 13G filed by such shareholder. According to the 13G
         filing, such shareholder has the sole power to vote or direct the vote
         of 1,825,831 shares. The voting power held with respect to the other
         shares listed above is not specified in the Schedule 13G. Such
         shareholder has the power to dispose or direct the disposition of
         2,160,631 shares.
(5)      The information in the above table and in this footnote was obtained
         from a Schedule 13G filed by such shareholder. Such shareholder has the
         shared power to vote and to direct the disposition of such shares.
(6)      The information in the above table and in this footnote was obtained
         from a Schedule 13G filed by such shareholders. Such shareholder has
         the shared power to vote and to direct the disposition of such shares.

MANAGEMENT

         The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of the
Company's Common Stock by its directors, the named executives, and all directors
and executive officers as a group:

                                                              AMOUNT AND NATURE OF
    TITLE OF CLASS            NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER           OWNERSHIP (1)          PERCENT OF CLASS (2)
- - --------------------     --------------------------------     --------------------      --------------------

Common Stock             William J. Weyand                        406,570 shs (3)               1.1%
Common Stock             William P. Conlin                         50,000 shs (4)                *
Common Stock             Maurice F. Holmes                         11,206 shs (5)                *

                                                              AMOUNT AND NATURE OF
    TITLE OF CLASS            NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER           OWNERSHIP (1)          PERCENT OF CLASS (2)
- - --------------------     --------------------------------     --------------------      --------------------

Common Stock             Bannus B. Hudson                          54,500 shs (6)                *
Common Stock             Arthur B. Sims                            46,253 shs (7)                *
Common Stock             Mitchell G. Tyson                          6,000 shs (8)                *
Common Stock             Gilbert R. Whitaker, Jr.                  54,400 shs (9)                *
Common Stock             Glenn R. Weinkoop                         96,966 shs(10)                *
Common Stock             William M. Gascoigne                      85,000 shs(11)                *
Common Stock             Jeffrey J. Vorholt                        97,667 shs(12)                *
Common Stock             John A. Mongelluzzo                      125,343 shs(13)                *
Common Stock             Deborah G. Davis                          19,074 shs(14)                *
Common Stock             All Directors and Executive                                            2.9%
                         Officers as a Group (12 Persons)       1,052,979 shs(15)

- - ------------------
* Less than 1%

- - ------------------

(1)    All the information in the above table is shown as of March __, 2001. The
       persons and entities named in the above table have sole voting and
       investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as
       beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where
       applicable and the information contained in other footnotes to this
       table. For purposes of this table, stock options are considered to be
       currently exercisable if by their terms they may be exercised as of
       March __ , 2001 or if they become exercisable within 60 days thereafter.
(2)    These percentages assume the exercise of certain currently exercisable
       stock options, which options have not in fact been exercised.
(3)    Includes 82,870 shares held of record or beneficially by Mr. Weyand;
       10,000 shares held of record by Mr. Weyand's wife; and 323,700 shares
       which are issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable, but
       unexercised stock options.
(4)    Includes 10,000 shares held of record or beneficially by Mr. Conlin and
       40,000 shares which are issuable upon the exercise of currently
       exercisable, but unexercised stock options.
(5)    Consists of 11,206 shares which are issuable to Mr. Holmes upon the
       exercise of currently exercisable but unexercised stock options.
(6)    Includes 14,500 shares held of record by Mr. Hudson and 40,000 shares
       which are issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable, but
       unexercised stock options.
(7)    Includes 6,253 shares held of record by Mr. Sims and 40,000 shares which
       are issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable, but unexercised
       stock options.
(8)    Includes 1,000 shares held of record by Mr. Tyson and 5,000 shares which
       are issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable, but unexercised
       stock options.
(9)    Includes 14,400 shares held of record by Dr. Whitaker and 40,000 shares
       which are issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable, but
       unexercised stock options.

(10)   Includes 1,266 shares held of record or beneficially by Mr. Wienkoop and
       95,700 shares which are issuable upon the exercise of currently
       exercisable, but unexercised stock options.
(11)   Consists of 85,000 shares which are issuable to Mr. Gasciogne upon the
       exercise of currently exercisable, but unexercised stock options.
(12)   Includes 18,047 shares held of record or beneficially by Mr. Vorholt and
       79,590 shares which are issuable upon the exercise of currently
       exercisable, but unexercised stock options.
(13)   Includes 8,465 shares held of record or beneficially by Mr. Mongelluzzo,
       8 shares held in trust for his children and 116,870 shares which are
       issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable, but unexercised
       stock options.
(14)   Includes 3,724 shares held of record or beneficially by Ms. Davis and
       15,350 shares which are issuable upon the exercise of currently
       exercisable, but unexercised stock options.
(15)   Includes a total of 892,416 shares which are issuable upon the exercise
       of currently exercisable, but unexercised stock options.

Voting Agreement

         Each of our officers and directors is a party to a voting agreement
with EDS, dated May 23, 2001. The officers and directors have agreed, subject to
the terms and conditions of the voting agreement, to vote all of the shares of
common stock owned by him (representing approximately 0.4% of the outstanding
shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting) in favor of
approval of the merger agreement, the merger, the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement and by the voting agreement and any actions required in
furtherance thereof. The officers and directors party to the voting agreement
have agreed:

         o    to vote against any action or transaction that would result in a
              breach in any material respect of any of the covenants,
              representations or warranties given by us in the merger agreement;

         o    to vote against any extraordinary corporate transaction, including
              any business combination, the sale of a substantial portion of our
              assets, any corporate reorganization, any Company Takeover
              Proposal, and any change in a majority of the persons constituting
              our board of directors;

         o    to vote against any change in our present capitalization or our
              articles of incorporation or code of regulations;

         o    to vote against any material change in our structure or business;
              and

         o    to vote against any other action that is intended, or could
              reasonably be expected, to materially adversely affect the merger

The voting agreement is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix C.

Stock Options

         Each option to purchase shares of common stock vested and outstanding
immediately prior to the merger will be canceled in exchange for cash equal to
the difference between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise
price per share of that option. Each unvested option to purchase shares of
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be canceled in
exchange for, at EDS's option, (i) cash equal to the difference between the
$25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of that option
or (ii) an amount of cash equal to 25% of the amount described in (i) above plus
an option to purchase EDS stock options with a Black-Scholes value equal to 75%
of the amount described in (i) above.

         EDS currently intends to exchange unvested options for the
consideration described in (ii) above. However, in any individual case, EDS may
elect to exchange the unvested options for the consideration described in (i)
above, as a result of applicable tax, securities and other local laws in
domestic and foreign jurisdictions.

         Each stock option held by each of our directors, whether or not vested,
will be canceled, with the holder becoming entitled to the difference between
the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of that
option.

         The cash payment on the cancelled SDRC options will be made as soon as
practicable following the effective date of the merger. Upon receipt of the
cash payment for an option, the SDRC option holder will no longer hold any
interest or claim relating to the canceled SDRC option.

         The cash payment on cancelled SDRC options will constitute ordinary
income. If you are an SDRC employee, then SDRC will be required to collect all
applicable withholding taxes from that cash payment, including federal, state,
local and/or foreign income and employment withholding taxes, and the actual
payment you will receive for your cancelled SDRC options will be reduced by the
amount of those withholding taxes.

         No cash payments will be made with respect to cancelled SDRC options,
whether vested or unvested, which have an exercise price per share of $25 or
more.

         The EDS stock options will be granted to holders who have executed a
waiver releasing all of their interests and claims relating to the cancelled
SDRC options as soon as practicable following the effective date of the merger
and will have an exercise price per share equal to the fair market value per
share of EDS common stock on the grant date. The EDS stock options will vest in
four successive equal annual installments upon the optionee's completion of each
year of service over the 4-year period measured from the effective date of the
merger. The EDS stock options will have a maximum term of 10 years, subject to
earlier termination following the optionee's cessation of service. The EDS stock
options are non-qualified stock options under the federal tax laws.

Officers' and Directors' Indemnification Insurance

         The merger agreement provides that, for a period of six years after the
effective time, EDS will cause our and our subsidiaries' present and former
officers and directors to be indemnified from liabilities arising out of actions
or omissions in these capacities prior to the

time the merger becomes effective, to the same extent as provided in our
organizational documents. In addition, EDS will maintain directors' and
officers' insurance coverage for six years after the effective time on terms no
less favorable to these indemnified parties than existing insurance coverage to
the extent that such coverage may be maintained at a cost equal to or less than
200% of the premium for such interest on the date of the merger agreement.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

         THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK. THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT
ADDRESS ALL ASPECTS OF FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO OUR
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES OR TO COMMON
SHAREHOLDERS SUBJECT TO SPECIAL TREATMENT UNDER THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SHAREHOLDERS WHO ARE NEITHER U.S. CITIZENS NOR
U.S. RESIDENTS FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES, FOREIGN CORPORATIONS,
FOREIGN PARTNERSHIPS, FOREIGN TRUSTS, OR FOREIGN ESTATES, FINANCIAL
INSTITUTIONS, TAX-EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS, INSURANCE COMPANIES, DEALERS IN
SECURITIES OR CURRENCIES, SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING STOCK AS PART OF A CONVERSION
TRANSACTION, AS PART OF A HEDGE OR HEDGING TRANSACTION, OR AS A POSITION IN A
STRADDLE FOR TAX PURPOSES, OR SHAREHOLDERS WHO ACQUIRED OUR STOCK IN CONNECTION
WITH THE EXERCISE OR OTHER SATISFACTION OF COMPENSATORY OPTIONS OR OTHERWISE AS
PART OF THEIR COMPENSATION FOR EMPLOYMENT. IN ADDITION, THE SUMMARY BELOW DOES
NOT CONSIDER THE EFFECT OF ANY FOREIGN, STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS THAT MAY
BE APPLICABLE TO THE MERGER. THE DISCUSSION ASSUMES THAT COMMON SHAREHOLDERS
HOLD THEIR COMMON STOCK AS CAPITAL ASSETS AND NOT AS INVENTORY OR AS PROPERTY
HELD PRIMARILY FOR SALE TO CUSTOMERS IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF A TRADE OR
BUSINESS. THIS SUMMARY IS BASED UPON THE PROVISIONS OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE
OF 1986, TREASURY REGULATIONS, INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE RULINGS AND JUDICIAL
DECISIONS, ALL IN EFFECT AS OF THE DATE HEREOF AND ALL OF WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO
CHANGE BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, JUDICIAL OR ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION. SOME OF
THESE CHANGES MAY POSSIBLY BE RETROACTIVE. THIS SUMMARY IS FOR GENERAL
INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT TAX ADVICE.

Holders of shares

         A holder of our common stock will generally recognize gain or loss for
federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the amount of cash
received in exchange for this stock in the merger and the holder's adjusted tax
basis in this stock. The gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if
the holder has held the stock for more than one year as of the effective time of
the merger.

Tax Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

         The exchange of common stock in the merger will be reported to the
Internal Revenue Service. Backup withholding at a rate of 31% will apply to the
merger proceeds unless the exchanging shareholder furnishes a taxpayer
identification number in the manner prescribed by applicable Treasury
regulations, certifies that the number is correct, certifies as to no loss of
exemption from backup withholding and meets certain other conditions. Backup
withholding does not apply to corporations and certain other exempt
shareholders.

         Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules described above
will be treated as a tax payment made by you. If such withheld amounts cause
your tax payments to exceed your actual tax liability, such excess will be
allowed as a refund or a credit against United States federal income tax
liability if the required information is furnished to the Internal Revenue
Service on a timely basis.

         THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU DEPEND ON YOUR PARTICULAR TAX
CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE
SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE EFFECTS OF
APPLICABLE STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS.

ANTICIPATED ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER

         The merger is expected to be accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

REGULATORY APPROVALS RELATING TO THE MERGER

HSR Act

         The merger is subject to the requirements of the HSR Act, which
provides that certain transactions may not be consummated until the required
information and materials have been furnished to the Antitrust Division of the
Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission by SDRC and EDS and certain
waiting periods have expired or been terminated. The requirements of the HSR Act
will be satisfied if the merger is consummated within one year from the
expiration of the waiting period.

         However, the Antitrust Division or the FTC may challenge the merger on
antitrust grounds before the expiration of the waiting period. Accordingly, at
any time before the expiration of the waiting period, either the Antitrust
Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest, or certain other persons could
take action under the antitrust laws, including seeking to enjoin the merger.
Additionally, at any time before closing, notwithstanding that the waiting
period under the HSR Act has expired, any state could take such action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest. There
can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if
such a challenge is made, we will prevail.

European Regulatory Issues

         In addition to the filing requirements under the HSR Act, the merger
may also be subject to antitrust or competition laws or regulations in some
foreign jurisdictions. SDRC and EDS are currently evaluating what approvals, if
any, must be obtained from these foreign jurisdictions in order to consummate
the merger.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

         The following is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the
merger agreement. The merger agreement is attached as Appendix B and is
incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. We encourage you to
carefully read the complete merger agreement for the precise legal terms of the
merger agreement and other information that may be important to you.

EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER

         The merger agreement provides that the closing of the merger will take
place no later than the second business day following the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions to the merger, or at such other time as the parties agree. On
the closing date, we will file a certificate of merger and all other necessary
documents with the Secretary of State of Ohio to complete the merger. We expect
that, if all conditions to the merger have been satisfied or waived, the merger
will occur within two business days after the special meeting. We currently
anticipate that the merger will be completed in the third quarter of 2001.

         Completion of the merger could be delayed if there is a delay in
obtaining the required regulatory approvals or in satisfying other conditions to
the merger. There can be no assurances as to whether, and on what date, the
parties will obtain such approvals or that the parties will complete the merger.
If the merger is not completed on or before November 30, 2001, either the
Company or EDS may terminate the merger agreement, except that a party may not
terminate the merger agreement if that party's failure to perform its
obligations under the merger agreement is the cause of the merger not being
completed by that date.

GENERAL

         The merger agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the merger agreement, Sub will be merged with and into SDRC and
that, following the merger, the separate existence of Sub will cease and SDRC
will continue as the surviving corporation. When the merger occurs:

         o    each outstanding share of the common stock of Sub will be
              converted into a share of the common stock of the surviving
              corporation;

         o    each outstanding share of our common stock will be converted into
              the right to receive $25.00, without interest and less any
              required withholding taxes; and

         o    shares of our common stock held by us will be canceled.

TREATMENT OF STOCK OPTIONS

         Each option to purchase shares of common stock vested and outstanding
immediately prior to the merger will be canceled in exchange for cash equal to
the difference between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise
price per share of that option. Each unvested option to purchase shares of
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be canceled in
exchange for, at EDS' option, (i) cash equal to the difference between the
$25.00

cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of that option
or (ii) an amount of cash equal to 25% of the amount described in (i) above plus
an option to purchase EDS stock options with a Black-Scholes value equal to 75%
of the amount described in (i) above.

         EDS currently intends to exchange unvested options for the
consideration described in (ii) above. However, in any individual case, EDS may
elect to exchange the unvested options for the consideration described in (i)
above as a result of applicable tax, securities and other local laws applicable
to employees in domestic and foreign jurisdictions.

         Each stock option held by one of our directors, whether or not vested,
will be canceled, with the holder becoming entitled to the difference between
the $25.00 cash merger consideration and the exercise price per share of that
option.

         The cash payment on the cancelled SDRC options will be as soon as
practicable following the effective date of the merger. Upon receipt of the cash
payment for an option, the SDRC option holder will no longer hold any interest
or claim relating to the canceled SDRC option.

         The cash payment on cancelled SDRC options will constitute ordinary
income. If you are an SDRC employee, then SDRC will be required to collect all
applicable withholding taxes from that cash payment, including federal, state,
local and/or foreign income and employment withholding taxes, and the actual
payment you will receive for your cancelled SDRC options will be reduced by the
amount of those withholding taxes.

         No cash payments will be made with respect to cancelled SDRC options,
whether vested or unvested, which have an exercise price per share of $25 or
more.

         The EDS stock options will be granted as soon as practicable following
the effective date of the merger and will have an exercise price per share equal
to the fair market value per share of EDS common stock on the grant date. The
EDS stock options will vest in four successive equal annual installments upon
the optionee's completion of each year of service over the 4-year period
measured from the effective date of the merger. The EDS stock options will have
a maximum term of 10 years, subject to earlier termination following the
optionee's cessation of service. The EDS stock options are non-qualified stock
options under the federal tax laws.

SURRENDER AND EXCHANGE OF SHARE CERTIFICATES

         EDS has appointed ______________ to be the paying agent under the
merger agreement. After the effective time, EDS will cause the surviving
corporation to deposit, as and when needed, an amount in cash equal to the
aggregate amount of cash merger consideration to be paid to persons who held our
common stock and any of our stock options. The paying agent will cause the
applicable merger consideration to be paid to our shareholders in exchange for
properly tendered stock certificates and to our option holders as set forth in
the merger agreement.

         As soon as reasonably practicable after the effective time, the paying
agent will send persons who held our common stock immediately before the merger
became effective a letter of transmittal containing instructions for use in
effecting the exchange of their SDRC common

stock certificates for the merger consideration payable to them. If you held
shares of our common stock immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, upon surrender to the paying agent of your stock certificate or
certificates and the acceptance of such certificate or certificates by the
paying agent in accordance with the instructions to be provided by the paying
agent, the paying agent will deliver to you the merger consideration owed to you
pursuant to the merger agreement. You should not send in your share certificates
until you receive a letter of transmittal. No interest will be paid or accrue on
any cash payable to you.

         Any portion of the merger consideration which remains undistributed by
the paying agent 180 days after the effective time will be delivered to the
surviving corporation. If, at that time, you have not previously exchanged your
certificates, you may thereafter only look to the surviving corporation, and
then only as a general creditor, for payment of the merger consideration owed to
you.

         If you do not have your share certificate, you may make an affidavit of
that fact. In addition, we may require that you post a bond in a reasonable
amount to be determined by the surviving corporation with respect to the missing
share certificate. Upon receipt of the affidavit and any required bond, the
paying agent will issue the merger consideration to you.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         We made customary representations and warranties in the merger
agreement relating to various aspects of our business and financial statements
and other matters, including, among other things:

         o    our and our subsidiaries' organization, qualification and good
              standing;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' organizational documents;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' capital structure;

         o    our authority to enter into, and carry out the obligations under,
              the merger agreement and the enforceability of the merger
              agreement;

         o    the absence of conflicts and the required consents and approvals
              of governmental entities relating to the merger;

         o    the absence of conflicts, violations or defaults under our
              organizational documents and other agreements;

         o    the required consents and approvals of third parties;

         o    the documents and reports filed and to be filed, including this
              proxy statement, with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
              the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in
              those documents and reports;

         o    the absence of certain changes or material events since December
              31, 2000;

         o    tax matters;

         o    the absence of undisclosed material liabilities;

         o    pension, benefit plans and other matters relating to the Employee
              Retirement Income Security Act of 1974;

         o    labor matters;

         o    litigation matters;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' compliance with applicable laws;

         o    environmental matters;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' material contracts;

         o    brokers' fees and expenses;

         o    the opinion of our financial advisor;

         o    potential conflicts of interest;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' ownership of intellectual property;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' ownership and licensing of software;

         o    our and our subsidiaries' title to properties; and

         o    insurance matters.

         The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties of
EDS and Sub relating to various aspects of their business, including, among
other things:

         o    their organization, qualification and good standing;

         o    the absence of any conduct of business by Sub;

         o    their authority to enter into, and carry out the obligations
              under, the merger agreement and the enforceability of the merger
              agreement;

         o    the absence of conflicts and the required consents and approvals
              of governmental entities relating to the merger;

         o    the absence of conflicts, violations or defaults under their
              organizational documents and other agreements;

         o    the required consents and approvals of third parties;

         o    the accuracy and completeness of the information provided in
              connection with this proxy statement;

         o    brokers' fees and expenses;

         o    adequate financing to undertake the merger; and

         o    litigation affecting the transactions contemplated by the merger
              agreement.

         The representations and warranties of each party will expire at the
time the merger occurs.

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PRIOR TO THE MERGER

         We have agreed, prior to the time the merger occurs, to operate our and
our subsidiaries' business in the ordinary course of business consistent with
our past practices and to use our reasonable efforts to preserve our business
organization intact, to retain the services of our present principal officers
and employees, to preserve our relationships with customers, suppliers and
others having business dealings with us, to preserve our assets and to maintain
adequate insurance coverage.

         In addition, the merger agreement places specific restrictions on our
ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to:

         o    declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution
              with respect to our capital stock;

         o    split, combine or reclassify any of our capital stock or issue or
              authorize for issuance any other securities in substitution of our
              capital stock;

         o    purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of our capital
              stock or any rights, warrants or options to acquire our capital
              stock;

         o    issue, deliver, sell, grant, transfer or otherwise encumber or
              dispose of or subject to any lien any shares of our capital stock,
              any securities convertible into our capital stock or any "phantom"
              stock, "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights or
              stock-based performance units, other than the issuance of our
              common stock upon the options outstanding as of the date of the
              merger agreement;

         o    amend our charter or bylaws or other organizational documents;

         o    acquire or agree to acquire through merger or the purchase of a
              substantial equity interest in all or a substantial portion of the
              assets of any entity or any assets that, individually or in the
              aggregate, are in excess of $1 million, except for inventory
              purchased in the ordinary course of business;

         o    grant to any of our or our subsidiaries' employees, officers or
              directors any increase in compensation or pay any bonus, except to
              the extent required under employment agreements in effect as of
              the date of the most recent audited financial statements;

         o    grant to any of our or our subsidiaries' employees, officers or
              directors any increase in severance, change of control or
              termination pay, except to the extent required under any agreement
              in effect as of the date of the most recent audited financial
              statements;

         o    establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining
              agreement, other labor union agreement or employee benefit plan;

         o    take any action to accelerate any rights or benefits except as
              required under the merger agreement, take any action to fund or in
              any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits under
              any benefit agreement or benefit plan, or make any material
              determinations not in the ordinary course of business, under any
              collective bargaining agreement, labor union agreement or employee
              benefit plan;

         o    make any change in our accounting methods, principles or practices
              affecting the reported assets, liabilities or results of our
              operations or any of our subsidiaries, except as required by a
              change in generally accepted accounting principles;

         o    sell, lease (as lessor), license, encumber or otherwise dispose of
              or subject to any lien any of our properties or assets that,
              individually or in the aggregate, are in excess of $500,000,
              except sales of our inventory and excess or obsolete assets in the
              ordinary course of business;

         o    incur, assume or prepay any indebtedness for borrowed money or
              guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible for
              any indebtedness or obligation of another person or issue or sell
              any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any
              debt securities, except for short-term borrowings incurred in the
              ordinary course of business not to exceed $1.0 million, or make or
              forgive any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
              investments in, any other person;

         o    make or agree to make any new capital expenditure or expenditures
              that, individually or in the aggregate, are in excess of $1.0
              million in any calendar quarter;

         o    make or change any material tax election or settle or compromise
              any material tax liability or refund;

         o    pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities,
              obligations or litigation, other than the payment, discharge,
              settlement or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business or
              in accordance with their terms, of liabilities reflected or
              reserved against in our most recent consolidated financial
              statements or incurred since the date of such financial statements
              in the ordinary course of business or cancel any of our
              indebtedness that is material, individually or in the aggregate,
              to us, or waive any claims or rights of substantial value;

         o    adopt a plan or agreement of, or resolutions providing for or
              authorizing, complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger,
              consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
              reorganization;

         o    make, enter into or renew, extend, amend, modify, or waive any
              provisions of any of our material contracts or relinquish or waive
              any rights under, or agree to the termination of, any of our
              material contracts, except in the ordinary course of business;

         o    permit any material insurance policy naming SDRC as a beneficiary
              or a loss payable payee to lapse, be cancelled or expire unless a
              new policy with substantially identical coverage is in effect as
              of the date of lapse, cancellation or expiration; or

         o    authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the foregoing
              actions.

NO SOLICITATION

         In the merger agreement, we have agreed that, prior to the merger, we
will cease, and all subsidiaries and affiliates will cease, immediately any
discussions or negotiations that were ongoing with any party at the time we
signed the merger agreement with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal (as
defined below) and that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries, affiliates,
directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives, will:

         o    solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage any inquiries relating
              to, or the submission of, any Company Takeover Proposal;

         o    participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any
              Company Takeover Proposal or furnish to any person any information
              or data about us or our subsidiaries or take any action to
              facilitate the making of any proposal that constitutes or may lead
              to, any Company Takeover Proposal; or

         o    enter into any agreement with respect to a Company Takeover
              Proposal.

         However, the merger agreement does not prohibit us or our board of
directors from:

         o    furnishing information to, or participating in discussions or
              negotiations with any third party that makes an unsolicited bona
              fide Company Takeover Proposal if our board of directors
              determines in good faith that these actions are required to comply
              with its fiduciary duties and that the Company Takeover Proposal
              could reasonably be expected to result in a transaction that would
              be a Superior Company Proposal (as defined below);

         o    if applicable, taking and disclosing to our shareholders a
              position, as contemplated by Rules 14e-2(a) under the Securities
              Exchange Act (or any similar communications), or making any
              disclosure to our shareholders with respect to a Company Takeover
              Proposal that is required by law provided the board of directors
              shall not recommend

              that shareholders tender their shares unless a proposal is a
              superior company proposal; and

         o    in the event that our board of directors determines that a Company
              Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior Company Proposal and that
              the pursuit of such proposal is required to fulfill our board of
              directors' fiduciary obligations under applicable law, and EDS
              does not make within three business days a counter-offer that is
              at least as favorable, from a financial point of view, to our
              shareholders as the Superior Company Proposal, then the board of
              directors may terminate the merger agreement, and the termination
              would not be considered a breach of the merger agreement; however,
              a termination by us under these circumstances would require us to
              pay EDS the termination fee described below.

         As defined in the merger agreement, the term "Company Takeover
Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer (other than by EDS, Sub or any of
their affiliates) for a merger, consolidation, share exchange, dissolution,
recapitalization, liquidation or other business combination involving SDRC, the
acquisition by any person of a number of shares of our equity securities equal
to or greater than 20% of the number our outstanding shares or the acquisition
by any person of assets that generate or constitute 20% or more of our, or our
subsidiaries', net revenues, net income or assets on a consolidated basis.

         As defined in the merger agreement, the term "Superior Company
Proposal" means any bona fide written Company Takeover Proposal made by a third
party or parties (other than by EDS, Sub or any of their affiliates) to acquire
directly or indirectly all of our equity securities or substantially all of our
assets, which our board of directors determines in good faith (after
consultation with an independent financial advisor and outside counsel), taking
into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal
that our board of directors determines in good faith to be relevant and the
person making such proposal, (i) would, if consummated, be more favorable, from
a financial point of view, to our shareholders than the transactions set forth
in the merger agreement and (ii) is reasonably capable of being completed,
taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such
proposal.

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         In addition to the covenants relating to the conduct of our business
before the completion of the merger, we have agreed with EDS and Sub to perform
additional specified covenants in the merger agreement. The principal additional
covenants are as follows:

Proxy Statement and Special Meeting

         We agreed to prepare and file this proxy statement with the SEC as soon
as practicable after the execution of the merger agreement and as soon as
practicable after the execution of the merger agreement we will call, give
notice of and convene a special meeting of our shareholders for the purpose of
seeking their approval of the merger.

Access to Information and Confidentiality

         Subject to the confidentiality agreement we entered into with EDS, we
have agreed that we will allow EDS, and EDS' officers, employees, accountants,
counsel, financial advisors and other representatives, access during the period
prior to the merger to all of our, and our subsidiaries', properties, books,
contracts, commitments, personnel and records and other information and business
documents, our independent accountants and our premises and the premises of our
subsidiaries for the purpose of inspecting our books and records and performing
environmental assessments.

Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification

         Each of SDRC, our subsidiaries and EDS agreed that we and they will use
all reasonable best efforts to take all actions, and to assist and cooperate
with the other parties in doing all things necessary to consummate the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Stock Options

         As soon as practicable following the execution of the merger agreement,
we have agreed that our board of directors will adopt such resolutions or take
such other actions as are required to provide that each outstanding option to
acquire our common stock, whether vested or unvested will be canceled in
accordance with the merger agreement.

         Each employee stock option to purchase shares of common stock vested
and outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be canceled in exchange for
cash equal to the difference between the $25.00 cash merger consideration and
the exercise price per share of that option. Each unvested option to purchase
shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the merger, which does
not vest as a result of the merger, will be canceled in exchange for, at EDS'
option, either (i) cash equal to the difference between the $25.00 cash merger
consideration and the exercise price per share of that option or (ii) an amount
of cash equal to 25% of the amount described in (i) above plus an option to
purchase EDS stock options with a Black-Scholes value equal to 75% of the amount
described in (i) above.

         Each director stock option to purchase shares of common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the merger, whether vested or unvested, will be
canceled in exchange for cash equal to the difference between the $25.00 cash
merger consideration and the exercise price per share of that option.

Indemnification

         For a period of six years after the merger, EDS will cause the
surviving corporation to:

         o    indemnify and hold harmless, and provide advancement of expenses
              to, persons who after the effective time are serving, or at any
              time prior to the effective time have served as, an officer or
              director of SDRC or our subsidiaries, to the fullest extent
              permitted by law, and shall cause the surviving corporation to
              assume our obligations under any indemnification agreements;

         o    cause to be maintained in effect policies of directors' and
              officers' insurance, for the benefit of those persons who are
              covered by our and our subsidiaries' directors' and officers'
              liability insurance at the effective time, providing coverage that
              is at least equal to the coverage provided under our current
              directors' and officers' liability insurance policies, to the
              extent that such liability insurance can be maintained at an
              annual cost to EDS that is not greater than 200% of the premium
              for our directors' and officers' liability insurance as of May 23,
              2001; Fees and Expenses

         Except as described below under "Payment of Termination Fee", each of
SDRC, EDS and Sub have agreed to pay their own fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, whether or not the merger is consummated.

Public Announcements

         Each of SDRC, EDS and Sub have agreed to consult with each other before
issuing any press release or other public statements with respect to the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Employee Benefits

         EDS has agreed that it will, cause its employee benefit plans to treat
the prior service of our current or former employees or any of our subsidiaries
as service rendered to EDS or its subsidiaries, for the purposes of eligibility
to participate in and vesting thereunder to the same extent such service is
recognized under our corresponding plans, programs or arrangements prior to the
closing. Each of our employees shall be given credit for his or her service with
SDRC or any of our subsidiaries prior to the effective time for purposes of
determining the amount of vacation to which he or she is entitled in accordance
with EDS' policies following the effective time. Our employees will also be
given credit for any deductible or co-payment amounts paid in respect of the
plan year in which the closing of the merger occurs, to the extent that,
following the Closing, they participate in any other plan for which deductibles
or co-payments are required. EDS will also cause each of its benefit plans to
waive any preexisting condition limitation that was waived under the terms of
any of our benefit plans immediately prior to the closing of the merger and
apply any waiting period limitations that would otherwise be applicable to a our
employees on or after the closing in a manner consistent with the way EDS would
treat similarly situated employees.

Antitrust Filings

         Each of SDRC and EDS have agreed to promptly file with the Federal
Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice
notification and report forms pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, relating to the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Each of SDRC and EDS have
also agreed that they shall also cooperate and consult with one another in
obtaining any consents

required pursuant to the laws of any foreign jurisdiction relating to antitrust
matters or competition.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party's Obligations

         The respective obligation of SDRC, EDS and Sub to effect the merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

         o    We shall have obtained the approval of the merger agreement
              through the affirmative vote of two-thirds of our outstanding
              shares of common stock;

         o    No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
              injunction or other order issued by any court of competent
              jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing
              the consummation of the merger shall be in effect;

         o    No statute, code or regulation shall have been enacted or
              promulgated by any governmental entity that prohibits consummation
              of the merger; and

         o    The waiting period applicable to the consummation of the merger
              under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
              amended, shall have expired or been terminated and all filings
              required to be made prior to the effective time and all consents,
              approvals, permits and authorizations required to be obtained from
              any governmental entity in connection with the consummation of the
              transactions contemplated by the merger agreement shall have been
              made or obtained, unless the failure to obtains such approvals and
              consents would not have a material adverse effect on the merger or
              the surviving corporation.

Additional Conditions to Obligations of EDS and Sub

         The obligations of EDS and Sub to effect the merger are also subject to
the following conditions:

         o    All of the representations and warranties given by us in the
              merger agreement (other than those described below) will be true
              and correct on the closing date, except (i) where such breach of a
              representation or warranty does not have, individually or in the
              aggregate, a material adverse effect on us, as described below,
              (ii) for changes contemplated by the merger agreement, and (iii)
              for representations and warranties made only as to a specified
              date;

         o    The representations and warranties made by us with respect to our
              capitalization, our authority to enter into the merger agreement,
              the approval of the merger agreement, the documents we have filed
              with the SEC, the absence of undisclosed liabilities, the absence
              of certain changes since December 31, 2000, environmental matters,
              brokers' fees and the opinion of our financial advisor will be
              true and correct on the closing date;

         o    We shall have performed or complied in all material respects with
              all agreements and covenants required by this agreement to be
              performed and complied with by us; and

         o    No event or events have occurred which, individually or in the
              aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
              material adverse effect on us.

         A "material adverse effect on us" means a material adverse effect on
(i) our business, operations, assets, financial or other condition or results of
operations, (ii) our ability to perform our obligations under the merger
agreement or (iii) our ability to consummate the merger or other transactions in
connection therewith, except effects relating to (a) economies in general, (b)
our industry in general, (c) the securities markets in general, or (d) the
announcement of the merger and related transactions.

Additional Conditions to our Obligations

         Our obligations to effect the merger are also subject to the following
conditions:

         o    Each representation and warranty given by EDS and Sub in the
              merger agreement will be true and correct in all material
              respects; and

         o    EDS and Sub shall have performed or complied in all material
              respects with all agreements and covenants required by this
              agreement to be performed and complied with by them

Termination

         The merger agreement may be terminated, by action of the board of
directors of either EDS and SDRC, at any time prior to the completion of the
merger:

         (1)  by mutual written consent of EDS and SDRC; or

         (2)  by either EDS or SDRC:

         o    if the merger is not consummated by November 30, 2001, with the
              exception that a party may not terminate the merger agreement if
              that party's failure to perform its obligations under the merger
              agreement is the primary cause of the merger not being completed;

         o    if a statute, rule or executive order shall have been enacted and
              shall then be in effect prohibiting the merger or any of the
              transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or if a
              governmental entity has issued a final order or taken such other
              action which permanently enjoins or otherwise prohibits the
              consummation of the merger; or

         o    if at our special meeting, our shareholders do not approve the
              merger.

         (3)  by us:

         o    if EDS or Sub shall have breached or failed to perform in any
              material respect any of their respective representations,
              warranties, covenants or other agreements or if any representation
              or warranty of EDS or Sub shall have become untrue, and such
              breach or failure either is not capable of being cured or, if it
              is capable of being cured, has not been cured within 20 business
              days following written notice to EDS of such breach or failure; or

         o    if (i) prior to the special meeting our board of directors makes a
              good faith determination, after consultation with our outside
              financial advisor and outside counsel, that a Company Takeover
              Proposal constitutes a Superior Company Proposal and that the
              pursuit of such Superior Company Proposal is required in order for
              the our board to fulfill its fiduciary obligations to our
              shareholders, (ii) we have notified EDS in writing that we intend
              to enter into an agreement with respect to such Superior Company
              Proposal, and our notice identifies the person making the Superior
              Company Proposal and attaches the most current version of such
              agreement, (iii) EDS does not make within three business days of
              receipt of the notice an offer that our board determines in good
              faith is at least as favorable to our shareholders as the Superior
              Company Proposal, and (iv) we pay to EDS in same day funds the
              termination fee and EDS' expenses.

         (4)  by EDS or Sub, if we do or our board resolves to do any of the
              following:

         o    if we have breached or failed to perform any of our respective
              representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements or if
              any representation or warranty given by us shall have become
              untrue such that the conditions to the obligations of EDS to
              consummate the merger would not be satisfied at the closing date,
              and such breach or failure either is not capable of being cured
              or, if it is capable of being cured, has not been cured within 20
              business days following written notice to us of such breach or
              failure;

         o    if our board of directors withdraws or modifies its approval of
              the merger or the merger agreement in a manner adverse to EDS;

         o    if our board shall have recommended to our shareholders any
              Company Takeover Proposal, or (in any Schedule 14D-9 filed by us
              in response to a Company Takeover) the board either failed to
              recommend against acceptance of any Company Takeover Proposal by
              our shareholders or taken no position with respect to acceptance
              of such Company Takeover Proposal;

         o    if we fail to call or hold a special meeting to approve the
              merger;

         o    if our board fails to mail this proxy statement to our
              shareholders within a reasonable period of time after the proxy
              statement shall have been available for mailing;

         o    if we have entered into an agreement with respect to a Company
              Takeover Proposal; or

         o    if we have exempted for purposes of Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Law
              any acquisition of shares of our common stock by any person or
              "group" (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange
              Act), other than EDS, Sub or their affiliates, or amended our
              rights agreement or redeemed our outstanding rights for the
              purpose of exempting an acquisition of shares of our common stock
              from the such rights agreement and rights.

PAYMENT OF TERMINATION FEE

         We would be required to pay EDS a $30 million termination fee, together
with its out of pocket expenses up to $2 million, if the merger agreement is
terminated under any of the following circumstances:

         o    by EDS or us, if the merger is not consummated by November 30,
              2001, and at or prior to such termination, we have received one or
              more Company Takeover Proposals that have not been absolutely and
              unconditionally withdrawn or abandoned at the time of such
              termination;

         o    by EDS or us, if our shareholders do not approve the merger, and
              at or prior to such termination, we have received one or more
              Company Takeover Proposals that have not been absolutely and
              unconditionally withdrawn or abandoned at the time of such
              termination or if, within twelve months after we terminate the
              merger agreement because our shareholders do not approve the
              merger, we enter into any agreement with respect to a company
              takeover proposal;

         o    by EDS, if a Company Takeover Proposal exists and we have breached
              or failed to perform any of our respective representations,
              warranties, covenants or other agreements or if any representation
              or warranty given by us shall have become untrue such that the
              conditions to the obligations of EDS to consummate the merger
              would not be satisfied at the closing date, and such breach or
              failure either is not capable of being cured or, if it is capable
              of being cured, has not been cured within 20 business days
              following written notice to us of such breach or failure;

         o    by us, if (i) prior to the special meeting our board of directors
              makes a good faith determination, after consultation with our
              outside financial advisor and outside counsel, that a Company
              Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior Company Proposal and that
              the pursuit of such Superior Company Proposal is required in order
              for the our board to fulfill its fiduciary obligations to our
              shareholders, (ii) we have notified EDS in writing that we intend
              to enter into an agreement with respect to such Superior Company
              Proposal, and our notice identifies the person making the Superior
              Company Proposal and attaches the most current version of such
              agreement, and (iii) EDS does not make within three business days
              of receipt of the notice an offer that our board determines in
              good faith is at least as favorable to our shareholders as the
              Superior Company Proposal;

         o    by EDS, if our board of directors withdraws or modifies its
              approval of the merger or the merger agreement in a manner adverse
              to EDS;

         o    by EDS, if our board shall have recommended to our shareholders
              any Company Takeover Proposal, or (in any Schedule 14D-9 filed by
              us in response to a Company Takeover) the board either failed to
              recommend against acceptance of any Company Takeover Proposal by
              our shareholders or taken no position with respect to acceptance
              of such Company Takeover Proposal;

         o    by EDS, if we fail to call or hold a special meeting to approve
              the merger;

         o    by EDS, if our board fails to mail this proxy statement to our
              shareholders within a reasonable period of time after the proxy
              statement shall have been available for mailing;

         o    by EDS, if we have entered into an agreement with respect to a
              Company Takeover Proposal; or

         o    by EDS, if we have exempted for purposes of Chapter 1704 of the
              Ohio Law any acquisition of shares of our common stock by any
              person or "group" (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the
              Securities Exchange Act), other than EDS, Sub or their affiliates,
              or amended our rights agreement or redeemed our outstanding rights
              for the purpose of exempting an acquisition of shares of our
              common stock from the such rights agreement and rights.

         o    We would also be required to pay a $30 million termination fee if,
              within twelve months after either party terminates the merger
              agreement because our shareholders did not approve the merger, we
              enter into an agreement for an alternative business combination.

AMENDMENTS, EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS

Amendment

         The merger agreement may be amended, supplemented or modified by the
parties at any time before or after receipt of approval by our shareholders in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties, with the exception that after
we receive our shareholder approval of the merger, no amendment or modification
shall be made that by law requires further approval by our shareholders unless
we obtain such approval.

Extensions and Waivers

         Each party to the merger may waive any condition that is intended for
its benefit, other than conditions that cannot be waived, such as shareholder
approval, any HSR waiting period or a governmental restraint. At any before the
effective time, any party to the merger agreement may, to the extent allowed:

         o    extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
              other acts of the other parties;

         o    waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of
              another party contained in the merger agreement or in any document
              delivered in connection with the merger agreement; or

         o    waive compliance with any of the covenants, agreements or
              conditions of another party contained in the merger agreement.

All extensions and waivers must be in writing and signed by the party against
whom the waiver is to be effective.

THE VOTING AGREEMENT

         Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the merger
agreement, William Weyand, Glenn Weinkoop, William Gascoigne, John A.
Mongelluzo, Jeffery Vorholt, Deborah Davis, William Carreli, Cynthia White, Ron
Schmitz, James Rusk, Max Utter, Hans-Kurt Luebberstedt, Thomas Eberle, Douglas
Campbell, Terry Van Meter, Sanford Kaiser, Gregory Myers, Steven Walker, Mike
White, Mitchell G. Tyson, Gilbert R. Whitaker, Jr., William P. Conlin, Maurice
F. Holmes, Bannus B. Hudson and Arthur B. Sims, the holders of approximately
___% of our outstanding common stock, have agreed to vote for adoption of the
merger agreement, pursuant to a voting agreement under which such shareholders
have agreed:

         o    to vote for adoption of the merger agreement at any meeting of our
              shareholders at which such matter is considered and to execute
              written consents solicited in favor of adopting the merger
              agreement;

         o    to vote against any action or transaction that would result in a
              breach in any material respect of any of the covenants,
              representations or warranties given by us in the merger agreement;

         o    to vote against any extraordinary corporate transaction, including
              any business combination, the sale of a substantial portion of our
              assets, any corporate reorganization, any Company Takeover
              Proposal, and any change in a majority of the persons constituting
              our board of directors;

         o    to vote against any change in our present capitalization or our
              articles of incorporation or code of regulations;

         o    to vote against any material change in our structure or business;

         o    to vote against any other action that is intended, or could
              reasonably be expected, to materially adversely affect the merger;
              and

         o    not to enter into any voting trust or voting agreement or grant
              any proxies with respect to such shareholders' shares of our
              common stock.

         The voting agreement will terminate on the earliest to occur of:

         o    the termination of the merger agreement; or

         o    the effective time of the merger.

         The individuals listed above have signed the voting agreement solely in
their capacities as shareholders of SDRC, and not in their capacities as
directors of SDRC. The foregoing is a summary description of the voting
agreement. The voting agreement is attached as Appendix C hereto.

                           THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

         Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the merger
agreement, we entered into a stock option agreement with EDS under which we
granted EDS the right, under limited circumstances, to purchase a number of
shares of newly-issued common stock equal to 10% of our issued and outstanding
shares of common stock as of the date of the exercise of the option. The stock
option agreement is subject to a number of conditions and only becomes
exercisable in the event that a termination fee is payable pursuant to the terms
of the merger agreement. (See "THE MERGER AGREEMENT - Payment of Termination
Fee" above). The option terminates upon the earliest of the date of the merger
closing, the date of the termination of the merger agreement on a basis that
does not trigger payment of the termination fee, or the date nine months
following the date the option first becomes exercisable.

         When exercisable, the option granted under the stock option agreement
may be exercised by delivery of the exercise price of $25.00 per share in cash.
If EDS receives the termination fee, EDS will be required to remit to us any
proceeds it receives from us from the sale of the option or the underlying
shares in excess of the termination fee.

         Under the option agreement, EDS has the right to require SDRC to
repurchase from EDS all or any portion of the option at a purchase price equal
to the average 10 day closing price for SDRC's stock at the time of the
repurchase. The maximum SDRC could be require to pay EDS under this provision is
$30 million, less any amount paid to EDS in respect of the termination fee.

         Granting of the stock option is likely to be considered a change in an
equity interest under applicable accounting rules, and may have the impact of
preventing us from entering into an agreement with a third party to be acquired
in a pooling transaction, in the immediate future.

         The foregoing is a summary description of the stock option agreement.
The stock option agreement is attached to this proxy as Appendix D.

                        OHIO STATUTORY DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

      Under Ohio law, our shareholders have the right to dissent from the
merger and receive the fair cash value of their shares of our common stock.
Shareholders that elect to exercise their dissenters' rights must comply with
the provisions of Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law, a copy of
which is attached as Appendix E.

      Below are the steps which you must take if you are a SDRC shareholder
and you wish to exercise dissenters' rights with respect to the merger. The
description is not complete and you should read Section 1701.85 of the Ohio
General Corporation Law. FAILURE TO TAKE ANY ONE OF THE REQUIRED STEPS MAY
RESULT IN TERMINATION OF A SHAREHOLDER'S DISSENTERS' RIGHTS. If you are a SDRC
shareholder considering dissenting, you should consult your own legal advisor.

         1. Must be a shareholder of record. To be entitled to dissenters'
rights, you must be the record holder of the dissenting shares as of __________,
2001. If you have a beneficial interest in shares of our common stock that are
held of record in the name of another person, you must act promptly to cause the
shareholder of record to follow the steps described below.

         2. Do not vote in favor of the merger. You must not vote shares as to
which you seek fair cash value in favor of the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the merger contemplated by the merger agreement at the
special shareholders meeting. This requirement will be satisfied:

              A. if a properly executed proxy is submitted or telephone or
Internet vote is cast with instructions to vote "against" the merger or to
"abstain" from this vote;

              B. if no proxy is returned and no vote is cast at the special
meeting in favor of the merger; or

              C. if you revoke a proxy or telephone or Internet vote and later
"abstain" from or vote "against" the merger.

      A VOTE "FOR" THE MERGER IS A WAIVER OF DISSENTERS' RIGHTS. A proxy that
is returned signed but on which no voting preference is indicated will be voted
in favor of the merger and will constitute a waiver of dissenters' rights.
Failure to vote does not constitute a waiver of dissenters' rights.

         3. Filing a written demand. You must serve a written demand for the
fair cash value of the dissenting shares upon SDRC on or before the tenth day
after the shareholder vote approving the merger agreement and the merger. We
will not inform shareholders of the expiration of the ten-day period, and
therefore, you are advised to retain this document. The required written demand
must specify your name and address, the number of dissenting shares held of
record on the record date of the meeting and the amount claimed as the fair cash
value of the dissenting shares. Voting against the merger is not a written
demand as required by Section 1701.85 of the Ohio General Corporation Law.

         4. Delivery of certificates for legending. If requested by us, you must
submit your certificates for dissenting shares to us within 15 days after we
send our request for endorsement on the certificates by SDRC of a legend that a
demand for fair cash value has been made. The certificates will be returned
promptly to you by us.

         5. Petitions to be filed in court. If you and SDRC cannot agree on the
fair cash value of the dissenting shares, you must, within three months after
service of your demand for fair cash value, file a complaint in the Court of
Common Pleas of Clermont County, Ohio, for a determination of the fair cash
value of the dissenting shares. We are also permitted to file a complaint. The
court, if it determines that you are entitled, will order that you be paid the
fair cash value per share. The costs of the proceeding, including reasonable
compensation to the appraisers, will be assessed as the court considers
equitable. "Fair cash value" is the amount that a willing seller, under no
compulsion to sell, would be willing to accept, and that a willing buyer, under
no compulsion to purchase, would be willing to pay. In no event will the fair
cash value be in excess of the amount specified in the dissenting shareholder's
demand. Fair cash value is determined as of the day before the special meeting.
The amount of the fair cash value excludes any appreciation or depreciation in
market value of your shares resulting from the merger. The fair cash value of
your shares may be higher, the same or lower than the market value of the shares
on the date of the merger.

         Your right to be paid the fair cash value of the dissenting shares will
terminate if:

         o    for any reason the merger does not become effective;

         o    you fail to make a timely written demand on us;

         o    you do not, upon request by us, timely surrender certificates for
              an endorsement of a legend that a demand for the fair cash value
              of the dissenting shares has been made;

         o    you withdraw your demand, with the consent of the board of
              directors; or

         o    SDRC and you have not come to an agreement as to the fair cash
              value of the dissenting shares and you have not filed a complaint
              within three months after service of your demand for fair cash
              value.

         From the time you make your demand, your rights as a shareholder shall
be suspended. If we pay cash dividends during the suspension, dissenting
shareholders will be paid any such dividend as a credit upon the fair cash value
of the shares. If the right to receive fair cash value is terminated, all rights
with respect to the dissenting shares will be restored to you. Any distribution
that would have been made to you had you not made a demand will be made at the
time of the termination.

         TO BE EFFECTIVE, A DEMAND FOR FAIR CASH VALUE BY A SHAREHOLDER OF OUR
COMMON STOCK MUST BE MADE BY OR IN THE NAME OF THE RECORD HOLDER, FULLY AND
CORRECTLY, AS THE SHAREHOLDER'S NAME APPEARS ON HIS OR HER STOCK CERTIFICATE(S)
AND CANNOT BE MADE BY THE BENEFICIAL OWNER IF HE OR SHE DOES NOT ALSO HOLD THE
SHARES OF RECORD. THE BENEFICIAL OWNER MUST, IN SUCH CASES, HAVE THE RECORD
HOLDER SUBMIT THE REQUIRED DEMAND IN RESPECT OF SUCH

SHARES. If you hold your shares of common stock in a brokerage account or in
other nominee form and you wish to exercise dissenters' rights, you should
consult with your broker or such other nominee to determine the appropriate
procedures for the making of a demand for fair cash value by such nominee. A
record owner, such as a broker, who holds shares as a nominee for others, may
exercise his or her right to dissent with respect to the shares held for one or
more beneficial owners, while not exercising this right for other beneficial
owners. In such case, the written demand should state the number of shares as to
which dissenter rights are sought. Where no number of shares is expressly
mentioned, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares held in the name of
such record owner.

         The foregoing constitutes a brief description of the rights of
dissenting shareholders and does not purport to be a complete statement of such
rights or the procedures to be followed by shareholders desiring to receive the
fair cash value of their shares. Each shareholder who may desire to receive the
value of his or her shares should consult Section 1701.85 of the Ohio Revised
Code and strictly adhere to all of the provisions thereof. A copy of that
section is attached hereto as Appendix E and this discussion concerning the
rights of dissenting shareholders is qualified in its entirety by reference to
that section.

                                  OTHER MATTERS

         The board of directors does not know of any other business to be
presented to the meeting and does not intend to bring other matters before the
meeting. However, if other matters properly come before the meeting, it is
intended that the persons named in the accompanying proxy will vote thereon
according to their best judgment in the interest of the Company.

                              SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

         In order for any shareholder proposals for the Special Meeting to be
eligible for inclusion in the Company's proxy statement relating to that meeting
and to be presented for shareholder action at that meeting, they must be
received by our Secretary at 2000 Eastman Drive, Milford, Ohio 45150 prior to
_________, 2001. The form of proxy distributed by the Company with respect to
the Special Meeting may include the discretionary authority to vote on any
matter which is presented to the shareholders at the meeting (other than by
management) if the Company does not receive notice of that matter at the above
address prior to ________, 2001.

                                       BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                                       John A. Mongelluzzo
                                       Secretary and General Counsel

Milford, Ohio
_________, 2001

BEAR                                                    Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
STEARNS                                                          245 Park Avenue
                                                        New York, New York 10167
                                                                Tel 212.272.2000
                                                             www.bearstearns.com

May 23, 2001

The Board of Directors
Structural Dynamics Research Corporation
2000 Eastman Drive
Milford, OH 45150-2740

Gentlemen:

We understand that Structural Dynamics Research Corporation ("Structural
Dynamics"), Electronic Data Systems Corporation ("EDS") and Emerald Acquisition
Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of EDS ("Merger Sub") have entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement") dated May 23, 2001, pursuant to
which Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Structural Dynamics (the
"Transaction"). As more fully described in the Agreement, each issued and
outstanding share of Structural Dynamics common stock shall be converted into
the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $25.00 (the "Purchase Price").

You have asked us to render our opinion as to whether the Purchase Price is
fair, from a financial point of view, to the shareholders of Structural
Dynamics.

In the course of performing our review and analyses for rendering this opinion,
we have:

o    reviewed the Agreement;

o    reviewed Structural Dynamics' Annual Reports to Shareholders and Annual
     Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 1998 through 2000,
     its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2001 and
     its Reports on Form 8-K for the three years ended the date hereof;

o    reviewed certain operating and financial information, including projections
     for the three years ended December 31, 2003, provided to us by management
     relating to Structural Dynamics' business and prospects;

o    met with certain members of Structural Dynamics' senior management to
     discuss Structural Dynamics' business, operations, historical and projected
     financial results and future prospects;

o    reviewed the historical prices, trading multiples and trading volume of
     the common shares of Structural Dynamics;

o    reviewed publicly available financial data, stock market performance data
     and trading multiples of companies which we deemed generally comparable to
     Structural Dynamics;

                                      A-1

Structural Dynamics Research Corporation
May 23, 2001
Page 2

o    reviewed the terms of recent mergers involving companies which we deemed
     generally comparable to Structural Dynamics and the Transaction;

o    performed discounted cash flow analyses based on the projections for
     Structural Dynamics furnished to us; and

o    conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations as we
     deemed appropriate.

We have relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, the accuracy
and completeness of the financial and other information, including without
limitation the projections, provided to us by Structural Dynamics. With respect
to Structural Dynamics' projected financial results, we have assumed that they
have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the senior management of Structural Dynamics as to
the expected future performance of Structural Dynamics. We have not assumed any
responsibility for the independent verification of any such information or of
the projections provided to us, and we have further relied upon the assurances
of the senior management of Structural Dynamics that they are unaware of any
facts that would make the information and projections provided to us incomplete
or misleading.

In arriving at our opinion, we have not performed or obtained any independent
appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Structural
Dynamics, nor have we been furnished with any such appraisals. We have not been
asked to, and have not, solicited indications of interest from any third parties
regarding a transaction with Structural Dynamics. We have assumed that the
Transaction will be consummated in a timely manner and in accordance with the
terms of the Agreement without any regulatory limitations, restrictions,
conditions, amendments or modifications that collectively would have a material
effect on Structural Dynamics.

We have been engaged by Structural Dynamics to render a fairness opinion with
respect to the Transaction and upon rendering our opinion will receive a
customary fee. In the ordinary course of business, Bear Stearns may actively
trade the equity and debt securities of Structural Dynamics and/or EDS for our
own account and for the account of our customers and, accordingly, may at any
time hold a long or short position in such securities.

It is understood that this letter is intended for the benefit and use of the
Board of Directors of Structural Dynamics and does not constitute a
recommendation to the Board of Directors of Structural Dynamics or any holders
of Structural Dynamics common stock as to how to vote in connection with the
Transaction. This opinion does not address Structural Dynamics' underlying
business decision to pursue the Transaction , the relative merits of the
Transaction as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist
for Structural Dynamics or the effects of any other transaction in which
Structural Dynamics might engage. This letter is not to be used for any other
purpose, or be reproduced, disseminated, quoted from or referred to at any time,
in whole or in part, without our prior written consent; provided, however, that
this letter may be included in its entirety in any proxy statement to be
distributed to the holders of Structural Dynamics common stock in connection
with the Transaction. Our opinion is subject to the assumptions and conditions
contained herein and is necessarily based on economic, market and other
conditions, and the information made available to us, as of the date hereof. We
assume no responsibility for updating or revising our opinion based on
circumstances or events occurring after the date hereof.

                                      A-2

Structural Dynamics Research Corporation
May 23, 2001
Page 3

Based on and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date
hereof, the Purchase Price is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
shareholders of Structural Dynamics.

Very truly yours,

BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.

By:
   ------------------------------
      Senior Managing Director

                                      A-3

Structural Dynamics Research Corporation
May 23, 2001
Page 4

- - ----------------------------------

                                      A-4

================================================================================

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                            Dated as of May 23, 2001

                                      among

                      ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION,

                        EMERALD ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

                                       and

                    STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION

================================================================================

                                

                                                      ARTICLE I

                                                      THE MERGER

Section 1.01.       The Merger....................................................................................B-1
Section 1.02.       Closing.......................................................................................B-1
Section 1.03.       Effective Time................................................................................B-2
Section 1.04.       Effects.......................................................................................B-2
Section 1.05.       Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws..........................................................B-2
Section 1.06.       Directors.....................................................................................B-2
Section 1.07.       Officers......................................................................................B-3

                                                      ARTICLE II

                                          EFFECT ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE
                                  CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

Section 2.01.       Effect on Capital Stock.......................................................................B-3
Section 2.02.       Exchange of Certificates......................................................................B-4

                                                     ARTICLE III

                                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Section 3.01.       Organization, Standing and Power..............................................................B-6
Section 3.02.       Capital Structure.............................................................................B-7
Section 3.03.       Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.............................................B-8
Section 3.04.       No Conflicts; Consents........................................................................B-9
Section 3.05.       SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.......................................................B-10
Section 3.06.       Information Supplied.........................................................................B-11
Section 3.07.       Absence of Certain Changes or Events.........................................................B-11
Section 3.08.       Taxes........................................................................................B-13
Section 3.09.       No Undisclosed Material Liabilities..........................................................B-15
Section 3.10.       Pension and Benefit Plans; ERISA.............................................................B-15
Section 3.11.       Labor Matters  ..............................................................................B-18
Section 3.12.       Litigation...................................................................................B-19
Section 3.13.       Compliance with Applicable Laws..............................................................B-19
Section 3.14.       Environmental Matters........................................................................B-20

                                       i

Section 3.15.       Contracts....................................................................................B-21
Section 3.16.       Brokers; Fees and Expenses...................................................................B-23
Section 3.17.       Opinion of Financial Advisor.................................................................B-23
Section 3.18.       Potential Conflicts of Interest..............................................................B-23
Section 3.19.       Intellectual Property........................................................................B-23
Section 3.20.       Software.....................................................................................B-25
Section 3.21.       Title to Properties..........................................................................B-27
Section 3.22.       Insurance....................................................................................B-27

                                                      ARTICLE IV

                                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB

Section 4.01.       Organization, Standing and Power.............................................................B-27
Section 4.02.       Sub..........................................................................................B-28
Section 4.03.       Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability............................................B-28
Section 4.04.       No Conflicts; Consents.......................................................................B-28
Section 4.05.       Information Supplied.........................................................................B-29
Section 4.06.       Brokers......................................................................................B-29
Section 4.07.       Financing....................................................................................B-29
Section 4.08.       Litigation...................................................................................B-29

                                                      ARTICLE V

                                      COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

Section 5.01.       Conduct of Business..........................................................................B-30
Section 5.02.       No Solicitation..............................................................................B-32

                                                      ARTICLE VI

                                                ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 6.01.       Preparation of Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting.........................................B-34
Section 6.02.       Access to Information; Confidentiality.......................................................B-35
Section 6.03.       Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification........................................................B-35
Section 6.04.       Stock Options................................................................................B-36
Section 6.05.       Indemnification..............................................................................B-38
Section 6.06.       Fees and Expenses............................................................................B-40
Section 6.07.       Public Announcements.........................................................................B-40
Section 6.08.       Employee Benefits............................................................................B-40
Section 6.09.       Further Assurances...........................................................................B-41
Section 6.10.       Antitrust Filings............................................................................B-41

                                       ii

                                                     ARTICLE VII

                                                 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 7.01.       Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger...................................B-42
Section 7.02.       Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Sub.......................................B-42
Section 7.03.       Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Company..........................................B-43

                                                     ARTICLE VIII

                                          TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

Section 8.01.       Termination..................................................................................B-44
Section 8.02.       Effect of Termination........................................................................B-46
Section 8.03.       Amendment....................................................................................B-46
Section 8.04.       Extension; Waiver............................................................................B-46
Section 8.05.       Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver....................................B-47

                                                      ARTICLE IX

                                                  GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.01.       Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties................................................B-47
Section 9.02.       Notices......................................................................................B-47
Section 9.03.       Definitions..................................................................................B-48
Section 9.04.       Interpretation...............................................................................B-49
Section 9.05.       Severability.................................................................................B-50
Section 9.06.       Counterparts.................................................................................B-50
Section 9.07.       Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries...............................................B-50
Section 9.08.       Governing Law................................................................................B-50
Section 9.09.       Assignment...................................................................................B-50

                                      iii

                             INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

Term                                                                                                        Section
- - ----                                                                                                        -------

affiliate......................................................................................................9.03
Agreement..................................................................................................Preamble
Appraisal Statute...........................................................................................2.01(d)
Antitrust Division.............................................................................................6.10
business day...................................................................................................9.03
Certificate of Merger..........................................................................................1.03
Certificates................................................................................................2.02(b)
Closing........................................................................................................1.02
Closing Date...................................................................................................1.02
Code........................................................................................................2.02(g)
Company....................................................................................................Preamble
Company Board...............................................................................................3.02(b)
Company Bylaws.................................................................................................3.01
Company Charter................................................................................................3.01
Company Common Stock........................................................................................2.01(b)
Company Disclosure Letter......................................................................................3.01
Company Employee...............................................................................................6.08
Company Employee Benefit Plans..............................................................................3.10(a)
Company ERISA Affiliate.....................................................................................3.10(a)
Company's Foreign Knowledge....................................................................................9.03
Company Material Adverse Effect................................................................................9.03
Company Pension Plan........................................................................................3.10(a)
Company Right...............................................................................................3.02(a)
Company Rights Agreement....................................................................................3.02(a)
Company SEC Documents.......................................................................................3.05(a)
Company Stock Option........................................................................................6.04(d)
Company Stock Plans.........................................................................................6.04(d)
Company Stockholder Approval................................................................................3.03(a)
Company Stockholders Meeting................................................................................6.01(b)
Company Takeover Proposal...................................................................................5.02(c)
Confidentiality Agreement...................................................................................6.02(b)
Consent.....................................................................................................3.04(b)
Contract....................................................................................................3.02(a)
Dissent Shares..............................................................................................2.01(d)
Effective Time.................................................................................................1.03
Employed Intellectual Property..............................................................................3.l9(a)
Environmental Laws.............................................................................................3.14
Environmental Liabilities......................................................................................3.14
ERISA.......................................................................................................3.10(a)
Exchange Act................................................................................................3.04(b)
Exchange Fund...............................................................................................2.02(a)
Expenses....................................................................................................6.06(b)
FTC............................................................................................................6.10
Filed Company SEC Documents....................................................................................3.07
Foreign Benefit Plan........................................................................................3.10(g)

                                       iv

Term                                                                                                        Section
- - ----                                                                                                        -------

GAAP........................................................................................................3.05(a)
Governmental Entity.........................................................................................3.04(b)
HSR Act.....................................................................................................3.04(b)
Hazardous Materials............................................................................................3.14
in the ordinary course of business.............................................................................9.03
Indemnified Liabilities.....................................................................................6.05(a)
Indemnified Parties.........................................................................................6.05(a)
Indemnified Party...........................................................................................6.05(a)
Intellectual Property.......................................................................................3.19(a)
IRS.........................................................................................................3.08(e)
Judgment....................................................................................................3.04(a)
Law.........................................................................................................3.04(a)
Licensed Software...........................................................................................3.20(a)
Liens.......................................................................................................3.04(a)
Material Contracts..........................................................................................3.15(b)
Material Representations....................................................................................7.02(a)
Merger.....................................................................................................Recitals
Merger Consideration....................................................................................2.01(c)(ii)
Ohio Law.......................................................................................................1.01
Option Agreement...........................................................................................Recitals
Owned Software..............................................................................................3.20(a)
Parent.....................................................................................................Preamble
Parent Benefit Plan............................................................................................6.08
Parent Material Adverse Effect..............................................................................4.04(a)
Paying Agent................................................................................................2.02(a)
Permits.....................................................................................................3.13(b)
person.........................................................................................................9.03
Proxy Statement.............................................................................................3.04(b)
Representatives.............................................................................................5.02(a)
Restraint...................................................................................................8.01(b)
Rights Agent................................................................................................3.02(a)
SEC.........................................................................................................3.04(b)
Securities Act..............................................................................................3.05(a)
Software....................................................................................................3.20(a)
Sub........................................................................................................Preamble
Subsidiary.....................................................................................................3.01
Superior Company Proposal...................................................................................5.02(c)
Surviving Corporation..........................................................................................1.01
Tax Return..................................................................................................3.08(k)
Taxes.......................................................................................................3.08(k)
Termination Fee.............................................................................................6.06(b)
Transactions................................................................................................3.03(a)
Voting Agreement...........................................................................................Recitals
Warrants....................................................................................................3.02(a)
Year 2000 Compliant.........................................................................................3.20(g)

                                       v

         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER dated as of May 23, 2001 (this
"Agreement") among ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), EMERALD ACQUISITION CORPORATION I, an Ohio corporation and a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH
CORPORATION, an Ohio corporation (the "Company").

         WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Sub and the
Company have approved and determined to be in the best interests of their
respective stockholders the merger of Sub with and into the Company (the
"Merger") upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into
this Agreement, the Company and Parent are entering into a Stock Option
Agreement dated as of the date hereof in the form attached as EXHIBIT A (the
"Option Agreement");

         WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into
this Agreement, Parent and certain stockholders of the Company are entering into
a voting agreement (the "Voting Agreement"), pursuant to which, among other
things, such stockholders have agreed to vote their shares of Company Common
Stock (as hereinafter defined) in favor of the approval of this Agreement and
the Merger; and

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the
representations, warranties, covenants and other terms contained in this
Agreement, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as
follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

         Section 1.01. The Merger.
                       -----------

         On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement,
and in accordance with Title 17 of the Ohio Revised Code (the "Ohio Law"), Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company at the Effective Time. At the
Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the
Company shall continue as the surviving corporation (as such, the "Surviving
Corporation") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

         Section 1.02. Closing.
                       --------

         Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have been abandoned pursuant to ARTICLE VIII, and
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in
ARTICLE VII, the closing (the "Closing") of the Merger shall take place at

                                      B-1

the offices of Baker Botts L.L.P., 2001 Ross Avenue, Dallas, Texas 75201 at
10:00 a.m. on the second business day following the satisfaction (or, to the
extent permitted by Law, waiver) of the conditions set forth in SECTION 7.01
(other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the fulfillment or, to the extent permitted by Law,
waiver of those conditions), or at such other place, time and date as shall be
agreed in writing between Parent and the Company. The date on which the Closing
occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the "Closing Date."

         Section 1.03. Effective Time.
                       ---------------

         Prior to the Closing, the Company shall prepare, and on the Closing
Date the Company shall file with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio, a
certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") executed in accordance with
the relevant provisions of the Ohio Law and shall make all other filings or
recordings required under the Ohio Law. The Merger shall become effective at
such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with such Secretary of
State or at such other time as Parent and the Company shall agree and specify in
the Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger becomes effective being the
"Effective Time").

         Section 1.04. Effects.
                       --------

         The Merger shall have the effects set forth in ss.1701.82 of the Ohio
Law.

         Section 1.05. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.
                       -------------------------------------

                  (a) The Articles of Incorporation of Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be amended at the Effective Time
to change the corporate name set forth therein to "Structural Dynamics Research
Corporation" and, as so amended, shall be the Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended in accordance with the
provisions thereof and applicable Law.

                  (b) The Code of Regulations of Sub as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the Code of Regulations of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter changed or amended in accordance with the
provisions thereof and the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation and applicable Law.

         Section 1.06. Directors.
                       ----------

         The directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the directors of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.

                                      B-2

         Section 1.07. Officers.
                       ---------

         The officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.

                                   ARTICLE II

                       EFFECT ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE
               CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

         Section 2.01. Effect On Capital Stock.
                       ------------------------

         At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of the holder of any shares of capital stock of the Company or Sub:

                  (a) CAPITAL STOCK OF SUB. Each issued and outstanding share of
capital stock of Sub shall be converted into and become one fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Surviving
Corporation.

                  (b) CANCELLATION OF TREASURY STOCK AND PARENT-OWNED STOCK.
Each share of Class A Common Stock, no par value, of the Company, including the
associated Company Rights (the "Company Common Stock") issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time that is owned by the Company, Parent or
Sub shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and no cash or other consideration shall be
delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor.

                  (c) CONVERSION OF COMPANY COMMON STOCK.

                        (i) Subject to SECTIONS 2.01(b) and 2.01(d), each issued
            and outstanding share of Company Common Stock shall be converted
            into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $25, without
            interest, less any required withholding taxes, upon surrender and
            exchange of the Certificate representing such share.

                        (ii) The cash payable upon the conversion of a share of
            Company Common Stock pursuant to this SECTION 2.01(c) is referred to
            as the "Merger Consideration." As of the Effective Time, all such
            shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and
            shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to
            exist, and each holder of a Certificate representing any such shares
            of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect
            thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
            without interest, less any required withholding taxes, upon
            surrender of such Certificate in accordance with SECTION 2.02.

                                      B-3

         (d) APPRAISAL RIGHTS. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, shares ("Dissent Shares") of Company Common Stock that are outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time and that are held by any person who is
entitled to dissent from and properly dissents from this Agreement pursuant to,
and who complies in all respects with, ss.1701.85 of the Ohio Law, in each case
to the extent applicable (the "Appraisal Statute"), shall not be converted into
a right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in SECTION 2.01(c), but
rather the holders of Dissent Shares shall be entitled to the right to receive
payment of the appraised value of such Dissent Shares in accordance with the
Appraisal Statute; provided, however, that if any such holder shall fail to
perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to receive payment
of the appraised value under the Appraisal Statute, then the right of such
holder to be paid the appraised value of such holder's Dissent Shares shall
cease and such Dissent Shares shall be deemed to have been converted as of the
Effective Time into, and to have become exchangeable solely for, the right to
receive the Merger Consideration, without interest, as provided in SECTION
2.01(c). The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent of any objections or
demands received by the Company for appraisal of Company Common Stock pursuant
to the Appraisal Statute, and Parent shall have the right to direct all
negotiations and proceedings with respect to such objections or demands. Neither
the Company nor the Surviving Corporation shall, without the prior written
consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to
settle, any such objections or demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing.

         Section 2.02. Exchange of Certificates.
                       -------------------------

         (a) PAYING AGENT. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall select a
bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as paying
agent (the "Paying Agent") for the payment of the Merger Consideration upon
surrender of Certificates. The Surviving Corporation shall, and Parent shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, provide to the Paying Agent on a timely
basis, as and when needed after the Effective Time, cash necessary to pay for
the shares of Company Common Stock converted into the right to receive the
Merger Consideration pursuant to SECTION 2.01(c) (such cash being hereinafter
referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). The expenses of the Paying Agent shall not
be paid from the Exchange Fund, but shall be paid directly by the Surviving
Corporation.

         (b) EXCHANGE PROCEDURE. As soon as reasonably practicable after the
Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of
record of a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates") that immediately
prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock whose shares were converted into the right to receive the Merger
Consideration pursuant to SECTION 2.01(c), (i) a letter of transmittal (which
shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Paying
Agent and shall be in such form and have such other provisions as Parent may
reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of
the Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a
Certificate for cancellation to the Paying Agent or to such other agent or
agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of transmittal,
duly executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required

                                      B-4

pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor cash in an amount equal to the product of (A)
the number of shares of Company Common Stock theretofore represented by such
Certificate and (B) the Merger Consideration, and the Certificate so surrendered
shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company
Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of the Company,
payment may be made to a person other than the person in whose name the
Certificate so surrendered is registered, if such Certificate shall be properly
endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for transfer and the person requesting
such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
payment to a person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or
establish to the satisfaction of Parent that such tax has been paid or is not
applicable. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on the cash payable upon
surrender of any Certificate.

         (c) NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN COMPANY COMMON STOCK; TRANSFER
BOOKS. The Merger Consideration paid in accordance with the terms of this
ARTICLE II upon conversion of any shares of Company Common Stock shall be deemed
to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares
of Company Common Stock, subject, however, to the Surviving Corporation's
obligation to pay any dividends or make any other distributions with a record
date prior to the Effective Time that may have been declared or made by the
Company on such shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and which remain unpaid at the Effective Time, and after the
Effective Time there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock
transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock
that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the
Effective Time, any Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or
the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as
provided in this ARTICLE II.

         (d) TERMINATION OF EXCHANGE FUND. Any portion of the Exchange Fund
(including any interest or other income received by the Paying Agent in respect
thereof that has not previously been distributed pursuant to SECTION 2.02(f))
that remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock for 180 days
after the Effective Time shall be delivered to the Surviving Corporation, upon
demand, and any holder of Company Common Stock who has not theretofore complied
with this ARTICLE II shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation for
payment of such holder's claim for the Merger Consideration.

         (e) NO LIABILITY. None of Parent, Sub, the Company, the Surviving
Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any person in respect of any
payments or distributions payable from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.
If any Certificate has not been surrendered prior to five years after the
Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which the Merger
Consideration in respect of such Certificate would otherwise escheat to or
become the property of any Governmental Entity), any amounts payable in respect
of such Certificate shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the
property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interests
of any person previously entitled thereto.

                                      B-5

         (f) INVESTMENT OF EXCHANGE FUND. The Paying Agent shall invest any cash
included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by the Surviving Corporation, on a
daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting from such investments shall
be payable to the Surviving Corporation on demand.

         (g) WITHHOLDING RIGHTS. Parent, Sub or the Surviving Corporation shall
be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause the Paying Agent to deduct and
withhold, from the consideration otherwise payable to any holder of Company
Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, such amounts as may be required to be
deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or under any provision
of state, local or foreign tax Law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted
and withheld by Parent, Sub or the Surviving Corporation, such deducted and
withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the holder of the shares of Company Common Stock in respect of
which such deduction and withholding was made by Parent, Sub or the Surviving
Corporation.

         (h) LOST CERTIFICATES. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen
or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person
claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by
the Surviving Corporation, the posting by such person of a bond, in such
reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct, as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against Parent or the Surviving Corporation with
respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent will pay, in exchange for such
lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, the Merger Consideration to be paid in
respect of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate,
as contemplated by this ARTICLE II.

                                  ARTICLE III

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

         The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Sub as follows:

         Section 3.01. Organization, Standing and Power.
                       ---------------------------------

         Each of the Company and the Company's Subsidiaries is a corporation,
partnership or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing (with respect to the jurisdictions that recognize the concept of
good standing) under the laws of the state of its incorporation or organization
and has all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to enable it to
own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its
business as currently conducted. Each of the Company and the Company's
Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business in each jurisdiction where the
nature of its business or its ownership or leasing of its properties make such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to so qualify, individually or
in the aggregate, has not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has delivered to Parent true,
correct and complete copies of the articles of incorporation of the Company, as
amended to the date of this Agreement (as so amended, the "Company Charter"),

                                      B-6

and the Code of Regulations of the Company, as amended to the date of this
Agreement (as so amended, the "Company Bylaws"). The Company Charter and the
Company Bylaws are in full force and effect. The Company is not in violation of
any provision of the Company Charter or the Company Bylaws. All Subsidiaries of
the Company and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation are identified
in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000
or in SECTION 3.01 of the letter dated as of the date of this Agreement from the
Company to Parent and Sub (the "Company Disclosure Letter").

         Section 3.02. Capital Structure.
                       ------------------

         The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock. At the close of business on May 22, 2001, (i)
35,930,666 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii)
3,831,794 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its
treasury, (iii) 8,702,902 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to
issuance upon exercise of outstanding Company Stock Options under the Company
Stock Plans, (iv) 412 shares of Company Common Stock were subject to issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants at a weighted average exercise price of
$12.13 per share (the "Warrants"), (v) 1,053,349 additional shares of Company
Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company Stock Plans and
(vi) 35,763 shares outstanding under the Structural Dynamics Research
Corporation Stock Purchase Plan, and (vii) one common share purchase right (a
"Company Right") for each share of Common Stock outstanding was issued and
outstanding in accordance with that certain Rights Agreement (the "Company
Rights Agreement"), dated as of August 10, 1998, between the Company and Harris
Trust and Savings Bank, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent"), and one-half of a
share of Company Common Stock was reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise
of each Company Right. Except as set forth above and except for changes since
May 22, 2001 resulting from the exercise of stock options outstanding on such
date or the issuance of Company Common Stock under the Structural Dynamics
Research Corporation Stock Purchase Plan, at the close of business on the date
of this Agreement, no shares of capital stock or other voting securities of the
Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. All outstanding
shares of Company capital stock are, and all such shares that may be issued
prior to the Effective Time will be when issued, duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to or issued in violation
of any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right,
subscription right or any similar right under any provision of the Ohio Law, the
Company Charter, the Company Bylaws or any contract, lease, license, indenture,
note, bond, agreement, permit, concession, franchise or other instrument (a
"Contract") to which the Company is a party or otherwise bound. Neither Parent
nor Sub nor any of its "Affiliates" or "Associates" is or will become an
"Acquiring Person" (each as defined in the Company Rights Agreement) by reason
of this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger or any of the other
Transactions, and neither a "Distribution Date" nor a "Stock Acquisition Date"
(as defined in the Company Rights Agreement) will occur by reason of this
Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger or any of the other Transactions.
Except as set forth above and on SECTION 3.02 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Subsidiaries of the Company are
owned by the Company or a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company, free and clear of all liens, charges, encumbrances, claims and options
of any nature.

                                      B-7

Except as set forth above and on SECTION 3.02 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
as of the date of this Agreement, there are not any options, warrants, calls,
rights, convertible or exchangeable securities, units, commitments, Contracts,
arrangements or undertakings to which the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company
is a party or by which the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is bound (x)
obligating the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company to issue, deliver or sell,
or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or
other equity interests in, or any security convertible or exercisable for or
exchangeable into any capital stock of or other equity interest in, the Company
or a Subsidiary of the Company or (y) obligating the Company or a Subsidiary of
the Company to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant,
call, right, security, unit, commitment, Contract, arrangement or undertaking.
As of the date of this Agreement, there are not any outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company, except as to unvested shares of Company Common Stock
repurchasable by the Company, at the purchase price paid per share, upon the
termination of service of the holders of those shares pursuant to the terms of
the Company Stock Option Plans. Except as contemplated in connection with the
execution of this Agreement, there are no shareholder agreements, voting trusts
or other agreements or understandings to which the Company or a Subsidiary of
the Company is a party or to which it is bound relating to the holding, voting
or disposition of any shares of capital stock of the Company or a Subsidiary of
the Company.

         Section 3.03. Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.
                       --------------------------------------------------

            (a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to
execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the Option Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (the
"Transactions"). The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the Option Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the
Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and
stockholder action on the part of the Company, subject to receipt of the Company
Stockholder Approval required by applicable Law. The Company has duly executed
and delivered this Agreement and the Option Agreement, and assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Option Agreement
by Parent and Sub, each of this Agreement and the Option Agreement constitutes
its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with its terms, except as that enforceability may be limited by any
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws
affecting the enforcement of creditor's rights generally and the application of
general principles of equity (regardless of whether that enforceability is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). The affirmative vote of the
holders of 66-2/3% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the
"Company Stockholder Approval") is the only vote of any class or series of the
Company's capital stock required to approve the Merger, adopt this Agreement and
consummate the Transactions.

            (b) The Company Board has duly adopted resolutions, in each case by
a unanimous vote of all members of the Company Board, (i) approving and
declaring the advisability of this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger
and the other Transactions in accordance with

                                      B-8

the applicable provisions of the Ohio Law, (ii) determining that the terms of
the Merger and the other Transactions are fair to and in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders and (iii) recommending that the holders of
Company Common Stock approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger. Such
resolutions are sufficient to render inapplicable to Parent and Sub, and this
Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions the
provisions of Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Law. No other state takeover statute or
similar statute or regulation applies or purports to apply to the Company with
respect to this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger or any other
Transaction.

         Section 3.04. No Conflicts; Consents.
                       -----------------------

            (a) Except as set forth in SECTION 3.04 of the Company Disclosure
Letter, the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement
and the Option Agreement do not, and the consummation of the Merger and the
other Transactions and compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the
Option Agreement will not, (i) conflict with or result in any violation of any
provision of the Company Charter or the Company Bylaws, (ii) subject to the
filings and other matters referred to in SECTION 3.04(b), conflict with, or
result in any violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time,
or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any obligation or to loss of a material benefit under, or to
increased, additional, accelerated or guaranteed rights or entitlements of any
person under, or result in the creation of any pledge, lien, charge, mortgage,
encumbrance or security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively,
"Liens") upon any of the properties or assets of the Company under, or require
the consent of any person under, any provision of any Contract to which the
Company is a party or by which any of its properties or assets is bound or
affected or (iii) subject to the filings and other matters referred to in
SECTION 3.04(b), conflict with or result in any violation of any domestic or, to
the Company's Foreign Knowledge, foreign judgment, verdict, jury award,
injunction, order or decree ("Judgment") or domestic or, to the Company's
Foreign Knowledge, foreign statute, law (including common law), ordinance, rule
or regulation ("Law") applicable to the Company or its properties or assets,
except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such matters as,
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

            (b) No consent, approval, license, permit, order or authorization
("Consent") of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, or
Permit from, any federal, state, local or, to the Company's Foreign Knowledge,
foreign government or any court of competent jurisdiction, administrative agency
or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or,
to the Company's Foreign Knowledge, foreign (a "Governmental Entity") is
required to be obtained or made by or with respect to the Company in connection
with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the Option
Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions, other
than (i) the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") of
(A) a proxy statement relating to the Company Stockholder Approval (the "Proxy
Statement") and (B) such reports under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as may be required in connection with
this Agreement, the Option Agreement, Merger and the other Transactions, (ii)
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the

                                      B-9

Secretary of State of the State of Ohio and appropriate documents with the
relevant authorities of the other jurisdictions in which the Company is
qualified to do business, (iii) such filings as may be required in connection
with the Taxes described in SECTION 6.08, (iv) the filing of a premerger
notification report under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended (the "HSR Act") and the expiration or termination of the
applicable waiting period thereunder, (v) filings under state securities Laws,
(vi) to the Company's Foreign Knowledge, such filings and approvals as may be
required by any foreign premerger notification, securities, corporate or other
Law and (vii) such other items as, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

         Section 3.05. SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.
                       ---------------------------------------

            (a) The Company has timely filed all required reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents with the SEC relating to periods
commencing on or after December 31, 1998 (such reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents being hereinafter referred to as the "Company SEC
Documents"). Except as set forth on SECTION 3.05(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, as of their respective dates, the Company SEC Documents complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), as the case may be, and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such
Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents as of such dates
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included in
the Company SEC Documents comply as to form in all material respects with
applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of
the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") (except, in the
case of unaudited quarterly statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC)
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may
otherwise be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all material
respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the
results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in
the case of unaudited quarterly statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments).

            (b) Except as set forth in the most recent financial statements
included in the Filed Company SEC Documents (as defined in Section 3.07) and as
set forth on SECTION 3.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has
no liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute,
contingent or otherwise) which would be required to be reflected in the
Company's financial statements, and there is no existing condition, situation or
set of circumstances that would reasonably be expected to result in such a
liability or obligation (including any claims, whether or not asserted, for
royalty payments), that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

                                      B-10

         Section 3.06. Information Supplied.
                       ---------------------

         Subject to Parent's and Sub's fulfillment of their obligations with
respect thereto, the Proxy Statement will contain (or will be amended in a
timely manner so as to contain) all information which is required to be included
therein in accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder and any other applicable Law and will conform in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and any other applicable Law;
and the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) will not, at
the respective times they are filed with the SEC or published, sent or given to
the Company's stockholders, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading or, at the time of the Company Stockholders
Meeting, omit to state any material fact necessary to correct any statement in
any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the
Company Stockholders Meeting which shall have become false or misleading in any
material respect in light of the circumstances under which made. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no representation or warranty is hereby made by the Company with
respect to any information supplied by Parent or Sub in writing for inclusion
in, or with respect to Parent or Sub information derived from Parent's public
SEC filings which is included or incorporated by reference in the Proxy
Statement.

         Section 3.07. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
                       -------------------------------------

         Except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents filed and publicly
available prior to the date of this Agreement (the "Filed Company SEC
Documents") or in SECTION 3.07 of the Company Disclosure Letter, since December
31, 2000, the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of
business, and there has not been:

            (a) any event, change, occurrence, effect or development that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

            (b) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
other distribution (whether in cash, stock, property or otherwise) with respect
to any Company capital stock or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition
by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of any capital stock or other
equity securities of, or other ownership interests in, the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company, except as to unvested shares of Company Common Stock
repurchasable by the Company, at the purchase price paid per share, upon the
termination of service of the holders of those shares pursuant to the Company
Stock Option Plans;

            (c) any split, combination or reclassification of any Company
capital stock or any issuance of or the authorization of any issuance of any
other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of
Company capital stock;

            (d) (i) any grant by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to
any director, officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company of any increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits, except, with
respect to employees who are not officers and

                                      B-11

directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, normal increases in the
ordinary course of business or in connection with the hiring or promotion of any
such employee, (ii) any grant by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to
any such director, officer or employee of any increase in severance, change of
control or termination pay benefits, or (iii) any entry by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company into, or any amendment of, any employment, consulting,
deferred compensation, indemnification, severance, change of control or
termination agreement or arrangement with any such director, officer or
employee, except, with respect to employees that are not officers and directors
of the Company, in the ordinary course of business;

            (e) any change in accounting methods, principles or practices by the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, except for such changes as may have
been required by a change in GAAP;

            (f) any (i) material elections with respect to Taxes by the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) settlement or compromise by the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company of any material Tax liability or refund or
(iii) assessment of a material Tax against the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company by any Governmental Entity;

            (g) any amendment of any term of any outstanding security of the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company that would materially increase the
obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company under such security;

            (h) any incurrence, assumption or guarantee by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company of any indebtedness for borrowed money, other than in
the ordinary course of business;

            (i) any creation or assumption by the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company of any material Lien on any material asset of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company, other than in the ordinary course of business;

            (j) any making of any loan, advance or capital contribution to or
investment in any person by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company other
than (i) in connection with any acquisition or capital expenditure permitted by
SECTION 5.01, or (ii) loans or advances to employees of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company made in the ordinary course of business and (iii)
transactions between the Company and one or more of its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries;

            (k) (i) any acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity
interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner,
any business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, association or
other business organization or division thereof or any acquisition by the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of any assets (other than inventory)
that are material to the Company, (ii) any sale, lease, license, encumbrance or
other disposition of material assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, other than sales of products to customers in the ordinary course of
business, (iii) any incurrence of capital expenditures by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company other than in the ordinary course of business, or (iv)
any modification,

                                      B-12

amendment, assignment, termination or relinquishment by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company of any Contract, license or other right that,
individually or in the aggregate with all such modifications, amendments,
assignments, terminations and relinquishments, would reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

            (l) any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by
insurance) with respect to any assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

            (m) any entry by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company into
any commitment or transaction material to the Company (other than commitments or
transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business);

            (n) as of the date hereof, any revaluation by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company of any of its material assets, including but not
limited to writing down the value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts
receivable other than in the ordinary course of business; or

            (o) any agreement, commitment or undertaking to take any action
referred to in SECTIONS 3.07(a) through 3.07(n).

         Section 3.08. Taxes.
                       ------

            (a) Each of the Company, each of its Subsidiaries and any
affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group of which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or was a member has (i) duly filed on a
timely basis (taking into account any extensions) all Tax Returns (as
hereinafter defined) required to be filed or sent by or with respect to it other
than Tax Returns that would report immaterial Tax liability and as to which the
failure to file would not itself give rise to material Tax liability or penalty,
and all such Tax Returns are complete and accurate in all material respects,
(ii) duly paid or deposited on a timely basis all material Taxes (as hereinafter
defined) that are shown to be due and payable on or with respect to such Tax
Returns, and all material Taxes that are otherwise due and payable (except for
audit adjustments not material in the aggregate or to the extent that liability
therefor is reserved for in the Company's most recent audited financial
statements) for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be liable,
(iii) established reserves that are adequate for the payment of all material
Taxes not yet due and payable with respect to the results of operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries through the date hereof, and (iv) complied in all
material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to
the reporting, payment and withholding of material Taxes that are required to be
withheld from payments to employees, independent contractors, creditors,
shareholders or any other third party;

            (b) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.08(b) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, no audits or other administrative proceedings or court proceedings are
presently pending, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened, with regard to
any Taxes for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would be liable in an
amount reasonably expected to exceed $100,000, and no material deficiency (to
the extent remaining unsatisfied) for any Taxes has been proposed, asserted or

                                      B-13

assessed in writing (whether by examination report or prior to completion of
examination by means of notices of proposed adjustment or other similar written
requests or notices) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by any
taxing authority with respect to any period;

                  (c) Except as set forth in SCHEDULE 3.08 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
an agreement that provides for the payment of any amount that would constitute a
"parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code or that would
constitute compensation whose deductibility is limited under Section 162(m) of
the Code;

                  (d) To the knowledge of the Company, no material reassessments
(for property or ad valorem Tax purposes) of any material assets or any material
property owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been
proposed in writing by any taxing authority;

                  (e) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.08(e) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to
make any adjustment pursuant to section 481(a) of the Code (or any predecessor
provision) by reason of any change in any accounting method of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
any application pending with any taxing authority requesting permission for any
material changes in any accounting method of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Internal Revenue
Service ("IRS") nor any other taxing authority has proposed in writing, and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is otherwise required to make,
any such material adjustment or change in accounting method;

                  (f) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.08(f) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company, nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any member of its affiliated group that joins in the consolidated federal income
tax return (i) has been a member of any other affiliated group that filed a
consolidated federal income tax return or (ii) has assumed, or agreed to
indemnify against, the liability for Taxes of any person other than a person
that is a present or former member (or predecessor of such a member in the case
of the acquisition of such predecessor by such member) of the affiliated group
of which the Company is the common parent;

                  (g) No material assets of any Subsidiaries which are "foreign
corporations" within the meaning of the Code are, or at any time within the past
five years have been, located within the United States or utilized in connection
with the conduct of a United States trade or business within the meaning of
Section 864 of the Code;

                  (h) No closing agreement or agreements pursuant to Section
7121 of the Code or any similar provision of any state, local or foreign law has
been entered into by or with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary which
requires the Company or any Subsidiary to include any item of income in, or
exclude any item of deduction from, any Tax Return which is due after the
Effective Time;

                                      B-14

                  (i) As of the date hereof, the Company has not requested any
rulings from any taxing authority, and there are no outstanding subpoenas or
unsatisfied written requests from any taxing authority for information with
respect to Taxes of the Company or any Subsidiary;

                  (j) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.08(j) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, there are no outstanding agreements or waivers that would
extend the statutory period in which a taxing authority may assess or collect a
material amount of Tax against the Company or any Subsidiary;

                  (k) None of the Subsidiaries currently has, or will have as of
the Effective Time, any overall foreign loss accounts or separate limitation
loss accounts within the meaning of Section 904 of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations thereunder; and

                  (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any
representation or warranty made in this Section 3.08 insofar as it applies to
the Specified Countries, is qualified by the Company's Foreign Knowledge.

                  For purposes of this Agreement, "Tax" (and, with correlative
meaning, "Taxes") means any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign net income,
alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad
valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding,
payroll, employment, excise, production, severance, stamp, occupation, premium,
property, environmental or windfall profit tax, custom, duty or other tax,
governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest and/or any penalty, addition to tax or additional
amount imposed by any taxing authority.

                  "Tax Return" (and with correlative meaning, "Tax Returns")
means all returns, declarations, reports, estimates, information returns and
statements relating to Taxes, including any schedule or attachment thereto, and
including any amendment thereto.

         Section 3.09. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities.
                       ------------------------------------

         Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or as set forth
in SECTION 3.09 of the Company Disclosure Letter, as of the date hereof, there
are no liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any kind
whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or
otherwise, that individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, other than: (i) liabilities
adequately provided for on the balance sheet of the Company dated as of March
31, 2001 (including the notes thereto) contained in the Company's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 and (ii) liabilities
under this Agreement.

         Section 3.10. Pension and Benefit Plans; ERISA.
                       ---------------------------------

         (a) SCHEDULE 3.10(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true
and complete list of each "employee pension benefit plan" (as defined in Section
3(2) of the Employee

                                      B-15

Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) (hereinafter a
"Company Pension Plan"), "employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section
3(l) of ERISA), stock option, stock purchase, restricted stock, phantom stock or
other equity-based incentive plan, deferred compensation plan or arrangement,
and other employee fringe benefit plan or arrangement maintained, contributed to
or required to be maintained or contributed to by the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any other person or entity that, together with the Company, is
treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code
(each a "Company ERISA Affiliate") for the benefit of any present or former
officers, employees, directors or independent contractors of the Company or any
the Company ERISA Affiliate (all the foregoing being herein referred
collectively as "Company Employee Benefit Plans"). The Company has made
available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of (1) each of the Company
Employee Benefit Plans and amendments thereto, (2) the three most recent annual
reports on Form 5500 filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to
each of the Company Employee Benefit Plans (if any such report was required by
applicable law), (3) the most recent summary plan description and any summaries
of material modification for each of the Company Employee Benefit Plans for
which such a summary plan description is required by applicable law and (4) each
trust agreement and insurance or annuity contract relating to the Company
Employee Benefit Plans.

         (b) Each Company Employee Benefit Plan has been administered in all
material respects with its terms. The Company, the Company ERISA Affiliates and
all Company Employee Benefit Plans are in material compliance with the
applicable provisions of ERISA,the Code and all applicable state laws. Except as
disclosed in SECTION 3.10(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter and except for
those instances to the contrary which will not, either individually or in the
aggregate, be material, all reports, returns, notices and similar documents with
respect to the Company Employee Benefit Plans required to be filed with any
governmental agency or distributed to any Company Employee Benefit Plan
participant have been duly, timely and accurately filed or distributed. Except
as disclosed in SECTION 3.10(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no
termination proceedings or, to the knowledge of the Company, investigations by
any governmental agency or other claims (except claims for benefits payable in
the normal operation of Company Employee Benefit Plans), suits or proceedings
against or involving any of the Company Employee Benefit Plans or asserting any
rights or claims to benefits under any of the Company Employee Benefits Plans
that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any material liability, and
there are not any facts to the Company's knowledge that would reasonably be
expected to give rise to any material liability in the event of any such
investigation, claim, suit or proceeding. To the Company's knowledge, no
prohibited transactions (as defined in ERISA Section 406 or Code Section 4975)
and no violations of ERISA Section 407 for which an applicable statutory or
administrative exemption does not exist and for which the Company or any Company
ERISA Affiliate would reasonably be expected to be subject to any liability have
occurred with respect to any Company Employee Benefit Plans.

         (c) Except as disclosed in SECTION 3.10(c) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, none of the Company Pension Plans is subject to Title IV of ERISA and
none of the Company or any

                                      B-16

Company ERISA Affiliate has maintained or been required to contribute to a plan
that is subject to Title IV of ERISA during the past six years.

         (d) Except as disclosed in SECTION 3.10(d) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, each Company Pension Plan intended to be qualified has been the subject
of a determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that
such Company Pension Plan is qualified and exempt from Federal income taxes
under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code; no such
determination letter has been revoked, and, to the knowledge of the Company,
revocation has not been threatened; and since the effective date of its most
recent determination letter such Company Pension Plan has been timely amended if
and to the extent necessary to remain so qualified and has not been amended in
any respect that might adversely affect its qualification or materially increase
its cost. The Company has made available to Parent a copy of the most recent
determination letter received from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to
each the Company Pension Plan for which such a letter has been issued, as well
as a copy of any pending application for a determination letter.

         (e) Except as disclosed on SECTION 3.10(e) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will, alone or together
with other events, (i) result in any material payment becoming due to any
employee or group of employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii)
materially increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Company Employee
Benefit Plan or Company Pension Plan or (iii) except as otherwise provided in
SECTION 6.04 of this Agreement, result in the acceleration of the time of
payment or vesting of any such benefits. Except as disclosed on SECTION 3.10(e)
of the Company Disclosure Letter or in the Filed Company SEC Documents, there
are no severance agreements or employment agreements between the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries and any employee of the Company or such Subsidiary except as
otherwise provided in Section 6.04 of this Agreement. True and correct copies of
all such severance agreements and employment agreements have been made available
to Parent. Except as set forth on SECTION 3.10(e) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any consulting
agreement or arrangement with any natural person involving compensation in
excess of $200,000 except as are terminable upon one month's notice or less.

         (f) Except as disclosed on SECTION 3.10(f) of the Company Disclosure
Letter and except for the securities issued or issuable under the Company Stock
Plans, no stock or other security issued by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries forms or has formed a material part of the assets of any the
Company Employee Benefit Plan or the Company Pension Plan.

         (g) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.10(g) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, with respect to each Company Employee Benefit Plan that is not subject
to United States law (a "Foreign Benefit Plan"), to the Company's Foreign
Knowledge: (i) all employer and employee contributions to each Foreign Benefit
Plan required by law or by the terms of such Foreign Benefit Plan have been
made, or, if applicable, accrued in accordance with normal accounting practices
and a pro rata contribution for the period prior to and including the Effective
Time has been made or accrued; (ii)

                                      B-17

the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Benefit Plan, the
liability of each insurer for any Foreign Benefit Plan funded through insurance
or the book reserve established for any Foreign Benefit Plan, together with any
accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the benefits
determined on any ongoing basis (actual or contingent) accrued to the Effective
Time with respect to all current and former participants under such Foreign
Benefit Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently
used to determine employer contributions to such Foreign Benefit Plan, and none
of the Transactions shall cause such assets or insurance obligations to be less
than such benefit obligations; and (iii) each Foreign Benefit Plan required to
be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with
applicable regulatory authorities. To the Company's Foreign Knowledge, each
Foreign Benefit Plan is now and always has been operated in material compliance
with all applicable non-United States laws.

                  (h) No Company Employee Benefit Plan provides, nor does the
Company, or any Company ERISA Affiliate have an obligation to provide, medical,
life or other welfare benefits (whether or not insured) with respect to current
or former employees after retirement or other termination of service, other than
as required pursuant to Section 4980B of the Code.

         SECTION 3.11. LABOR MATTERS. Except as set forth on SECTION 3.11 of the
Company Disclosure Letter or in the Filed Company SEC Documents:

                  (a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor agreement with any labor
union or organization, and to the Company's knowledge, currently there is no
current union that claims to represent employees of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, nor does the Company know of any activity or proceeding of any
labor organization (or representative thereof) or employee group (or
representative thereof) to organize any such employees;

                  (b) There is no unfair labor practice charge or grievance
arising out of a collective bargaining agreement or other grievance procedure
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending, or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened, that, individually or in the aggregate, has or would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

                  (c) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.11(c) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, there is no complaint, lawsuit or proceeding in any forum by
or on behalf of any present or former employee, any applicant for employment or
any classes of the foregoing alleging breach of any express or implied contract
of employment, any law or regulation governing employment or the termination
thereof or other discriminatory, wrongful or tortious conduct in connection with
the employment relationship against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, that, individually or
in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect;

                  (d) There is no strike, dispute, slowdown, work stoppage or
lockout pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or
involving the Company or any of its

                                      B-18

Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

                  (e) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with all applicable laws respecting employment and employment practices, terms
and conditions of employment, wages, hours of work and occupational safety and
health, except for non-compliance that, individually or in the aggregate, does
not have and would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect; and

                  (f) As of the date hereof, there is no proceeding, claim,
suit, action or governmental investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened, in respect to which any current or former director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may
be entitled to claim indemnification from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pursuant to the Company Charter or Company Bylaws or any provision of the
comparable charter or organizational documents of any of its Subsidiaries, as
provided in any indemnification agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary
of the Company is a party or pursuant to applicable Law that, individually or in
the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

         Section 3.12. Litigation.
                       -----------

         Except as set forth on SECTION 3.12 of the Company Disclosure Letter,
there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending against, or to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting, the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company or any of their respective properties or any Company
Employee Benefit Plan before any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Entity
(and the Company is not aware of any basis for any such suit, action, proceeding
or investigation) that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, there
are no suits, claims, actions, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened, seeking to prevent, hinder, modify or
challenge the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary of the Company is subject to any outstanding Judgment against
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or naming the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company as a party that, individually or in the aggregate,
would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

         Section 3.13. Compliance With Applicable Laws.
                       --------------------------------

                  (a) Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or
on SECTION 3.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and its
Subsidiaries, and their operations are being conducted in compliance with all
applicable Laws, except for such failures to comply as, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Except as set forth in the Filed Company SEC Documents or on SECTION
3.13 of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of
the Company has received any written

                                      B-19

notice during the two years prior to the date hereof: (i) of any administrative,
civil or criminal investigation or audit (other than Tax audits) by any
Governmental Entity relating to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or
(ii) from any Governmental Entity alleging that the Company or any Subsidiary of
the Company is not in compliance in any material respect with any applicable
Law.

                  (b) The Company and its Subsidiaries have in effect all
approvals, authorizations, certificates, filings, franchises, licenses, notices,
permits and rights of or with all Governmental Entities ("Permits") necessary
for them to own, lease or otherwise hold and to operate their properties and
assets and to carry on their business and operations as now conducted, except
for the Permits, the absence of which, individually or in the aggregate, has not
had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. There have occurred no defaults under, or violations of, any such
Permit, except for such defaults and violations that, individually and in the
aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. The Merger would not, in and of itself, cause the
revocation or cancellation of any such Permit that, individually or in the
aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

         Section 3.14. Environmental Matters.
                       ----------------------

         Except disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or SECTION 3.14 of
the Company Disclosure Letter, (i) the operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries have been and are in material compliance with all Environmental
Laws (as defined below), and possess and are in material compliance with all
permits, licenses and other authorizations required by Environmental Laws, (ii)
there are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, actions,
notices of violation or investigations under or pursuant to Environmental Laws
against the Company or its Subsidiaries or involving any real property currently
or, to the knowledge of the Company, formerly owned, operated or leased by the
Company or its Subsidiaries, or for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
has assumed responsibility for environmental claims, (iii) the Company and its
Subsidiaries are not subject to any Environmental Liabilities (as defined
below), and, to the knowledge of the Company, no facts, circumstances or
conditions relating to, arising from, associated with or attributable to any
real property currently or, to the knowledge of the Company, formerly owned,
operated or leased by the Company or its Subsidiaries, or for which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has assumed responsibility for environmental claims,
or operations thereon would reasonably be expected to result in material
Environmental Liabilities, (iv) all real property owned and to the knowledge of
the Company, all real property operated or leased by the Company or its
Subsidiaries is free of contamination from Hazardous Material (as defined below)
that would have an adverse effect on human health or the environment or require
remediation under Environmental Laws and (v) there is not now, nor, to the
knowledge of the Company, has there been in the past, on, in or under any real
property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its predecessors any
(A) underground storage tanks regulated pursuant to 40 C.F.R. Part 280 or
delegated state programs (B) asbestos-containing materials or (C)
polychlorinated biphenyls.

                                      B-20

         As used in this Agreement, "Environmental Laws" means any and all
federal, state, foreign, interstate, local or municipal laws, rules, orders,
regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decisions, injunctions, orders,
decrees, requirements of any Governmental Entity, any and all common law
requirements, rules and bases of liability regulating, relating to or imposing
liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, Hazardous Materials or
protection of human health, safety, natural resources or the environment and
includes the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
Act, 42 U.S.C. ss. 9601 ET SEQ., as such law has been amended or supplemented,
and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and all analogous state or
local statutes. As used in this Agreement, "Environmental Liabilities" with
respect to any person means any and all liabilities or relating to such person
or any of its Subsidiaries (including any entity which is, in whole or in part,
a predecessor of such person or any of such Subsidiaries), whether vested or
unvested, contingent or fixed, actual or potential, known or unknown, which (i)
arise under or relate to matters covered by Environmental Laws and (ii) relate
to actions occurring or conditions existing on or prior to the Closing Date. As
used in this Agreement, "Hazardous Materials" means any materials, wastes, or
substances defined, listed, classified or regulated as hazardous, toxic or
dangerous in or under any Environmental Laws and includes petroleum, petroleum
products, asbestos, urea formaldehyde, radioactive materials, radiofrequency and
polychlorinated biphenyls.

         Section 3.15. Contracts.
                       ----------

                  (a) SECTION 3.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets
forth a correct and complete list of each of the following Contracts to which
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is a party or by which the Company
or any Subsidiary of the Company or any of their respective properties or assets
are or may be bound:

                           (i) any Contracts to sell products or to provide
services (including without limitation licensing, maintenance, consulting,
development, training and support agreements) with the Company's 20 largest
customers by revenue for the year ended December 31, 2000;

                           (ii) the five largest distribution or reseller
Contracts by revenue for the year ended December 31, 2000;

                           (iii) any material Contracts granting a right of
first refusal or first negotiation or containing most favored customer/nation or
price redetermination provisions or change of control provisions;

                           (iv) any Contracts that provide for exclusive rights
or that purport to limit, curtail, or restrict the ability of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to compete in any geographic area or line of business or
with any person or to solicit any customers or employees in any material
respect;

                           (v) any Contracts for the acquisition, sale or lease
of material properties or assets of the Company (by merger, purchase or sale of
assets or stock or otherwise) entered into since

                                      B-21

January 1, 1999, involving aggregate consideration of $10.0 million or more;

                           (vi) any loan or credit agreements, mortgages,
indentures or other agreements or instruments evidencing indebtedness for
borrowed money by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000
or any such agreement pursuant to which indebtedness for borrowed money in
excess of $500,000 may be incurred,

                           (vii) any Contracts that would be required to be
filed as an exhibit to a Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC on the date
hereof that have not been filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to a
Filed Company SEC Document;

                           (viii) any other Contracts that involve total annual
payments of more than $750,000 or aggregate payments over the life thereof of
$2.0 million or which, together with all other Contracts to or with the same
party or affiliated parties, involve more than such amounts;

                           (ix) any other Contract that is material to the
business, assets, condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or results of
the operations of the Company; and

                           (x) any commitments and agreements to enter into any
of the foregoing.

                  (b) The Company has heretofore made available to Parent true,
correct and complete copies, or (in the case of oral Contracts) written
descriptions of all of the material terms thereof, of all Contracts identified
or required to be identified in SECTION 3.15(a) hereto (collectively, the
"Material Contracts")

                  (c) Each of the Material Contracts constitutes the valid and
legally binding obligation of the Company or its Subsidiaries, enforceable in
accordance with its terms, and is in full force and effect. There is no default
under any Material Contract either by the Company or, to the Company's
knowledge, by any other party thereto, and no event has occurred that with the
lapse of time or the giving of notice or both would constitute a default
thereunder by the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, any other party. No
party to any such Material Contract has given notice to the Company of or made a
claim against the Company with respect to any breach or default thereunder.

                  (d) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.15(d) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has, during
the period from January 1, 2000 to the date hereof, lost, or been notified that
it will lose or suffer diminution in its relationship with any material
customer. To the knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof no
representative of any customer has notified the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries that, in the event of a change of control of the Company such as
contemplated by this Agreement, the Company or any Subsidiary would lose or
suffer diminution in its relationship with any such customer.

                  (e) Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or
as set forth on

                                      B-22

SECTION 3.15(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter, there are no transactions or
arrangements between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (i) any director
or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary or any person affiliated or related
to any such director or officer or (ii) any other person or entity controlling
or under common control with the Company.

         Section 3.16. Brokers; Fees and Expenses.
                       ---------------------------

         No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person, other
than Sonenshine Pastor & Co. LLC and Bear Stearns & Co. Inc., the fees and
expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker's,
finder's, financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in connection
with the Merger and the other Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on
behalf of the Company. The Company has furnished to Parent a true and complete
copy of all agreements between the Company and Sonenshine Pastor & Co. LLC and
Bear Stearns & Co. Inc. relating to the Merger and the other Transactions.

         Section 3.17. Opinion of Financial Advisor.
                       -----------------------------

         The Company has received the opinion of Bear Stearns & Co. Inc., dated
the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date, the
consideration to be received in the Merger by the holders of Company Common
Stock is fair to the holders of Company Common Stock from a financial point of
view.

         Section 3.18. Potential Conflicts of Interest.
                       --------------------------------

         Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents or set forth in
SECTION 3.18 of the Company Disclosure Letter, there have been no transactions,
agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Company, on the one hand,
and its affiliates, on the other hand, that would be required to be disclosed
under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

         Section 3.19. Intellectual Property.
                       ----------------------

                  (a) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.19(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, the Company and its Subsidiaries own all right, title and
interest in, to and under, free and clear of any Lien or any other material
restriction, and have the valid and enforceable right to use and fully and
completely assign, transfer and convey, or have a valid license to: all U.S. and
foreign patents, inventions (patentable or unpatentable), know-how, trade
secrets, and all other tangible or intangible confidential or proprietary
technical and business information, copyrights (registered or unregistered),
computer software and programs of any kind or nature (including, but not limited
to, any and all object code, source code, firmware, program and/or programming
tools), trademarks (registered or unregistered), service marks (registered or
unregistered), trade names, trade dress, and all patent applications, trademark
and/or service mark applications and/or registrations, and copyright
applications for any of the foregoing, as well as any and all goodwill
symbolized by and/or associated with any of the foregoing (collectively,
"Intellectual Property"), currently used or planned to be used in products
currently under development and reasonably necessary to carry on the business

                                      B-23

and/or planned business of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries, as well as all
rights to any and all income, royalties, revenues, damages, payments previously,
now or hereafter due and/or payable under or with respect to any of the
foregoing Intellectual Property owned by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries,
including, without limitation, the right to all past, present and future causes
of action for violating any rights relating to any of the foregoing Intellectual
Property owned by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries including, but not limited
to, infringement, unfair competition, misappropriation and/or dilution (all
rights included in this SECTION 3.19(a) collectively "Employed Intellectual
Property").

                  (b) The activities, products and services of the Company and
its Subsidiaries have not and do not infringe upon, misappropriate, dilute (in
the case of trademarks), and/or to the knowledge of the Company, otherwise
violate, or constitute the unauthorized use of, the Intellectual Property of any
other person. There are no allegations, threats, claims or lawsuits pending, or
for which notice has been provided to the Company, or to the knowledge of the
Company alleging that the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' activities,
products or services infringe upon, misappropriate, dilute (in the case of
trademarks), and/or otherwise violate, or constitute the unauthorized use of,
any other person's Intellectual Property; or (ii) challenging the Company's or
any of its Subsidiaries' ownership of, right to use, right to assign or license,
the validity or enforceability of, or any license or other agreement relating
to, any Employed Intellectual Property. Except as set forth on SECTION 3.19(b)
of the Company Disclosure Letter, to the knowledge of the Company, there is no
basis to conclude that any third party has, is, and/or is planning to, infringe
upon, misappropriate, dilute (in the case of trademarks), and/or otherwise
violate, of any Employed Intellectual Property owned by the Company and/or its
Subsidiaries.

                  (c) Except for consents required under certain Contracts, the
consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions will not result in the
loss, dilution (in the case of trademarks), and/or diminution, of any rights of
the Company and its Subsidiaries to any of the Employed Intellectual Property
nor impose any additional burdens (whether financial or otherwise on the use
thereof. Except for consents required under certain Contracts, the Merger would
not result in any material loss, or dilutions (in the case of trademarks),
and/or diminution of any material rights of the Company to any of the Employed
Intellectual Property nor impose any additional burdens (whether financial or
otherwise) on the use thereof.

                  (d) The Company and its Subsidiaries have a standard practice
of obtaining and to the Company's knowledge have obtained from each employee and
independent contractor a written agreement under which each such person is
obligated to disclose, transfer and fully assign to the Company, without the
receipt by such person of any additional value therefor (other than such
person's contract, employment, normal salary and benefits), any inventions,
developments and discoveries, and/or Intellectual Property, which during the
period of employment or engagement with or by the Company or its Subsidiaries he
or she makes or conceives of either solely or jointly with others, that relate
to any subject matter with which his or her work for the Company or its
Subsidiaries may be concerned, or relate to or are connected with the present or
anticipated business, products, services or projects of the Company or its
Subsidiaries, or involve the use of the

                                      B-24

Company's or its Subsidiaries' time, materials or facilities. The Company and
its Subsidiaries have a standard practice of obtaining and to the Company's
knowledge have obtained legally binding written agreements from all employees,
independent contractors and third persons with whom the Company and its
Subsidiaries have shared material confidential and/or proprietary information:
(i) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or (ii) received from others which the
Company or its Subsidiaries are obligated to treat as confidential, which
agreements require such employees and third parties to keep such information
confidential. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the
Company or its Subsidiaries are obligated under any contract (including
licenses, covenants or commitments of any nature) or other agreement, or subject
to any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative agency, that
would interfere with their duties to the Company or its Subsidiaries or that
would conflict with the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Other than
third party rights licensed to the Company or that the Company licenses to third
parties or any non-assertions or covenants not to sue from a third party to the
Company, no entity other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries possesses
any current, future, or contingent rights to any of the Employed Intellectual
Property owned by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on
SECTION 3.19(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company and its
Subsidiaries have a standard practice of obtaining and to the Company's
knowledge have obtained from all persons who are not employees and who have
created any portion of, or otherwise had any rights in or to, the Employed
Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries, valid
and enforceable written assignments of any and all such intellectual property or
other rights to the Company. Except for (A) executable code only software
licenses granted in the ordinary course of business and (B) limited source code
software licenses granted in the ordinary course of business to promote
exchanges of technical information used to make the Company's products
compatible with those of other companies and source code escrow agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business, the Company has not granted any
material licenses or other material rights, of any kind or nature, in or to any
of the Employed Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company or its
Subsidiaries to any third party. The Company has not taken any action to
jeopardize its trade secrets in any of its material software products. With
respect to any Intellectual Property licensed to the Company or its Subsidiaries
and material to the operation of the Company's business, (x) the Company is not
in material breach of any agreement related thereto, (y) no license is subject
to expiration or termination as long as all required payments are made and as
long as the Company obeys the scope of the license and confidentiality
provisions expressed therein.

        Section 3.20. Software.
                      ---------

                  (a) "Owned Software" shall mean all computer programs and/or
software programs (including, but not limited to, all source code, object code,
firmware, programming tools and/or documentation), including without limitation,
computer programs used by the Company in the planning, development, testing
and/or acceptance phase, owned by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company.
"Licensed Software" shall mean all material computer programs (including, but
not limited to, all source code, object code, firmware, and/or documentation)
licensed to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company by any third party
(other than any off-the-shelf computer program that is so licensed under a
shrink wrap license) (the Licensed Software and the Owned Software, the

                                      B-25

"Software").

                  (b) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.20(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, except for Licensed Software incorporated into the Company's
products free and clear of any obligation on the part of the Company except for
payments (which are up to date) and confidentiality, the Company, directly or
through its Subsidiaries, owns all right, title and interest, and has good,
marketable and exclusive title in, to and under, and the valid power and right
to sell, license, lease, transfer, assign, convey, use and otherwise exploit,
all of the Owned Software and all copyrights therefor, free and clear of all
Liens. The Company, directly or through its Subsidiaries, is in actual
possession of or has necessary control over: (i) the source code and object code
for each computer program included in the Owned Software; and (ii) the object
code and, to the extent required for the use of the Software as currently used
in the Company's business or as currently offered to the Company's customers or
potential customers, the source code, for each computer program included in the
Licensed Software. The Company, directly or through its Subsidiaries, is in
possession of or has necessary control over all documentation (including,
without limitation, all related engineering specifications, program flow charts,
installation and user manuals) and know-how required for the use and revision of
the Software as currently used, or which is being designed and/or developed, in
the Company's business or as currently offered to the Company's customers or
potential customers except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Software constitutes all
of the computer programs necessary to conduct the Company's and its
Subsidiaries' business as now conducted. Other than pursuant to agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business, no person other than the
Company and its Subsidiaries has any material right or interest of any kind or
nature in or with respect to the Owned Software or any portion thereof or any
rights to sell, license, lease, transfer, use or otherwise exploit the Owned
Software or any portion thereof. The Company and its Subsidiaries have made use
of all copies of the Licensed Software in their possession as permitted by the
respective license agreements in all material respects.

                  (c) Since the Company and its Subsidiaries have owned the
Owned Software, the Company and its Subsidiaries have disclosed source code to
the Owned Software only pursuant to written confidentiality terms that
reasonably protect the Company's rights in such Owned Software. To the knowledge
of the Company, except as disclosed in accordance with such confidentiality
agreements or valid source code escrow agreements, no person (other than Company
and its Subsidiaries) is in possession of any source code for any computer
program included in the Owned Software or has any rights to the same.

                  (d) Except as set forth on SECTION 3.20(d) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, neither the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is
obligated to support or maintain any of the Owned Software except pursuant to
agreements terminable by the Company on a periodic basis and that provide for
periodic payments to the Company for such services.

                  (e) The Owned Software and all software products of the
Company and its Subsidiaries function in accordance with their documentation in
all material respects. Neither the

                                      B-26

Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is in material breach of any license
to the Owned Software

                  (f) None of the Owned Software or any software products of the
Company or its Subsidiaries contain any time bomb, trojan horse, back door, drop
dead device, or any other code that would interfere with the normal operation of
the same, would allow circumvention of security controls for the same, or that
is intended to cause damage to hardware, software or data (except as disclosed
in the documentation for the same.

                  (g) The Owned Software is Year 2000 Compliant and does not use
windowing or any other Year 2000 remediation technique that is subject to
expiration within 10 years of the date of this Agreement. For purposes of this
Agreement, "Year 2000 Compliant" means that neither performance nor
functionality will be adversely affected by dates prior to, during or after the
year 2000 and that the year 2000 will be recognized as a leap year.

         Section 3.21. Title to Properties.
                       --------------------

         Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title
to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its properties and assets, free and
clear of all Liens, except for defects in title, easements, restrictive
covenants and similar encumbrances or impediments that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied in all material
respects with the terms of all leases to which it is in occupancy, and all such
leases are in full force and effect.

         Section 3.22. Insurance.
                       ----------

         The Company maintains insurance coverage reasonably adequate for the
operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the
Transactions contemplated in this Agreement will not materially adversely affect
such coverage.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB

         Parent and Sub, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to the
Company as follows:

         Section 4.01. Organization, Standing and Power.
                       ---------------------------------

         Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is
organized and has full corporate power and authority necessary to enable it to
own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its
businesses as presently conducted.

                                      B-27

         Section 4.02. Sub.
                       ----

         Since the date of its incorporation, Sub has not carried on any
business or conducted any operations other than the execution of this Agreement,
the performance of its obligations hereunder and matters ancillary thereto. Sub
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

         Section 4.03. Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.
                       --------------------------------------------------

         Each of Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority
to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and the Option Agreement and to
consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by each of
Parent and Sub of this Agreement and the Option Agreement and the consummation
by it of the Transactions have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
and stockholder action on the part of Parent and Sub. Parent, as sole
stockholder of Sub, has adopted this Agreement and the Option Agreement. Each of
Parent and Sub has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and the Option
Agreement, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the Option Agreement by the Company, each of this Agreement and
the Option Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as that
enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of
creditor's rights generally and the application of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether that enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law
or in equity). The affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3% of the outstanding
shares of common stock of Sub is the only vote of Sub's capital stock required
to approve the Merger and adopt this Agreement.

         Section 4.04. No Conflicts; Consents.
                       -----------------------

                  (a) The execution, delivery and performance by each of Parent
and Sub of this Agreement do not, and the consummation of the Merger and the
other Transactions and compliance with the terms of this Agreement will not,
conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice
or lapse of time, or both) under, any provision of (i) the charter or
organizational documents of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any Contract
to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of their
respective properties or assets is bound or (iii) subject to the filings and
other matters referred to in SECTION 4.04(b), any Judgment or Law applicable to
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such matters as,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
material adverse effect on (a) the ability of Parent or Sub to perform its
obligations under this Agreement and the Option Agreement or (b) the ability of
Parent or Sub to consummate the Merger and the other Transactions (any of the
foregoing, a "Parent Material Adverse Effect").

                  (b) No Consent of, or registration, declaration or filing
with, or notice to, or Permit from any Governmental Entity is required to be
obtained or made by or with respect to Parent or any of its subsidiaries in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the
consummation of the Transactions, other than (i) the filing with the SEC of such

                                      B-28

reports under the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this
Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) the
filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of
Ohio, (iii) such filings as may be required in connection with the Taxes
described in SECTION 6.08, (iv) the filing of a premerger notification report
under the HSR Act and the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting
period with respect thereto, (v) filings under state securities Laws, (vi) such
filings and approvals as may be required by any foreign premerger notification,
securities, corporate or other law and (vii) such other items as, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.

         Section 4.05. Information Supplied.
                       ---------------------

         None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Sub for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in, or which may be deemed to be
incorporated by reference in, the Proxy Statement will, at the time the Proxy
Statement is filed with the SEC or published, sent or given to the Company's
stockholders, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. If any time prior to the Effective Time any event with respect to
Parent or Sub, or with respect to any information supplied by Parent or Sub for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement, shall occur which is required to be described
in an amendment of, or a supplement to, such document, Parent or Sub shall so
describe the event to the Company.

         Section 4.06. Brokers.
                       --------

         No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person, other
than Greenhill & Co., LLC and Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, is entitled to any
broker's, finder's, financial advisor's or other similar fee or commission in
connection with Merger and the other Transactions based upon arrangements made
by or on behalf of Parent.

         Section 4.07. Financing.
                       ----------

         Parent and Sub have available (through cash on hand and existing
committed credit arrangements) all of the funds necessary for the acquisition of
all shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Merger, and to perform their
respective obligations under this Agreement.

         Section 4.08. Litigation.
                       -----------

         As of the date hereof, there is no suit, action, proceeding or
investigation pending against, or to the knowledge of Parent threatened against
or affecting, Parent or any of its subsidiaries before any Governmental Entity
that questions the validity of this Agreement or the Option Agreement or any
action to be taken by Parent or Sub in connection with the consummation of the
Transactions or would otherwise prevent or delay the consummation of the
Transactions.

                                      B-29

                                   ARTICLE V

                    COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

         Section 5.01. Conduct of Business.
                       --------------------

                  (a) CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE COMPANY. Except for matters set
forth in SECTION 5.01(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter or otherwise expressly
permitted by this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall conduct its business in the
usual, regular and ordinary course of business and in substantially the same
manner as previously conducted and use its reasonable best efforts to preserve
intact its current business organization, keep available the services of its
current officers and employees and keep its relationships with customers,
suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having business
dealings with them to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be
unimpaired at the Effective Time. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall
maintain its assets and all parts thereof in as good working order and condition
as at present, ordinary wear and tear excepted, consistent with past practice,
and shall maintain in full force and effect current insurance policies or other
comparable insurance coverage with respect to the assets and potential
liabilities thereof. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except for matters set forth in SECTION 5.01(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter or conduct otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement,
from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not and
it shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the following without
the prior written consent of Parent:

                        (i) (A) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or
            make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock, property or
            otherwise) in respect of, any of its capital stock, (B) split,
            combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or authorize
            the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
            substitution for shares of its capital stock or (C) purchase, redeem
            or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or
            any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to
            acquire any such shares or other securities except for the
            repurchase of unvested shares of Company Common Stock, at the
            purchase price paid per share, upon the termination of service of
            the holders of those shares pursuant to the Company Stock Option
            Plans;

                        (ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge, transfer or
            otherwise encumber or dispose of or subject to any Lien (A) any
            shares of its capital stock, (B) any securities convertible into or
            exchangeable for, or any options, warrants, commitments or rights of
            any kind to acquire, any such shares, voting securities or
            convertible or exchangeable securities or (C) any "phantom" stock,
            "phantom" stock rights, stock appreciation rights or stock-based
            performance units, other than the issuance of Company Common Stock
            upon the exercise of Company Stock Options and Warrants outstanding
            on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with their terms as
            in effect on the date of this Agreement or pursuant to the
            provisions of the Structural Dynamics Research Corporation Stock
            Purchase Plan;

                                      B-30

                        (iii) amend the Company Charter or the Company Bylaws;

                        (iv) acquire or agree to acquire (A) by merging or
            consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest
            in or all or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other
            manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, company,
            limited liability company, joint venture, association or other
            business organization or division thereof or (B) any assets that,
            individually or in the aggregate, are in excess of $1 million,
            except purchases of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

                        (v) (A) grant to any employee, officer or director of
            the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any increase in compensation
            or pay any bonus, except to the extent required under employment
            agreements in effect as of the date of the most recent audited
            financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents,
            (B) grant to any employee, officer or director of the Company or any
            of its Subsidiaries any increase in severance, change of control or
            termination pay, except to the extent required under any agreement
            in effect as of the date of the most recent audited financial
            statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents, (C)
            establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining
            agreement, other labor union agreement or Company Employee Benefit
            Plan, or (D) take any action to accelerate any rights or benefits
            except as required pursuant to Section 6.04 of this Agreement, take
            any action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of
            compensation or benefits under any Company Benefit Agreement or
            Company Benefit Plan, or make any material determinations not in the
            ordinary course of business, under any collective bargaining
            agreement, labor union agreement or Company Employee Benefit Plan;

                        (vi) make any change in accounting methods, principles
            or practices affecting the reported assets, liabilities or results
            of operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except as
            required by a change in GAAP;

                        (vii) sell, lease (as lessor), license, encumber or
            otherwise dispose of or subject to any Lien any properties or assets
            that, individually or in the aggregate, are in excess of $500,000,
            except sales of inventory and excess or obsolete assets in the
            ordinary course of business;

                        (viii) (A) incur, assume or prepay any indebtedness for
            borrowed money or guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or
            responsible (whether directly, contingently or otherwise) for any
            indebtedness or obligation of another person or issue or sell any
            debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt
            securities of the Company, except for short-term borrowings incurred
            in the ordinary course of business not to exceed $1.0 million, or
            (B) make or forgive any loans, advances or capital contributions to,
            or investments in, any other person;

                        (ix) make or agree to make any new capital expenditure
            or expenditures that, individually or in the aggregate, are in
            excess of $1.0 million in any calendar quarter;

                                       B-31

                        (x) make or change any material Tax election or settle
            or compromise any material Tax liability or refund;

                        (xi) (A) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims,
            liabilities, obligations or litigation, other than the payment,
            discharge, settlement or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of
            business or in accordance with their terms, of liabilities reflected
            or reserved against in the most recent consolidated financial
            statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the
            Filed Company SEC Documents or incurred since the date of such
            financial statements in the ordinary course of business or (B)
            cancel any indebtedness that is material, individually or in the
            aggregate, to the Company, or waive any claims or rights of
            substantial value;

                        (xii) adopt a plan or agreement of, or resolutions
            providing for or authorizing, complete or partial liquidation,
            dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization
            or other reorganization;

                        (xiii) make, enter into or renew, extend, amend, modify,
            or waive any provisions of any Material Contract or relinquish or
            waive any rights under, or agree to the termination of, any Material
            Contract, except in the ordinary course of business;

                        (xiv) permit any material insurance policy naming it as
            a beneficiary or a loss payable payee to lapse, be cancelled or
            expire unless a new policy with substantially identical coverage is
            in effect as of the date of lapse, cancellation or expiration; or

                        (xv) authorize, or commit or agree to take, any of the
            foregoing actions.

                  (b) ADVICE OF CHANGES. The Company shall promptly advise
Parent of any change or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

         Section 5.02. No Solicitation.
                       ----------------

                  (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries and each of their
respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and
representatives (including without limitation any investment banker, financial
advisor, attorney, accountant or other representative) (collectively, its
"Representatives") shall cease immediately any discussions or negotiations with
any parties that may be ongoing with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal
(as hereinafter defined). From the date hereof until the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, the Company will not and
will not permit its Subsidiaries to (whether directly or indirectly through
their Representatives), and the Company shall cause its and its Subsidiaries'
Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or
knowingly encourage any inquiries relating to, or the submission of, any Company
Takeover Proposal, (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding
any Company Takeover Proposal, or, in connection with any Company Takeover
Proposal, furnish to any person any information or data with respect to or
access to the properties of the Company, or any of its Subsidiaries, or take any
other action to facilitate the making of any proposal

                                       B-32

that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to any Company Takeover
Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any Company Takeover
Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company or the Company Board shall
be permitted to furnish information with respect to the Company and its
Subsidiaries and participate in discussions or negotiations regarding an
unsolicited bona fide Company Takeover Proposal if, and only to the extent that
the Company Board determines in good faith that (A) such disclosure or
participation is required in order to satisfy the Company Board's fiduciary
duties to the Company's stockholders under applicable Law and (B) such Company
Takeover Proposal could reasonably be expected to result in a Superior Company
Proposal, in which case neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries will disclose
any information to such person without entering into a customary confidentiality
agreement containing confidentiality provisions not materially less favorable to
the Company than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement (as
hereinafter defined); provided, however, that such confidentiality agreement
shall not prohibit the presentation of a Company Takeover Proposal to Parent.
The Company shall promptly (but in no case later than 24 hours after actual
receipt by an officer of the Company) provide Parent with a copy of any written
Company Takeover Proposal received and a written statement with respect to any
non-written Company Takeover Proposal received, which statement shall include
the identity of the person initiating such discussions and the material terms
thereof. The Company shall keep Parent informed on a current basis of the status
and material terms of any such inquiries or Company Takeover Proposals and any
material developments with respect to any discussions regarding any Company
Takeover Proposal.

                  (b) Nothing contained in SECTION 5.02(a) shall prohibit the
Company or the Company Board from (i) taking and disclosing to the Company's
stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the
Exchange Act (or any similar communications) in connection with the making or
amendment of a tender offer or exchange offer or (ii) making any disclosure to
the Company's stockholders required by applicable Law, provided that the Company
Board shall not recommend that the stockholders of the Company tender their
shares of Company Common Stock in connection with any such tender or exchange
offer unless the Company Board shall have determined in good faith, after
consultation with an independent financial advisor and outside counsel, that the
relevant Company Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior Company Proposal.

                  (c) For purposes of this Agreement:

                  "Company Takeover Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or
         offer (other than by Parent, Sub or any of their affiliates) for (i) a
         merger, consolidation, share exchange, dissolution, recapitalization,
         liquidation or other business combination involving the Company, (ii)
         the acquisition by any person in any manner, directly or indirectly, of
         a number of shares of any class of equity securities of the Company
         equal to or greater than 20% of the number of such shares outstanding
         before such acquisition or (iii) the acquisition by any person in any
         manner, directly or indirectly, of assets that generate or constitute
         20% or more of the net revenues, net income or assets of the Company
         and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, in each case other than
         the Transactions.

                                       B-33

                  "Superior Company Proposal" means any bona fide written
         Company Takeover Proposal made by a third party or parties (other than
         by Parent, Sub or any of their affiliates) to acquire directly or
         indirectly (i) all the equity securities or (ii) the assets of the
         Company substantially as an entirety, which the Company Board
         determines in good faith (after consultation with an independent
         financial advisor and outside counsel), taking into account all legal,
         financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal (including any
         conditions to such proposal, the anticipated timing of the closing
         thereof, the risk of nonconsummation, the ability of the person making
         such proposal to finance the transaction contemplated thereby and any
         required consents, filings and approvals of any Governmental Entity or
         other person) that the Company Board determines in good faith to be
         relevant and the person making such proposal, (x) would, if
         consummated, be more favorable, from a financial point of view, to the
         holders of Company Common Stock than the Transactions and (y) is
         reasonably capable of being completed, taking into account all legal,
         financial, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         Section 6.01. Preparation of Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting.
                       -----------------------------------------------------

                  (a) As soon as practicable after the execution of this
Agreement, and in no event later than 10 days after the date hereof, the Company
shall prepare and file with the SEC the Proxy Statement in preliminary form, and
each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond
as promptly as practicable to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto. The
Company shall notify Parent promptly of the receipt of any comments from the SEC
or its staff and of any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or
supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and shall
supply Parent with copies of all correspondence between the Company or any of
its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other
hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement. The Company will advise Parent,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the Proxy Statement
has been cleared by the SEC. The Company shall also permit representatives of
Parent to participate in any telephone call with the SEC which discusses
comments made by the staff. If at any time prior to receipt of the Company
Stockholder Approval there shall occur any event that should be set forth in an
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, the Company shall promptly
prepare and mail to its stockholders such an amendment or supplement. No filing
of, or amendment to, the Proxy Statement will be made by the Company without
providing Parent the opportunity to review and comment thereon. The Company
shall not mail any Proxy Statement, or any amendment or supplement thereto, to
which Parent reasonably objects. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the Company's stockholders
as promptly as practicable after filing with the SEC.

                  (b) The Company shall, as soon as practicable following the
date of this Agreement, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of
its stockholders (the "Company

                                       B-34

Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of seeking the Company Stockholder
Approval. The Company shall, through the Company Board, recommend to its
stockholders that they give the Company Stockholder Approval.

         Section 6.02. Access to Information; Confidentiality.
                       ---------------------------------------

                  (a) Except to the extent it would expressly violate applicable
Law, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, afford to Parent,
and to Parent's officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors
and other representatives, access during reasonable business hours during the
period prior to the Effective Time to (i) all of the Company's and its
Subsidiaries' properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records
and other information and business documents, (ii) the Company's independent
accountants and (iii) the premises of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the
purpose of inspecting the books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries
and/or performing environmental assessments, provided that access to the
premises shall be permitted only with the prior consent of the Company (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Except to the extent it
would expressly violate applicable Law, during the period prior to the Effective
Time, Parent will have the full cooperation of the Company in confirming the
nature of the relationships between the Company and its Subsidiaries and their
customers, contractors and suppliers, including whether or not such
relationships are satisfactory and whether or not such relationships are
expected to continue after the Merger. The Company shall have the right to have
one or more representatives present at all times of any such inspections,
interviews and communications conducted by Parent or its representatives.

                  (b) Neither any investigation conducted by Parent or its
representatives pursuant to this SECTION 6.02 nor the results thereof shall
affect any representation or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement
or the ability of Parent to rely thereon. All information exchanged pursuant to
this SECTION 6.02 shall be subject to the confidentiality agreement dated
February 23, 2001, between the Company and Parent (the "Confidentiality
Agreement").

         Section 6.03. Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification.
                       --------------------------------------

                  (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
this Agreement, each of the parties shall use all reasonable best efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to
assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary,
proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious
manner practicable, the Merger and the other Transactions, including (i)
determining whether any action by or in respect of or filing with any
Governmental Entities is required or any actions, consents, approvals or waivers
are required to be obtained from third parties in connection with the
Transactions, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions,
waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities and the making of all
necessary registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental
Entities, if any) and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary to
obtain an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding by, any
Governmental Entity, (iii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or
waivers from third parties, (iv) the defending of any lawsuits or other legal
proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or
the

                                       B-35

consummation of the Transactions, including seeking to have any stay or
temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity
vacated or reversed and (v) the execution and delivery of any additional
instruments necessary to consummate the Transactions and to fully carry out the
purposes of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require
Parent to waive any rights or agree to any limitation on its operations or to
dispose of any asset or collection of assets of the Company, Parent or any of
their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates.

                  (b) The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent
or Sub shall give prompt notice to the Company, of (i) any representation or
warranty made by it contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate in
any material respect, (ii) the failure by it to comply with or satisfy in any
material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or
satisfied by it under this Agreement, (iii) any notice or other communication it
receives from any person alleging that the consent of such person is or may be
required in connection with the Transactions, (iv) any notice or other
communication it receives from any Governmental Entity in connection with the
Transactions or (v) any action, suit, claim, investigation or proceeding
commenced or, to its knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or
otherwise affecting it that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would
have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to SECTION 3.12 or 4.08, as
applicable, or that relate to the consummation of the Transactions; provided,
however, that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of
the parties under this Agreement.

         Section 6.04. Stock Options.
                       --------------

                  (a) VESTED COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS OTHER THAN DIRECTOR COMPANY
STOCK OPTIONS. As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Company Board (or, if appropriate, any committee administering the Company Stock
Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions as are required
to provide that (i) each Company Stock Option (other than a Director Company
Stock Option) which is outstanding and vested at or immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be canceled, with the holder thereof becoming entitled to
receive an amount of cash in respect of such Company Stock Option equal to the
product of (A) the excess, if any, of (x) the Merger Consideration over (y) the
exercise price per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock
Option and (B) the number of vested shares of Company Common Stock subject to
such Company Stock Option immediately prior to its cancellation.

                  (b) UNVESTED COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS OTHER THAN DIRECTOR COMPANY
STOCK OPTIONS. As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the
Company Board (or, if appropriate, any committee administering the Company Stock
Plans) shall adopt resolutions providing that each outstanding Company Stock
Option that is not vested at or immediately prior to the Effective Time and does
not vest by its terms upon a change of control arising from the transaction
contemplated in this Agreement, shall be canceled, with the holder thereof
becoming entitled to receive, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Parent,
either:

                           (i) an amount of cash in respect of such Company
Stock Option equal to

                                      B-36

the product of (A) the excess, if any, of (x) the Merger Consideration over (y)
the exercise price per share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company
Stock Option and (B) the number of unvested shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Company Stock Option immediately prior to its cancellation, or

                           (ii) an amount of cash equal to 25% of the amount
described in (i) immediately above, and a Parent Stock Option with a
Black-Scholes value equal to 75% of the amount described in (i) immediately
above.

                  (c) DIRECTOR COMPANY STOCK OPTIONS. As soon as practicable
following the date of this Agreement, the Company Board (or, if appropriate, any
committee administering the Company Stock Plans) shall adopt resolutions
providing that each outstanding Director Company Stock Option, whether or not
vested, shall be canceled, with the holder thereof becoming entitled to receive
an amount of cash in respect of such Director Company Stock Option equal to: the
product of (A) the excess, if any, of (x) the Merger Consideration over (y) the
exercise price per share of the Company Common Stock subject to the Director
Company Stock Option and (B) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Director Company Stock Option immediately prior to its
cancellation.

                  (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Parent shall have no obligation to provide any holder of any Company
Stock Option, whether vested or unvested, with the consideration described in
this Section 6.04 unless and until such holder executes a legally enforceable
waiver approved by Parent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
which evidences the holder's voluntary release of any and all interests and
claims arising from or associated with any and all Company Stock Options.

                  (e) In this Agreement:

                  "Company Stock Option" means any option to purchase Company
         Common Stock granted under any Company Stock Plans.

                  "Company Stock Plans" means the Company's (i) 1991 Employee
         Stock Option Plan, (ii) 1994 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, (iii) 1996
         Directors' Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, (iv) SDRC/T.D. Technologies,
         Inc. 1996 Incentive Stock Option Plan, (v) SDRC/T.D. Technologies, Inc.
         1996 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan for Founding Ex-Employees, (vi)
         SDRC/CAMAX Systems, Inc. 1987 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, (vii)
         SDRC/Print Control Co. 1987 Incentive Stock Option Plan, and (viii)
         SDRC/CAMAX Manufacturing Technologies, Inc. 1985 Long-Term Incentive
         Stock Option Plan.

                  "Director Company Stock Option" means an option to purchase
         Company Common Stock granted to a Director of the Company pursuant to
         the 1996 Directors' Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan.

                                      B-37

                  "Parent Stock Option" means an option granted by Parent to a
         former holder of a wholly or partially unvested Company Stock Option
         which entitles such former holder to purchase shares of Parent's common
         stock pursuant to a stock option plan established or maintained by
         Parent which (i) has an exercise price equal to the fair market value
         of Parent's common stock on the Effective Date, (ii) vests in 25%
         increments each anniversary of the Effective Date, and (iii) has an
         option term of ten years following the Effective Time.

                  (f) Parent shall issue all Parent Stock Options as
contemplated by this SECTION 6.04 on the usual and customary terms and
conditions it imposes upon its similarly situated employees, taking into
consideration applicable tax, securities and other local Laws.

         Section 6.05. Indemnification.
                       ----------------

                  (a) After the Effective Time, (i) Parent shall, and shall
cause the Surviving Corporation to, indemnify each person who is now, or has
been at any time prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (individually, an "Indemnified Party" and,
collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), to the fullest extent permitted by
law, with respect to any liability, loss, damage, judgment, fine, penalty,
amount paid in settlement or compromise with the approval of the Company (which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), cost or expense
(including reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) incurred in connection
with any threatened or actual action, suit or proceeding based on, or arising
out of, the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company
or any of the Company's Subsidiaries ("Indemnified Liabilities"), in each case,
to the fullest extent that Parent, the Company or such the Subsidiary is
permitted under applicable Law to so indemnify; Parent will cause the Surviving
Corporation to fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company
pursuant to any indemnification agreements between the Company and any of the
Indemnified Parties in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (and
Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall also advance expenses as incurred to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law, provided that the Indemnified
Party to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such
advances if it is ultimately determined that such Indemnified Party is not
entitled to indemnification). Any Indemnified Party desiring to claim
indemnification under this SECTION 6.05(a), upon learning of any such claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Parent and the
Surviving Corporation (but the failure so to notify shall not relieve the
indemnifying party from any liability which it may have under this SECTION
6.05(a) except to the extent such failure materially prejudices such
indemnifying party), and shall deliver to Parent and the Surviving Corporation
all undertakings required under applicable Law. After Parent's receipt of such
notice with respect to any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, Parent shall have the right to assume and direct, or cause the
Surviving Corporation to assume and direct, all aspects of the defense thereof,
including settlement (provided however that the Indemnified Person shall first
consent in writing to any such settlement, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld), and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in the
vigorous defense of any such matter. In no event shall Parent or the Surviving
Corporation be liable for any settlement effected without its prior written
consent. Without limiting any of the rights of any of the Indemnified Parties
set forth in the other provisions of this Section 6.05, for a period of six

                                      B-38

years after the Effective Time, to the extent there is any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time)
against or involving any Indemnified Party that arises out of or pertains to any
action or omission (or alleged action or omission) in his or her capacity as a
director, officer, employee, principal stockholder, fiduciary or agent of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or benefit plans occurring prior to the
Effective Time, such Indemnified Party shall be entitled to be represented by
counsel and following the Effective Time (i) any counsel retained by the
Indemnified Parties shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Surviving
Corporation and Parent, and (ii) the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall pay
as incurred the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel, promptly after
statements therefor are received. The rights to indemnification under this
SECTION 6.05(a) shall continue in full force and effect for a period of six
years from the Effective Time; provided, however, that all rights to
indemnification in respect of any Indemnified Liabilities asserted or made
within such period shall continue until the final disposition of such
Indemnified Liabilities.

                  (b) For a period of six years after the Effective Time, Parent
shall cause to be maintained in effect policies of directors' and officers'
insurance, for the benefit of those persons who are covered by the Company's and
the Company's Subsidiaries' directors' and officers' liability insurance at the
Effective Time, providing coverage with respect to matters occurring prior to
the Effective Time that is at least equal to the coverage provided under the
Company's current directors' and officers' liability insurance policies, to the
extent that such liability insurance can be maintained at an annual cost to
Parent not greater than 200 percent of the premium for the Company directors'
and officers' liability insurance as of the date of this Agreement; provided,
however, that if such insurance cannot be so maintained at or below such cost,
Parent shall maintain as much of such insurance as can be so maintained at a
cost equal to 200 percent of the current annual premiums of the Company for such
insurance. The foregoing provisions shall not in any way restrict or preclude
any sale, liquidation or dissolution of any subsidiary of Parent at any time
after the Effective Time. Parent agrees to pay all expenses (including fees and
expenses of counsel) that may be incurred by any Indemnified Party in
successfully enforcing the indemnity or other obligations under this SECTION
6.05.

                  (c) In the event Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of
their successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such
consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of
its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, proper
provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the
Surviving Corporation shall assume the obligations set forth in this SECTION
6.05.

                  (d) The provisions of this SECTION 6.05 are (i) intended to be
for the benefit of, and to be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her
heirs and his or her representatives and (ii) in addition to, and not in
substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any
such person may have by Law, contract or otherwise including without limitation
under the Company's Articles of Incorporation or Regulations.

                                      B-39

         Section 6.06. Fees and Expenses.
                       ------------------

                  (a) Except as provided in this Section 6.06, all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the
Merger and the other Transactions shall be paid by the party incurring such fees
or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated.

                  (b) In the event that this Agreement is terminated (i) by
Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 8.01(b)(i) or Section 8.01(b)(iii) or
by Parent pursuant to Section 8.01(d)(i) and at or prior to such termination the
Company has received one or more Company Takeover Proposals that at the time of
such termination have not been absolutely and unconditionally withdrawn or
abandoned; (ii) by the Company pursuant to Section 8.01(c)(ii); or (iii) by
Parent pursuant to Section 8.01(d)(ii) or 8.01(d)(iii), then promptly after such
termination the Company shall pay Parent a fee of $30.0 million (the
"Termination Fee") together with all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
of Parent and Sub, including without limitation, financing fees, fees and
expenses of counsel, accountants, investment bankers and other advisors, filing
fees and printing expenses up to a maximum of $2.0 million (the "Expenses").
Except as otherwise provided, any amount to be paid by the Company to Parent
hereunder shall be paid within three business days after the Company's receipt
of written notice of termination of this Agreement by wire transfer of same day
funds; provided, however, that the amount to be paid pursuant to subparagraph
(ii) above shall be paid simultaneously with, and be a necessary condition to,
termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 8.01(c)(ii). In
addition, if this Agreement is terminated by either Parent or the Company
pursuant to Section 8.01(b)(iii) and at the time of such termination Parent is
not in material breach of this Agreement, and if the Company shall, within 12
months after such termination, enter into an agreement with respect to a Company
Takeover Proposal, then the Company shall pay the Termination Fee and Expenses
(if not theretofore paid) concurrently with entering into any such agreement.

         Section 6.07. Public Announcements.
                       ---------------------

         Parent and Sub, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand,
shall consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the
opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public
statements with respect to the Merger and the other Transactions and shall not
issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such
consultation, except after reasonable attempts to provide notice have been
undertaken and except as otherwise required by applicable Law.

         Section 6.08. Employee Benefits.
                       ------------------

         For purposes of all employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements
maintained by or contributed to by Parent and its Subsidiaries (including, after
the Closing, the Surviving Corporation), for which the Company's and its
Subsidiaries' employees are eligible for participation ("Parent Benefit Plan"),
Parent shall, or shall cause its Subsidiaries to, cause each such plan, program
or arrangement to treat the prior service with the Company and its affiliates of
each person

                                      B-40

who is an employee or former employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries
immediately prior to the Closing (a "Company Employee") as service rendered to
Parent or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, for purposes of eligibility to
participate in and vesting thereunder (but not benefit accrual) to the same
extent such service is recognized under corresponding plans, programs or
arrangements of the Company or its affiliates prior to the Closing; provided,
however, that each such employee shall be given credit for his or her service
with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time for
purposes of determining the amount of vacation to which such employee is
entitled in accordance with Parent's policies following the Effective Time;
provided, further, that such crediting of service shall not operate to duplicate
any benefit or the funding of such benefit. Company Employees shall also be
given credit for any deductible or co-payment amounts paid in respect of the
plan year in which the Closing occurs, to the extent that, following the
Closing, they participate in any other plan for which deductibles or co-payments
are required. Parent shall also cause each Parent Benefit Plan to waive any
preexisting condition limitation that was waived under the terms of any Company
Benefit Plan immediately prior to the Closing and apply any waiting period
limitations that would otherwise be applicable to a Company Employee on or after
the Closing in a manner consistent with the way Parent would treat similarly
situated employees of Parent taking into consideration the service such Company
Employees had with the Company.

         Section 6.09. Further Assurances.
                       -------------------

         At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the
Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name
and on behalf of the Company or Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or
assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Sub,
any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise
in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and
under any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result
of, or in connection with, the Merger.

         Section 6.10. Antitrust Filings.
                       ------------------

         Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each of the Company and
Parent will promptly file or cause to be filed with the Federal Trade Commission
(the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
"Antitrust Division") notification and report forms pursuant to the HSR Act
relating to the Merger and the other Transactions. The Company and Parent shall
promptly respond to any request for additional information or documentary
material by the FTC or the Antitrust Division and shall cooperate with each
other in order to ensure that all waiting periods (and any extension thereof)
applicable to the consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions under
the HSR Act expire or are terminated as promptly as practicable. The Company and
Parent shall also cooperate and consult with one another in obtaining any
consents required pursuant to the Laws of any foreign jurisdiction relating to
antitrust matters or competition.

                                      B-41

                                  ARTICLE VII

                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

         Section 7.01. Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the
                       ---------------------------------------------------
Merger.
- - -------

         The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject
to the satisfaction or, if permitted by applicable Law, waiver on or prior to
the Closing Date of the following conditions:

                  (a) STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. The Company shall have obtained the
Company Stockholder Approval.

                  (b) NO INJUNCTIONS OR RESTRAINTS. No temporary restraining
order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of
competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the Merger shall be in effect; provided, however, that prior to
asserting this condition, subject to SECTION 6.03, the party asserting such
condition shall have used its reasonable best efforts to prevent the entry of
any such injunction or other order and to appeal as promptly as possible any
such injunction or other order that may be entered.

                  (c) STATUTORY RESTRAINTS. No statute, code or regulation shall
have been enacted or promulgated by any Governmental Entity that prohibits
consummation of the Merger.

                  (d) OTHER APPROVALS. The waiting period applicable to the
consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or been
terminated and all filings required to be made prior to the Effective Time with,
and all consents, approvals, permits and authorizations required to be obtained
prior to the Effective Time from, any Governmental Entity in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby shall have been made or obtained (as the case
may be), except where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, permits
and authorizations would not individually or in the aggregate be reasonably
likely to result in a Parent Material Adverse Effect (assuming the Merger has
taken place) or to materially adversely affect the consummation of the Merger,
and no such consent, approval, permit or authorization shall impose terms or
conditions that would have, or would be reasonably likely to have, a Parent
Material Adverse Effect (assuming the Merger has taken place).

         Section 7.02. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND SUB.
The obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger are also subject to the
following:

                  (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each representation and
warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement (i) shall have been true and
correct as of the date of this Agreement and (ii) shall be true and correct on
and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as
of the Closing Date (provided that, other than with respect to the
representations and warranties contained in Section 3.02, the last sentence of
Section 3.03(a), Section 3.03(b), Section 3.05, Section 3.07, Section 3.14,
Section 3.16 and Section 3.17 (collectively, the

                                      B-42

"Material Representations"), for purposes of determining the accuracy of such
representations and warranties for purposes of this clause (ii), all "Company
Material Adverse Effect" qualifications and other qualifications based on the
word "material" or similar phrases contained in such representations and
warranties shall be disregarded) except, for purposes of clauses (i) and (ii)
above, (A) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not constitute a Company
Material Adverse Effect, provided, however, that the exception in this clause
(A) shall be inapplicable to representations and warranties contained in the
Material Representations, (B) for changes contemplated by this Agreement, and
(C) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a
particular date (which representations shall have been true and correct (subject
to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (A) as of such
particular date), and Parent shall have received a certificate of an executive
officer of the Company to that effect.

                  (b) AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS. The Company shall have performed
or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants required
by this Agreement to be performed and complied with by it on or prior to the
Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate of an executive
officer of the Company to that effect.

                  (c) NO COMPANY MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT. From the date of this
Agreement through and including the Effective Time, no event or events shall
have occurred which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

         Section 7.03. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. The
obligations of the Company to effect the Merger are also subject to the
following conditions:

                  (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each of the
representations of Parent and Sub contained in this Agreement that are qualified
as to materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in
all respects, and the representations and warranties of Parent and Sub contained
in this Agreement that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the
Closing Date (provided that those representations and warranties which address
matters only as of a particular date shall be true and correct as of such date),
and Parent shall have received a certificate of an executive officer of the
Company to that effect.

                  (b) AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS. Parent and Sub shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all agreements and covenants
required by this Agreement to be performed and complied with by it on or prior
to the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate of an
executive officer of the Company to that effect.

                                      B-43

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                        TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

         Section 8.01. Termination.
                       ------------

         This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after the Company Stockholder Approval:

                  (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company;

                  (b) by either Parent or the Company:

                           (i) if the Merger shall not have been consummated by
November 30, 2001; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement
under this SECTION 8.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose breach
of any representation or warranty or failure to fulfill any covenant or
agreement under this Agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the failure
of the Merger to occur on or before such date;

                           (ii) if a statute, rule or executive order shall have
been enacted, entered or promulgated and shall then be in effect prohibiting the
Transactions contemplated hereby on the terms contemplated by this Agreement or
if any Governmental Entity order, decree, ruling or other action shall then be
in effect which permanently enjoins, restrains or otherwise prohibits the
consummation of the Merger and such order, decree, ruling or other action shall
have become final and nonappealable (collectively, a "Restraint"); provided,
that the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this SECTION
8.01(b)(ii) shall have used reasonable best efforts to prevent the entry of and
to remove such Restraint; or

                           (iii) if the Company Stockholders Meeting shall have
been held and the Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained at
such meeting or any adjournment thereof;

                  (c) by the Company:

                           (i) if Parent or Sub shall have breached or failed to
perform in any material respect any of their respective representations,
warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement or if any
representation or warranty of Parent or Sub shall have become untrue, and such
breach or failure would, if uncured, cause the conditions in Section 7.03(a) or
7.03(b) not to be satisfied, and such breach or failure either is not capable of
being cured or, if it is capable of being cured, has not been cured within 20
business days following written notice to Parent from the Company of such breach
or failure; provided, however, that the Company may not terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this SECTION 8.01(c)(i) if the Company is then in material breach of
any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement;

                                      B-44

                           (ii) if prior to the Company Stockholder Approval,
(A) the Company Board determines in good faith, after consultation with an
outside financial advisor and outside counsel to the Company, that a Company
Takeover Proposal constitutes a Superior Company Proposal and that the pursuit
of such Superior Company Proposal is required in order for the Company Board to
fulfill its fiduciary obligations to the stockholders of the Company under
applicable Law, (B) the Company, at the direction of the Company Board, notifies
Parent in writing that it intends to enter into an agreement with respect to
such Superior Company Proposal, which notification identifies the person making
the Superior Company Proposal and attaches the most current version of such
agreement (or a complete and accurate description of all material terms and
conditions thereof), (C) Parent does not make, within three business days of
receipt of the Company's written notification of its intention to enter into a
binding agreement for a Superior Company Proposal, an offer that the Company
Board determines, in good faith after consultation with an outside financial
advisor, is at least as favorable to the stockholders of the Company as such
Superior Company Proposal, it being understood that the Company shall not enter
into any such binding agreement during such three-business day period and (D)
the Company concurrently with such termination pursuant to this clause (c)(ii)
pays to Parent in same day funds the Termination Fee and Expenses (as provided
in SECTION 6.06). The Company agrees to notify Parent promptly if its intention
to enter into a written agreement referred to in its notification shall change
at any time after giving effect to such notification; or

                  (d) by Parent or Sub:

                           (i) (A) if there shall be a breach or failure of any
representation or warranty of the Company in this Agreement, and such breach or
failure, if uncured, would cause the condition set forth in Section 7.02(a) not
to be satisfied, and (B) there shall be a breach or failure by the Company of
any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, and such breach
or failure, if uncured, would cause the condition set forth in Section 7.02(b)
not to be satisfied, and, in each case, such breach either is not capable of
being cured or, if it is capable of being cured, has not been cured within 20
business days following written notice to the Company from Parent of such breach
or failure; provided, however, that neither Parent nor Sub may terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this SECTION 8.01(d)(i) if Parent or Sub is then in
material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this
Agreement;

                           (ii) if (A) the Company Board (or any committee
thereof) withdraws or modifies its approval or recommendation of this Agreement,
the Merger or the other Transactions in a manner adverse to Parent, (B) the
Company Board (or any committee thereof) shall have recommended to the
stockholders of the Company any Company Takeover Proposal, or (in any Schedule
14D-9 filed by the Company in response to a Company Takeover Proposal in
accordance with the time periods prescribed thereunder) shall have either failed
to recommend against acceptance of any Company Takeover Proposal by the
stockholders of the Company or taken no position with respect to acceptance of
such Company Takeover Proposal by the stockholders of the Company, (C) the
Company fails to call or hold the Company Stockholder Meeting in accordance

                                      B-45

with SECTION 6.01, (D) the Company Board fails to mail the Proxy Statement to
its stockholders within a reasonable period of time after the Proxy Statement
shall have been available for mailing, (E) the Company Board (or any committee
thereof) shall have resolved to do any of the foregoing, or (F) the Company
enters into an agreement with respect to a Company Takeover Proposal;

                           (iii) if the Company shall have (i) exempted for
purposes of Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Law any acquisition of shares of Company
Common Stock by any person or "group" (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act), other than Parent, Sub or their affiliates, or (ii) amended (or
agreed to amend) the Company Rights Agreement or redeemed (or agreed to redeem)
the outstanding Company Rights thereunder for the purpose of exempting an
acquisition of shares of Company Common Stock (other than pursuant to this
Agreement) from the Company Rights Agreement and the Company Rights.

         Section 8.02. Effect of Termination.
                       ----------------------

         In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the Company or
Parent or Sub as provided in SECTION 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become
void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of
Parent, Sub or the Company, other than as provided by SECTION 6.06, this SECTION
8.02 and ARTICLE IX, which provisions shall survive such termination, and except
that nothing in this SECTION 8.02 shall relieve a party from liability for fraud
or liability for the willful breach by a party of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement and such party shall be fully
liable for any and all liabilities and damages incurred or suffered by the other
party as a result of any such breach.

         Section 8.03. Amendment.
                       ----------

         Subject to SECTION 6.09, this Agreement may be amended, supplemented or
modified by the parties at any time before or after receipt of the Company
Stockholder Approval only by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each
of the parties; provided, however, that after receipt of the Company Stockholder
Approval, there shall be made no amendment, supplement or modification that by
Law requires further approval by the stockholders of the Company without the
further approval of such stockholders.

         Section 8.04. Extension; Waiver.
                       ------------------

         At any time prior to the Effective Time, (a) the parties may extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
parties, (b) each party may waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties of another party contained in this Agreement or in any document
delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) subject to the proviso of SECTION
8.03, each party may waive compliance with any of the covenants, agreements or
conditions of another party contained in this Agreement. Any agreement on the
part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth
in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any
party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or
otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.

                                      B-46

         Section 8.05. Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or
                       --------------------------------------------------
Waiver.
- - -------

         A termination of this Agreement pursuant to SECTION 8.01, an amendment,
modification or supplement of this Agreement pursuant to SECTION 8.03 or an
extension or waiver pursuant to SECTION 8.04 shall, in order to be effective,
require in the case of Parent, Sub or the Company, action by its Board of
Directors or the duly authorized designee of its Board of Directors.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

         Section 9.01. Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.
                       ----------------------------------------------

         None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in any
instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective
Time. This SECTION 9.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties
which by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

         Section 9.02. Notices.
                       --------

         All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given upon receipt (or
upon the next succeeding business day if received after 5 p.m. local time on a
business day or if received on a Saturday, Sunday or United States holiday) by
the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified by like notice):

                  (a)      if to Parent or Sub, to:

                           Electronic Data Systems Corporation
                           5400 Legacy Drive
                           Plano, Texas 75024
                           Attention:  General Counsel

                           with a copy to:

                           Baker Botts L.L.P.
                           2001 Ross Avenue, Suite 700
                           Dallas, Texas  75201
                           Attention:  Andrew M. Baker

                                      B-47

                  (b)      if to the Company, to:

                           Structural Dynamics Research Corporation
                           2000 Eastman Drive
                           Milford, Ohio 45150
                           Attention:  General Counsel

                           with a copy to:

                           Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
                           One Market
                           San Francisco, CA 94105
                           Attention:  John W. Larson

                           Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
                           Two Embarcadero Place
                           2200 Geng Road
                           Palo Altoo, CA 94303
                           Attention:  Rod J. Howard

                           Dinsmore & Shohl LLP
                           255 East Fifth Street
                           Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
                           Attention: Charles F. Hertlein, Jr.

         Section 9.03. Definitions.
                       ------------

         For purposes of this Agreement:

                  An "affiliate," when used with reference to any person, shall
         have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
         Act, as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

                  A "business day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or
         any other day on which banks in the City of New York are required or
         permitted by applicable Law to close.

                  Whenever a representation or warranty is qualified by the
         "Company's Foreign Knowledge", insofar as the representation or
         warranty relates to the Specified Countries, such representation or
         warranty shall be qualified by the actual knowledge of the Company's
         chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial
         officer, chief accounting officer, chief legal officer international
         vice president, international controller, or the country manager and
         country controller (however denominated or titled) of such Specified
         Country, but the representation or warranty as it relates to all other
         countries shall not be qualified by the knowledge of any person.

                                      B-48

                  A "Company Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse
         effect on (i) the business, operations, assets, condition (financial or
         otherwise), or results of operations of the Company, (ii) the ability
         of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or (iii)
         the ability of the Company to consummate the Merger and the other
         Transactions; provided, however, that effects relating to (a) economies
         in general, (b) the Company's industry in general, (c) the securities
         markets in general or (d) the announcement of the Transactions
         contemplated hereby, shall not be deemed to constitute a Company
         Material Adverse Effect or be considered in determining whether a
         Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

                  "in the ordinary course of business," with respect to any
         action, means such action is:

                           (a) consistent with the past custom and practices of
                  such person and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal
                  day-to-day operations of such person; and

                           (b) not required to be authorized by the Board of
                  Directors of such person.

                  A "person" means any individual, firm, corporation,
         partnership, company, limited liability company, trust, joint venture,
         association, Governmental Entity or other entity of any kind.

                  "Specified Countries" means Austria, Germany, France, Italy,
         The Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

                  A "Subsidiary" of any person means any other person of which
         (i) such person or any subsidiary thereof is a general partner, (ii)
         such person and/or one or more of its subsidiaries holds voting power
         to elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing
         similar functions or (iii) such person, directly or indirectly, owns or
         controls more than 50% of the equity interests of such other person.

                  Words and terms used in this Agreement which are defined in
         other Sections of this Agreement are used throughout this Agreement as
         therein defined.

         Section 9.04. Interpretation.
                       ---------------

         When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Section or an Article,
such reference shall be to a Section or Article of this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The  and headings contained in this
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words "include,"
"includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be
followed by the words "without limitation."

                                      B-49

         Section 9.05. Severability.
                       -------------

         If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule or Law, or public policy, all other
terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force
and effect so long as the economic and legal substance of the Transactions is
not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such
determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable
of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify
this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the Transactions are fulfilled
to the extent possible.

         Section 9.06. Counterparts.
                       -------------

         This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of
which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties.

         Section 9.07. Entire Agreement; No Third-party Beneficiaries.
                       -----------------------------------------------

         This Agreement, taken together with the Company Disclosure Letter and
the Option Agreement, (a) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties
with respect to the Transactions and (b) except for the provisions of ARTICLE II
and SECTION 6.05, is not intended to confer upon any person other than the
parties hereto any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities.

         Section 9.08. Governing Law.
                       --------------

         The validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without
reference to the conflict of laws principles thereof; except that the
effectiveness of the Merger, and other matters relating to the Company and its
Board of Directors which are required to be governed by the laws of the State of
Ohio, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of Ohio.

         Section 9.09. Assignment.
                       -----------

         Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law
or otherwise by any of the parties without the prior written consent of the
other parties. Any purported assignment without such consent shall be void.
Subject to the preceding sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure
to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective
successors and assigns.

                                      B-50

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and the Company have duly executed this
Agreement, all as of the date first written above.

                                 ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION

                                 By:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                      James E. Daley
                                      Chief Fianncial Officer

                                 EMERALD ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

                                 By:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                      James E. Daley
                                      Authorized Officer

                                 STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION

                                 By:
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                      William Weyand
                                      Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

                                  BY AND AMONG

                      ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION,

                        EMERALD ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

                                       AND

                   THE STOCKHOLDERS LISTED ON EXHIBIT I HERETO

                            Dated as of May 23, 2001

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

         This VOTING AGREEMENT dated as of May 23, 2001 (this "Agreement") among
ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), EMERALD
ACQUISITION CORPORATION I, an Ohio corporation and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of
Parent ("Sub"), and the other parties signatory hereto (individually, a
"Stockholder" and, collectively, the "Stockholders").

         WHEREAS, concurrently herewith, Parent, Sub and SAPPHIRE, an Ohio
corporation (the "Company"), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of May 23, 2001 by and among such parties (the "Merger Agreement")
(capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth
in the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Sub will be merged with and into the
Company and the outstanding shares of stock of the Company shall be converted
into the right to receive $25 per share (the "Merger") with the Company being
the surviving corporation and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; and

         WHEREAS, as an inducement and a condition to entering into the Merger
Agreement, Parent has required that the Stockholders agree, and the Stockholders
have agreed, to enter into this Agreement;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
premises, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows:

         1. AGREEMENT TO VOTE THE SHARES FOR THE MERGER.

         (a) Each Stockholder hereby agrees that, solely in his or her capacity
as a stockholder of the Company and not in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of the Company, he or she will vote (or consent in lieu of a meeting of
shareholders) the number of shares of Company Common Stock set forth opposite
such Stockholder's name on Exhibit I hereto (the "Existing Shares" and, together
with any other shares of Company Common Stock acquired by such Stockholder
solely in his or her capacity as a stockholder, such shares, with respect to
such Stockholder or any of its transferees, the "Shares"), and any other shares
of Company Common Stock owned by such Stockholder whether issued, heretofore
owned or hereinafter acquired, at any meeting of the stockholders of the
Company: (i) in favor of the Merger, and the approval of the terms of the Merger
Agreement and each of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and this Agreement and any actions required in furtherance thereof,
(ii) against any action, transaction or agreement that would result in a breach
in any material respect of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other
obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement, and (iii)
against (A) any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, on the one hand and any person other than Parent or Sub, on the
other hand; (B) a sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any person other than Parent or Sub, or a
reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries; (C) any Company Takeover Proposal; and (D) (1) any
change in a majority of the persons who constitute the board of directors of the

                                      C-1

Company; (2) any change in the present capitalization of the Company or any
amendment of the Company's Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations; (3)
any other material change in the Company's corporate structure or business; or
(4) any other action involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is
intended, or would reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, delay,
postpone, or materially adversely affect the Merger and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement.

         (b) Each Stockholder represents that any proxies heretofore given in
respect of the Shares, if any, are not irrevocable, and that such proxies are
hereby revoked.

         (c) Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that the
obligations under clause (a) above shall remain applicable in respect of each
meeting of stockholders of the Company duly called for the purpose of approving
the Merger Agreement and the Merger regardless of the position of the Company's
Board of Directors as to the Merger at the time of such meeting, and that the
obligations under clause (a) above shall continue to the extent set forth in
Section 7 hereof, provided, however, that the Stockholder shall not be required
to vote in favor of, or consent to, any action that would (i) impose any
obligations on the Stockholder not contemplated hereby, or (ii) reduce the
amount of consideration to be received by the Stockholder in the Merger. It is
further understood and agreed that nothing in this Agreement is intended, and
nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit, the Stockholder in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of the Company with respect to action
taken or omitted in such capacity.

         2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE STOCKHOLDERS. Each Stockholder
hereby represents and warrants, severally but not jointly, to parent as follows:

         (a) Ownership of Shares. Such Stockholder is the record and beneficial
owner of the number and class of Existing Shares set forth opposite such
Stockholder's name on Exhibit I hereto. Such Stockholder has, and will have
until the date that this Agreement is no longer in effect, sole voting power and
sole power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in
Section 1 hereof, sole power of disposition, sole power of conversion, sole
power to demand appraisal rights and sole power to agree to all of the matters
set forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the Existing
Shares set forth opposite such Stockholder's name on Exhibit I hereto, with no
limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to
applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement, which are the only
shares of Company Common Stock owned of record or beneficially by such
Stockholder.

         (b) Power; Binding Agreement. Such Stockholder has the legal capacity,
power and authority to enter into and perform all of such Stockholder's
obligations under this Agreement. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement by such Stockholder will not violate any other agreement to which
such Stockholder is a party including, without limitation, any voting agreement,
stockholders agreement or voting trust. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by such Stockholder and assuming this Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by the other parties hereto, constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of such Stockholder, enforceable against such Stockholder in
accordance with its terms, except as that enforceability may be limited by any
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditor's rights generally and the application of
general principles of equity (regardless of whether that enforceability is
considered

                                      C-2

in a proceeding at law or in equity). There is no beneficiary or holder of a
voting trust certificate or other interest of any trust of which such
Stockholder is trustee whose consent is required for the execution and delivery
of this Agreement or the consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

         (c) No Conflicts. To such Stockholder's knowledge (A) no filing with,
and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of any Governmental Entity is
necessary for the execution of this Agreement by such Stockholder and the
consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby and (B)
none of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Stockholder, the
consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby or
compliance by such Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof shall (1) if
such Stockholder is an entity, conflict with or result in any breach of any
organizational documents applicable to such Stockholder, (2) result in a
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time
or both) a default (or give rise to any third party right of termination,
cancellation, material modification or acceleration) under any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license,
contract, commitment, arrangement, understanding, agreement or other instrument
or obligation of any kind to which such Stockholder is a party or by which such
Stockholder or any of such Stockholder's properties or assets may be bound, or
(3) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment, statute, rule or
regulation applicable to such Stockholder or any of such Stockholder's
properties or assets.

         (d) No Encumbrances. The Shares of such Stockholder and the
certificates representing the Shares of such Stockholder are now, and at all
times during the term hereof will be, held by such Stockholder, or by a nominee
or custodian for the benefit of such Stockholder, free and clear of all liens,
claims, security interests, proxies, voting trusts or agreements, understandings
or arrangements or any other encumbrances whatsoever, except for the proxies
arising hereunder.

         (e) Reliance by Parent. Such Stockholder understands and acknowledges
that Parent is entering into, and causing Sub to enter into, the Merger
Agreement in reliance upon such Stockholder's execution and delivery of this
Agreement.

         3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB. Parent and Sub
hereby represent and warrant to each Stockholder as follows:

         Due Organization, etc. Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly
organized and validly existing under the laws of the state of its incorporation.
Each of Parent and Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Parent and Sub have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub
and, assuming its due authorization, execution and delivery by each Stockholder,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Sub,
enforceable against each of Parent and Sub in accordance with its terms.

         No Conflicts. (A) No filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent
or approval of, any state or federal public body or authority is necessary for
the execution of this Agreement by Parent and Sub and the consummation by Parent
and Sub of the transactions contemplated

                                      C-3

hereby and (B) none of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent or
Sub, the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby
shall (1) conflict with or result in any breach of the organizational documents
of Parent or Sub, (2) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or
without notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any third
party right of termination, cancellation, material modification or acceleration)
under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, license, contract, commitment, arrangement, understanding, agreement
or other instrument or obligation of any kind to which Parent or Sub is a party
or by which Parent or Sub or any of their respective properties or assets may be
bound, or (3) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, judgment, order,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to Parent or Sub or any of their
respective properties or assets.

         4. COVENANTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS. Each Stockholder covenants and agrees
as follows:

         (a) Restriction on Transfer, Proxies and Non-Interference. Stockholder
agrees that until the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7 hereof
it shall not (i) directly or indirectly, offer for sale, sell, transfer, tender,
pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any contract,
option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to or consent to the
offer for sale, transfer, tender, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or other
disposition of, any or all of the Shares of such Stockholder or any interest
therein; (ii) except as contemplated by this Agreement, grant any proxies or
powers of attorney, deposit any Shares of such Stockholder into a voting trust
or enter into a voting agreement with respect to any Shares; or (iii) take any
action that would make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder
contained herein materially untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing
or disabling such Stockholder from performing such Stockholder's obligations
under this Agreement.

         (b) Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Stockholder hereby irrevocably waives
any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent from the Merger that such
Stockholder may have under Ohio Law.

         (c) Stop Transfer; Changes in Shares. Stockholder agrees with, and
covenants to, Parent that such Stockholder shall not request that the Company
register the transfer (book-entry or otherwise) of any certificate or
uncertificated interest representing any of the Shares of such Stockholder,
unless such transfer is made in compliance with this Agreement. In the event of
a stock dividend or distribution, or any change in Company Common Stock by
reason of any stock dividend, split-up, recapitalization, combination, exchange
of shares or the like, the term "Shares" shall be deemed to refer to and include
the Shares of such Stockholder as well as all such stock dividends and
distributions and any shares into which or for which any or all of the Shares of
such Stockholder may be changed or exchanged.

         (d) Other Matters. Each Stockholder agrees to cause the record holder
of any shares of Company Common Stock that are beneficially owned by such
Stockholder to comply with the provisions of Section 4 with respect to such
shares until the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7 hereof.

         5. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each Stockholder agrees that, subject to the
fiduciary duty under applicable Law of such Stockholder as a director or officer
of the Company (if such Stockholder is a director or officer) as further
provided in the Merger Agreement, such

                                      C-4

Stockholder shall not take any action which in any material manner delays,
deters or impedes the successful completion of the Merger in an expeditious
manner.

         6. MISCELLANEOUS.

         (a) Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Merger Agreement
constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and understanding, both
written and oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

         (b) Certain Events. Each Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the
obligations hereunder shall attach to the Shares of such Stockholder and shall
be binding upon any person to which legal or beneficial ownership of such Shares
shall pass, whether by operation of law or otherwise, including, without
limitation, such Stockholder's heirs, guardians, administrators or successors.
Notwithstanding any transfer of Shares, the transferor shall remain liable for
the performance of all obligations under this Agreement of the transferor.

         (c) Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of
law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the relevant parties
hereto with respect to any Stockholder.

         (d) Amendments, Waivers, Etc. This Agreement may not be amended,
changed, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified or terminated, except upon
the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the relevant
parties hereto with respect to any one or more Stockholders, provided that
Exhibit I hereto may be supplemented by Parent by adding the name and other
relevant information concerning any stockholder of the Company who agrees to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement without the agreement of any other party
hereto, and thereafter such added stockholder shall be treated as a
"Stockholder" for all purposes of this Agreement.

         (e) Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have been duly received if so given) by hand delivery, telegram, telex
or telecopy, or by mail (registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
receipt requested) or by any courier service, such as Federal Express, providing
proof of delivery. All communications hereunder shall be delivered to the
respective parties at the following addresses:

         If to the Stockholders: At the addresses set forth on Exhibit I hereto
with copies to:

                  Structural Dynamics Research Corporation
                  2000 Eastman Drive
                  Milford, Ohio 45150
                  Attention:  General Counsel

         and

                  Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
                  One Market
                  Spear Street Tower

                                      C-5

                  San Francisco, CA  94105
                  Telephone:  415 442-1123
                  Telecopier:  415 442-1010
                  Attention: John W. Larson

                  Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
                  Two Embarcadero Place
                  2200 Geng Road
                  Palo Alto, CA  94303
                  Telephone:  650-424-0160
                  Telecopier: 650-496-2885
                  Attention: Rod J. Howard

         If to Parent or Sub:

                  Electronic Data Systems Corporation
                  5400 Legacy Drive
                  Plano, Texas 75024
                  Attention: General Counsel
         copy to:

                  Baker Botts LLP
                  2001 Ross Avenue, Suite 700
                  Telephone:  214-953-6500
                  Telecopier:  214-953-6503
                  Dallas, Texas 75201
                  Attention: Andrew M. Baker

or to such other address as the person to whom notice is given may have
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above.

         (f) Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any
provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be
effective and valid under applicable law but if any provision or portion of any
provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision
or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be
reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been
contained herein.

         (g) Specific Performance. Each of the parties hereto recognizes and
acknowledges that a breach by it of any covenants or agreements contained in
this Agreement will cause the other party to sustain damages for which it would
not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages, and therefore each of the
parties hereto agrees that in the event of any such breach the aggrieved party
shall be entitled to the remedy of specific performance of such covenants and
agreements and injunctive and other equitable relief in addition to any other
remedy to which it may be entitled, at law or in equity.

                                      C-6

         (h) Remedies Cumulative. All rights, powers and remedies provided under
this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity
shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any thereof by any
party shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such
right, power or remedy by such party.

         (i) No Waiver. The failure of any party hereto to exercise any right,
power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect
hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other party
hereto with its obligations hereunder, and any custom or practice of the parties
at variance with the terms hereof shall not constitute a waiver by such party of
its right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to demand such
compliance.

         (j) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to be
for the benefit of, and shall not be enforceable by, any person or entity who or
which is not a party hereto.

         (k) Governing Law. This Agreement, and the legal relations between the
parties hereto, shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof,
except for such matters relating to the Company which are required to be
governed by the laws of the State of Ohio.

         (l) Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings used herein are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or
to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

         (m) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each
of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

         7. TERMINATION. This Agreement shall terminate as to a particular
Stockholder, and none of Parent, Sub or any Stockholder shall have any rights or
obligations hereunder and this Agreement shall become null and void and have no
effect upon the earlier of (i) the Effective Time of the Merger and (ii) at the
time the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms. Nothing in
this Section 7 shall relieve any party of liability for breach of this
Agreement.

                                      C-7

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub and each Stockholder have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

                                          ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS
                                               CORPORATION

                                          By:
                                             ----------------------------------
                                          Name:  James E. Daley
                                          Title:  Chief Financial Officer

                                          EMERALD ACQUISITION CORPORATION I

                                          By:
                                             ----------------------------------
                                          Name:  James E. Daley
                                          Title:  Authorized Officer

                                          STOCKHOLDERS

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          William Weyand

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Glenn Wienkoop

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          William Gascoigne

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          John A. Mongelluzzo

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Jeffrey Vorholt

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Deborah Davis

                                      C-8

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          William Carrelli

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Cynthia White

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Ron Schmitz

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          James Rusk

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Max Utter

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Hans-Kurt Luebberstedt

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Thomas Eberle

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Douglas Campbell

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Terry Van Meter

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Sanford Kaiser

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Gregory Myers

                                      C-9

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Steven Walker

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Mike White

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Mitchell G. Tyson

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Gilbert R. Whitaker, Jr.

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          William P. Conlin

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Maurice F. Holmes

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Bannus B. Hudson

                                          -------------------------------------
                                          Arthur B. Sims

                                      C-10

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

         STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT dated as of May 23, 2001 (this "Agreement")
between ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"),
and STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS RESEARCH CORPORATION, an Ohio corporation (the
"Company").

         WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Company, Parent and EMERALD ACQUISITION CORPORATION I, an Ohio
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), are entering into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger of even date herewith (the "Merger Agreement"),
pursuant to which Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the "Merger"),
with the Company being the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent (capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Merger Agreement); and

         WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter
into the Merger Agreement, Parent and Sub have required that the Company agree,
and the Company has agreed, to grant to Parent an option to acquire certain
shares of the Company Class A Common Stock, no par value per share (the "Company
Common Stock"), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement and
in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein and in the Merger Agreement, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:

         1. GRANT OF OPTION. The Company hereby grants to Parent an irrevocable
option (the "Company Option") to purchase a number of shares of Company Common
Stock equal to the Option Number (as defined in Section 2(d)), on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth below.

         2. EXERCISE AND TERMINATION OF THE COMPANY OPTION.

                  (a) Exercise. The Company Option may be exercised by Parent,
in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time after the occurrence of an
event which causes the Termination Fee (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to
become payable to Parent (a "Trigger Event") and prior to the termination of
Parent's right to exercise the Company Option by the terms of this Agreement.
The Company shall notify Parent promptly in writing of the occurrence of any
Trigger Event; however, such notice shall not be a condition to the right of
Parent to exercise the Company Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company Option may not be exercised if Parent or Sub is in material breach of
any of its material representations warranties, covenants or agreements in this
Agreement or the Merger Agreement.

                  (b) Exercise Procedure. In the event that Parent wishes to
exercise the Company Option, Parent shall deliver to the Company written notice
(an "Exercise Notice") specifying the total number of shares of Company Common
Stock that Parent wishes to purchase. To the extent permitted by law and the
Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the "Company Charter") and

                                      D-1

provided that the conditions set forth in Section 3 to the Company's obligation
to issue the shares of Company Common Stock to Parent hereunder have been
satisfied or waived, Parent shall, upon delivery of the Exercise Notice and
payment of the applicable aggregate Exercise Price (as hereinafter defined) in
accordance with the provisions of Section 4(b) hereof, immediately be deemed to
be the holder of record of the shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon such
exercise, notwithstanding that the stock transfer books of the Company shall
then be closed or that certificates representing such shares of Company Common
Stock shall not theretofore have been delivered to Parent. Each closing of a
purchase of shares of Company Common Stock hereunder (a "Closing") shall occur
at a place, on a date, and at a time reasonably designated by Parent in an
Exercise Notice delivered at least two (2) business days prior to the date of
such Closing.

                  (c) Termination of the Company Option. Parent's right to
exercise the Company Option shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i)
the Effective Time and (ii) the termination of the Merger Agreement on a basis
that does not constitute a Triggering Event and (iii) the date that is nine
months following the termination of the Merger Agreement on a basis constituting
a Triggering Event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, after the occurrence of a
Trigger Event and prior to the termination of the Company Option pursuant to the
foregoing, the Company Option cannot be exercised by reason of any applicable
judgment, decree, order, law or regulation, the Company Option shall remain
exercisable and shall not terminate until the earlier of (x) the date on which
such impediment shall become final and not subject to appeal and (y) 5:00 p.m.,
Eastern Standard Time, on the tenth (10th) business day after such impediment
shall have been removed. The rights of Parent set forth in Section 8 hereof
shall not terminate upon termination of Parent's right to exercise the Company
Option, but shall extend to the time provided in such section.

                  (d) Option Number. The "Option Number" shall initially be the
number of Shares equal to ten percent (10.0%) of the total number of shares of
Company Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this Agreement,
and shall be adjusted hereafter to reflect changes in the Company's
capitalization occurring after the date hereof in accordance with Section 9
hereof (provided that the number of Shares issuable hereunder shall be reduced
to the extent necessary so that the aggregate number of Shares issuable
hereunder shall not, upon such issuance, constitute more than ten percent
(10.0%) of the total number of shares of Company Common Stock then issued and
outstanding).

                  (e) Exercise Price. The purchase price per share of Company
Common Stock purchased pursuant to exercise of the Company Option (the "Exercise
Price") shall be a cash amount per share equal to the Merger Consideration.

                  (f) Certain Limitations. In the event that Parent (and/or any
of its affiliates) receives Net Proceeds (as defined below) which, combined with
any Termination Fee paid to Parent pursuant to Section 6.06(b) of the Merger
Agreement and any payment made to Parent (and/or any of its affiliates) pursuant
to Section 7 hereof (or upon any other sale of the Company Option), exceed
$30,000,000, an amount equal to all Net Proceeds in excess of such amount shall
be promptly remitted by Parent to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement,
"Net Proceeds" shall mean the aggregate proceeds received from the Company from
the sale or other

                                      D-2

disposition of shares of Company Common Stock acquired by Parent (and/or any of
its affiliates) upon exercise of the Company Option (plus any securities or
other assets issued to Parent (and/or any of its affiliates) in exchange for or
as dividends upon such shares and any cash dividends received by Parent (and/or
any of its affiliates) with respect to such shares) less the Exercise Price
multiplied by the number of such shares included in such disposition.

         3. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING. The obligation of the Company to issue the
shares of Company Common Stock to Parent hereunder is subject to the conditions
that (a) all waiting periods, if any, under the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1975, as amended (the "HSR Act"), applicable to the issuance
of the shares of Company Common Stock by the Company and the acquisition of such
shares by Parent hereunder shall have expired or been terminated; (b) no
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order by any court of competent
jurisdiction prohibiting or otherwise restraining such issuance shall be in
effect; and (c) all consents, approvals, orders, authorizations and permits of
any federal, state, local or foreign governmental authority, if any, required in
connection with the issuance of the shares of Company Common Stock and the
acquisition of such shares by Parent hereunder shall have been obtained. It is
agreed that at any time during which Parent shall be entitled to deliver to the
Company an Exercise Notice, the parties will use their respective reasonable
best efforts to satisfy all conditions to any Closing so that such Closing may
take place as promptly as practicable.

         4. CLOSING. At any Closing:

                  (a) The Company shall deliver to Parent or its designee a
single certificate in definitive form representing the number of shares of
Company Common Stock designated by Parent in its Exercise Notice, such
certificate to be registered in the name of Parent and to bear the legend set
forth in Section 10 hereof;

                  (b) Parent shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares of Company Common Stock so designated and being purchased
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account or accounts
specified in writing by the Company or by certified or official bank check
payable to the order of the Company;

                  (c) Each party shall pay all expenses incurred by such party,
and Parent shall pay any and all federal, state and local taxes and other
charges that may be payable, in connection with the preparation, issue and
delivery by the Company of stock certificates under this Section 4; and

                  (d) The Company shall cause the shares being delivered by it
pursuant hereto to be approved for quotation on The Nasdaq National Market shall
pay all reasonable documented expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) in
connection with the application for approval of such quotation.

         5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company
represents and warrants to Parent that:

                                      D-3

                  (a) the Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio and has all
corporate power and authority required to enter into this Agreement and to carry
out its obligations hereunder;

                  (b) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company and
no action of the Company's stockholders are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby; this Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company, and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent and the receipt of
all required governmental approvals, constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
rights generally, and except that the availability of equitable remedies,
including specific performance, may be subject to the discretion of any court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought;

                  (c) except for any filings required under the HSR Act, the
Company has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize and reserve for
issuance and to permit it to issue, upon exercise of the Company Option, and at
all times from the date hereof through the expiration of the Company Option will
have reserved for issuance, a number of authorized and unissued shares of
Company Common Stock not less than the Option Number, such amount being subject
to adjustment as provided in Section 9 hereof, all of which, upon their issuance
and delivery in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable;

                  (d) the shares of Company Common Stock issued to Parent upon
the exercise of the Company Option will be, upon delivery thereof to Parent,
free and clear of all claims, liens, charges, encumbrances and security
interests of any nature whatsoever, excluding those created or imposed by
Parent;

                  (e) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company do not, and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not, violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of
any provision of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of
time, or both) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the
performance required by, or result in a right of termination, cancellation, or
acceleration of any obligation or the loss of a material benefit under, or the
creation of a lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance on assets
(any such violation, conflict, breach, default, termination, acceleration, right
of termination, cancellation or acceleration, loss, or creation, a "Violation")
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to (i) any provision of the
Company Charter or the Bylaws of the Company, (ii) any provision of any material
loan or material credit agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease, benefit
plan or other material agreement, obligation, instrument, permit, concession,
franchise or license (a "Material Contract") of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or to which any of them is a party or by which any of them or their
material properties or assets are bound, or (iii) any judgment, order,

                                      D-4

decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any of their material properties or assets;

                  (f) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company does not, and (except for the expiration or early termination of the
waiting period under the HSR Act and filings that may be required under federal
securities laws and except as contemplated by Sections 10(c), (d) and (e)
hereof) the performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby will not, require any consent, approval,
order, authorization or permit of, filing with, or notification to any
Governmental Entity; and

                  (g) assuming the representations and warranties of Parent
contained in Section 6(e) and 6(f) hereof are true and correct, the issuance,
sale and delivery of the shares of Company Common Stock hereunder would be
exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the
Securities Act, as in effect on the date hereof, and the Company shall not take
any action which would cause the issuance, sale, and delivery of shares of
Company Common Stock hereunder not to be exempt from such requirements.

         6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT. Parent represents and
warrants to the Company that:

                  (a) Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all
corporate power and authority required to enter into this Agreement and to carry
out its obligations hereunder;

                  (b) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and
the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent, and no
other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent and no action of Parent's
stockholders are necessary to authorize this Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby; this Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by Parent and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery hereof by the Company and the receipt of all required governmental
approvals, constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Parent, enforceable
against Parent in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and except that the
availability of equitable remedies, including specific performance, may be
subject to the discretion of any court before which any proceeding may be
brought;

                  (c) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent do
not, and the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby will
not, violate, conflict with, or result in the breach of any provision of, or
constitute a default (with or without notice or a lapse of time, or both) under,
or result in any Violation by Parent or any of its subsidiaries, pursuant to (i)
any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Parent, (ii) any
Material Contract of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or to which any of them
is a party or by which any of them or any of their properties or assets are
bound, or (iii) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to Parent or its properties or assets,

                                      D-5

which Violation, in the case of each of clauses (ii) or (iii), would have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect;

                  (d) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent
does not, and (except for the expiration or early termination of the waiting
period under the HSR Act and except as contemplated by Sections 8(c), (d) and
(e) hereof) the performance of this Agreement by Parent and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby will not, require any consent, approval,
order, authorization or permit of, filing with, or notification to any
Governmental Entity;

                  (e) any shares of Company Common Stock acquired by Parent upon
exercise of the Company Option will be acquired for Parent's own account, for
investment purposes only and will not be, and the Company Option is not being,
acquired by Parent with a view to the public distribution thereof, in violation
of any applicable provision of the Securities Act; and

                  (f) Parent is, and at the time of any exercise of the Company
Option will be, an "accredited investor" as defined in Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act.

         7. REPURCHASE RIGHT.

                  (a) At any time during which the Company Option is exercisable
pursuant to Section 2, Parent may, by delivering written notice to the Company
(the "Repurchase Notice"), require the Company to repurchase from Parent all or
any portion of the Company Option, as specified by Parent, at the Option
Repurchase Price (as defined below).

                  (b) For purposes of this Agreement, "Option Repurchase Price"
shall mean (i) the difference between the Exercise Price and the Market Price
(as defined below) as of the date of the applicable Repurchase Notice multiplied
by (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock purchasable pursuant to the
Company Option and covered by the applicable Repurchase Notice.

                  (c) For purposes of this Agreement, "Market Price" shall mean,
as of any date, the average per share closing sale price of the Company Common
Stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten (10) trading days immediately
preceding such date.

                  (d) In the event that Parent exercises its rights under this
Section 7, the Company shall, within ten (10) business days thereafter, pay the
Option Repurchase Price to Parent by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the account or accounts specified in writing by Parent; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required pursuant to this Section 7 to
pay to Parent an amount which, when combined with any Termination Fee paid to
Parent pursuant to Section 6.06(b) of the Merger Agreement and any Net Proceeds
received by Parent, exceeds $30,000,000.

                                      D-6

         8. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

                  (a) Following any exercise of the Company Option, Parent
and/or any transferee (a "Holder") may by written notice (the "Registration
Notice") to the Company request the Company to register under the Securities Act
all or any part of the Shares beneficially owned by the Holder(s) (the
"Registrable Securities") pursuant to a bona fide firm commitment underwritten
public offering in which the Holder(s) and the underwriters shall effect as wide
a distribution of such Registrable Securities as is reasonably practicable and
shall use reasonable efforts to prevent any person (including any "group" as
used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act)) and its affiliates from purchasing
through such offering Shares representing more than one percent (1%) of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock on a fully diluted basis (a
"Permitted Offering"); provided, however, that any such Registration Notice must
relate to a number of shares equal to at least two percent (2%) of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock on a fully diluted basis and that any
rights to require registration hereunder shall terminate with respect to any
shares that may be sold pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act.

                  (b) The Registration Notice shall include a certificate
executed by the Holder(s) and its or their proposed managing underwriter, which
underwriter shall be an investment banking firm of nationally recognized
standing (the "Manager"), stating that (i) they have a good faith intention to
commence promptly a Permitted Offering, and (ii) the Manager in good faith
believes that, based on the then-prevailing market conditions, it will be able
to sell the Registrable Securities to the public in a Permitted Offering within
one hundred twenty (120) days at a per share price equal to at least eighty
percent (80%) of the average per share closing sale price of the Company C