URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1004985/000095013101502134/0000950131-01-502134.txt

		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3142597000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8400 MARYLAND AVE
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAMPBELL TAGGART INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960328

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EARTHGRAINS CO /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001004985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				363201045
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0326

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC 14D9

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8400 MARYLAND AVE
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3142597000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8400 MARYLAND AVE
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAMPBELL TAGGART INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960328

SC 14D9

dsc14d9.txt

SCHEDULE 14D9

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                 SCHEDULE 14D-9

                  Solicitation/Recommendation Statement Under
            Section 14(d)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                            THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY
                           (Name of Subject Company)

                            THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY
                      (Name of Person(s) Filing Statement)

                         Common Stock, Par Value $0.01
                         (Title of Class of Securities)

                                  270319-10-6
                     (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                               Joseph M. Noelker
            Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
                            The Earthgrains Company
                              8400 Maryland Avenue
                              St. Louis, MO 63105
                                 (314) 259-7000
   (Name, address and telephone number of person authorized to receive notice
        and communications on behalf of the person(s) filing statement)

                                    Copy to:

                            Francis J. Aquila, Esq.
                              Sullivan & Cromwell
                                125 Broad Street
                            New York, New York 10004
                                 (212) 558-4000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Item 1. Subject Company Information.

  The name of the subject company is The Earthgrains Company, a Delaware
corporation ("Earthgrains"), and the address of the principal executive
offices of Earthgrains is 8400 Maryland Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri 63105-
3668. The telephone number for Earthgrains' principal executive offices is
(314) 259-7000. The title of the class of equity securities to which this
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (this "Statement")
relates is Earthgrains' common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
"Shares"), together with the associated rights (the "Rights") to purchase
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the "Junior Preferred Stock")
issued pursuant to that certain Rights Agreement, dated February 22, 1996,
between Earthgrains and Boatmen's Trust Company (as amended from time to time,
the "Rights Agreement"). Unless the context otherwise requires, all references
to Shares include the Rights, and all references to the Rights include the
benefits that may inure to the holders of the Rights pursuant to the Rights
Agreement.

  There were 42,648,084 Shares outstanding on June 29, 2001.

Item 2. Identity and Background of Filing Person.

  (a) The name and address of Earthgrains, which is the person filing this
statement, are set forth in Item 1 above.

  (b) This Statement relates to a tender offer by SLC Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation ("SLC") and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Sara Lee
Corporation, a company organized under the laws of Maryland ("Sara Lee"),
under which SLC is offering to purchase all of the Shares at a price of $40.25
per share (the "Offer Price"), net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the offer documents, dated July 3, 2001
(which, as amended or supplemented from time to time, together constitute the
"Offer"). None of Sara Lee, SLC or any of their affiliates are affiliated with
Earthgrains. The Offer is described in a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Schedule TO"), filed by
Sara Lee and SLC with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2001.

  The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of June 29, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Sara Lee, SLC and
Earthgrains. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that following
the completion of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of the other
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the
applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"),
SLC will be merged with and into Earthgrains (the "Merger"). Following the
completion of the Merger, Earthgrains will be an indirect, wholly owned
subsidiary of Sara Lee. At the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective
Time"), each Share (other than shares owned by Sara Lee, any of its
subsidiaries (including SLC), Earthgrains (as treasury stock), and Shares held
by stockholders who properly demand appraisal and comply with provisions of
Section 262 of the DGCL relating to dissenters' rights of appraisal) will be
converted into the right to receive the same amount in cash per Share that is
paid pursuant to the Offer (the "Merger Consideration"). A copy of the Merger
Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the Schedule TO, which is being
mailed to stockholders together with this Statement, and is incorporated
herein by reference.

  As set forth in the Schedule TO, the principal executive offices of Sara Lee
are located at Three First National Plaza, Suite 4600, Chicago, IL 60602-4260.

  All information contained or incorporated by reference in this Statement
concerning Sara Lee or SLC, including but not limited to information with
respect to the respective directors and executive officers of Sara Lee and SLC
or actions or events with respect to any of them, was provided by Sara Lee or
SLC, respectively, and Earthgrains takes no responsibility for such
information. Information contained in the Offer and this Statement with
respect to Earthgrains and its advisors has been provided by Earthgrains.

Item 3. Past Contracts, Transactions, Negotiations and Agreements.

  Certain contracts, agreements, arrangements or understandings between
Earthgrains or its affiliates and certain of its directors and executive
officers are described in Earthgrains Proxy Statement, dated June 18, 2001,
relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on July 13, 2001
(the "Proxy Statement") under the headings "Report of the Compensation and
Human Resources Committee," "Summary Compensation Table," "Pension Plan Table"
and "Executive Agreements." Such portions of the Proxy Statement are
incorporated herein by reference. Except as described below or incorporated
herein by reference, to the best knowledge of Earthgrains, as of the date
hereof, there are no material contracts, agreements, arrangements or
understandings or any actual or potential conflicts of interest, between
Earthgrains, or its affiliates, and (i) its executive officers, directors or
affiliates or (ii) Sara Lee, SLC, or their executive officers, directors or
affiliates.

The Merger Agreement

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger Agreement,
a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Schedule TO. The summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is
incorporated by reference herein. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in the Merger Agreement.

The Offer. The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer. The
obligation of SLC to accept for payment and pay for Shares tendered pursuant
to the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition (as
defined herein) and certain other conditions that are set forth in the Merger
Agreement.

Directors. The Merger Agreement provides that promptly upon the purchase of
and payment for Shares pursuant to the Offer, Sara Lee will be entitled to
elect or designate such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole
number, on the Earthgrains board of directors (the "Board") as is equal to the
product of (i) the total number of directors on the Board (giving effect to
the directors designated by Sara Lee pursuant to the Merger Agreement) and
(ii) the percentage that the number of Shares so purchased and paid for bears
to the total number of Shares then outstanding (on a fully-diluted basis).
Earthgrains, at Sara Lee's request, must either take all actions necessary to
promptly increase the size of the Board, secure the resignations of such
number of directors or any combination of the foregoing, as is necessary to
enable Sara Lee designees to be elected or designated to the Board and will
cause Sara Lee designees to be so elected or designated.

Each of Sara Lee, SLC and Earthgrains agrees to use its reasonable best
efforts to ensure that at least three of the members of the Board are, at all
times before the Effective Time, directors of Earthgrains who were members of
the Board on the date of the Merger Agreement (the "Continuing Directors").
If, however, there are in office fewer than three Continuing Directors for any
reason, the Board will take all action necessary to cause a person designated
by the remaining Continuing Directors to fill such vacancy, which person shall
be deemed to be a Continuing Director, or if no Continuing Directors remain,
the other directors of Earthgrains then in office will designate two persons
to fill the vacancies who are not officers or employees or affiliates of
Earthgrains, Sara Lee or SLC or any of their respective subsidiaries or
affiliates and such persons will be deemed to be Continuing Directors.

Following the election or appointment of Sara Lee's designees to the Board and
until the Effective Time, the approval of a majority of the Continuing
Directors will be required to authorize any: (i) termination of the Merger
Agreement by Earthgrains; (ii) amendment of the Merger Agreement by the Board;
(iii) extension by Earthgrains of time for performance of any obligation or
action under the Merger Agreement by Sara Lee or SLC; (iv) waiver by
Earthgrains of compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained
in the Merger Agreement for the benefit of Earthgrains or its stockholders;
(v) consent by the Board under the Merger Agreement, or (vi) other action of
Earthgrains under the Merger Agreement or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement that adversely affects the holders of
Shares (other than Sara Lee and SLC).

The Merger.  The Merger Agreement provides that the Merger will become
effective not later than the later of (i) as soon as practicable (taking into
consideration the exercise of Options (as defined below) (but in no event
later than five business days) after the expiration of the Offer (or the
expiration of any "subsequent offering period" if SLC elects to provide such a
"subsequent offering period") and (ii) the second business day after
satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in the Merger
Agreement. At the Effective Time, SLC will be merged with and into Earthgrains
with Earthgrains being the surviving corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving
Corporation"). Following the Merger, the separate existence of SLC will cease,
and Earthgrains will continue as the Surviving Corporation, wholly owned by
Sara Lee.

If required by the DGCL, Earthgrains will call and hold a meeting of its
stockholders promptly following consummation of the Offer for the purpose of
voting upon the approval of the Merger Agreement. At any such meeting all
Shares then owned by Sara Lee or SLC or any other subsidiary of Sara Lee will
be voted in favor of approval of the Merger Agreement.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each Share outstanding at the Effective Time
(other than Shares owned by Sara Lee or any of its subsidiaries or by
Earthgrains or any of its subsidiaries, all of which will be cancelled, and
other than Shares that are held by stockholders, if any, who properly exercise
their dissenters' rights under the DGCL) will be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration. Stockholders who perfect their dissenters'
rights under the DGCL will be entitled to the amounts determined pursuant to
such proceedings.

Representations and Warranties. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Earthgrains
has made customary representations and warranties to Sara Lee and SLC,
including representations relating to: organization; subsidiaries and
affiliates; capitalization; corporate authorizations; board approvals; vote
required; consents and approvals, no violations; SEC filings; financial
statements; absence of certain changes; absence of undisclosed liabilities;
litigation; employee benefit plans; taxes; contracts; real and personal
property; intellectual property; labor; compliance with laws; condition of
assets; customers and suppliers; environmental matters; the opinion of
Earthgrains' financial advisor; insurance; brokers and investment bankers; and
the Rights Agreement.

Certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement made by
Earthgrains are qualified as to "materiality," "Company Material Adverse
Effect" or "Company Material Adverse Change." For purposes of the Merger
Agreement, the term "Company Material Adverse Effect" or "Company Material
Adverse Change" means any change, event or effect, as the case may be, that is
materially adverse to (i) the business, operations, properties (including
intangible properties), financial condition, results of operations, assets or
liabilities of Earthgrains and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii)
Earthgrains' ability to consummate each of the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement; provided, that in no event shall any of the following
(alone or in combination with another event identified in this proviso) be
deemed to constitute, nor shall any of the following be taken into account in
determining whether there has been or will be, a Company Material Adverse
Effect: any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect that
results from or arises out of the public announcement or pendency of the
Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated in the Merger
Agreement.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sara Lee and SLC have made customary
representations and warranties to Earthgrains, including representations
relating to: organization; corporate authorizations; consents and approvals,
no violations; brokers and financing. Certain representations and warranties
in the Merger Agreement made by Sara Lee and SLC are qualified as to
"materiality."

Earthgrains Conduct of Business Covenants. The Merger Agreement provides that,
except as expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement, required by
applicable law, or consented to in writing by Sara Lee (which consent will not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed) after the date of the Merger Agreement,
and prior to the earlier of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms and (ii) the time the designees of Sara Lee
constitute a majority of the Board:

  (a)  the business of Earthgrains and it subsidiaries will be conducted only
       in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and
       each of Earthgrains and its subsidiaries will use its reasonable
       efforts

     to preserve its present business organization intact and maintain good
     relations with customers, suppliers, employees, contractors,
     distributors and others having business dealings with it;

  (b)  Earthgrains will not, directly or indirectly, (i) except upon exercise
       of the options or other rights to purchase Shares pursuant to the
       option plan outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement or for the
       issuance of Shares pursuant to the terms of Options outstanding under
       the plans in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement, issue, sell,
       transfer or pledge or agree to sell, transfer or pledge any treasury
       stock of Earthgrains or any capital stock of any of its subsidiaries
       beneficially owned by it, (ii) amend its Certificate of Incorporation
       or Bylaws or similar organizational documents; or (iii) split, combine
       or reclassify the Shares or any outstanding capital stock of
       Earthgrains;

  (c)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will: (i) declare, set
       aside or pay any dividend or other distribution payable in cash, stock
       or property with respect to its capital stock, except, with respect to
       Earthgrains, for regular quarterly dividends in an amount not to
       exceed $0.07 per Share; (ii) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or
       encumber any additional shares of, or securities convertible into or
       exchangeable for, or options, warrants or rights of any kind to
       acquire, any shares of capital stock of Earthgrains or any of its
       subsidiaries, other than Shares reserved for issuance on the date of
       the Merger Agreement pursuant to the exercise of the Options
       outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement; (iii) transfer,
       lease, license, sell, mortgage, pledge, dispose of, or encumber any of
       its material assets, or incur or modify any material indebtedness or
       other liability, other than in the ordinary course of business
       consistent with past practice; or (iv) redeem, purchase or otherwise
       acquire any shares of its capital stock, or any instrument which
       includes a right to acquire such shares except in connection with the
       exercise of repurchase rights or rights of first refusal in favor of
       Earthgrains with respect to Shares issued upon exercise of Options
       granted under the option plan;

  (d)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will change the
       compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to any of its
       officers, directors or employees (other than increases in wages to
       employees who are not directors or affiliates, in the ordinary course
       of business consistent with past practice, as required by any
       collective bargaining agreement), enter into or amend any employment,
       severance, consulting, termination or other agreement or employee
       benefit plan or make any loans to any of its officers, directors,
       employees or affiliates or change its existing borrowing or lending
       arrangements for or on behalf of any of such persons pursuant to an
       employee benefit plan or otherwise, other than such actions taken in
       the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

  (e)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will pay or arrange
       for payment of any pension, retirement allowance or other employee
       benefit pursuant to any existing plan, agreement or arrangement to any
       officer, director, employee or affiliate or pay or make any
       arrangement for payment to any officers, directors, employees or
       affiliates of Earthgrains of any amount relating to unused vacation
       days, except payments and accruals made in the ordinary course of
       business consistent with past practice; adopt or pay, grant, issue,
       accelerate or accrue salary or other payments or benefits pursuant to
       any pension, profit-sharing, bonus, extra compensation, incentive,
       deferred compensation, stock purchase, stock option, stock
       appreciation right, group insurance, severance pay, retirement or
       other employee benefit plan, agreement or arrangement, or any
       employment or consulting agreement with or for the benefit of any
       Earthgrains director, officer or employee, whether past or present, or
       amend in any material respect any such existing plan, agreement or
       arrangement in a manner inconsistent with the foregoing;

  (f)  Earthgrains will not, in any material respect, modify, amend or
       terminate any of its material agreements, and neither Earthgrains nor
       any of its subsidiaries will waive, release or assign any material
       rights or claims under any such agreements;

  (g)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will permit any
       material insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payee
       to be cancelled or terminated without notice to Sara Lee;

  (h)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will (i) incur or
       assume any long-term indebtedness or any short-term indebtedness
       (which will not include trade payables) (except for short-term
       indebtedness for working capital in the ordinary course of business
       not to exceed $50,000,000 in the aggregate); (ii) assume, guarantee,
       endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly,
       contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person,
       other than in an immaterial amount; (iii) make any loans, advances or
       capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person other
       than in an immaterial amount; (iv) acquire (by merger, consolidation
       or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation, partnership or
       other business organization or division thereof or any equity interest
       therein; or (v) enter into any material commitment or transaction
       (including, but not limited to, any borrowing, capital expenditure or
       purchase, sale or lease of assets or real estate);

  (i)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will enter into or
       modify any collective bargaining agreement or any successor collective
       bargaining agreement to any collective bargaining agreement other than
       in the ordinary course of business;

  (j)  Earthgrains and each of its subsidiaries will timely and properly
       file, or timely and properly file requests for extensions to file, all
       federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which are required to be
       filed, and pay or make provision for the payment of all taxes owed by
       them;

  (k)  Earthgrains will not waive, amend or otherwise alter the Rights
       Agreement or redeem the Rights;

  (l)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will change any of the
       accounting methods used by it except for such changes required by GAAP
       or make any tax election or change any tax election already made,
       adopt any tax accounting method, change any tax accounting method,
       enter into any closing agreement or settle any material claim or
       material assessment relating to taxes or consent to any claim or
       assessment relating to taxes or any waiver of the statute of
       limitations for any such claim or assessment;

  (m)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will pay, discharge or
       satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (whether absolute,
       accrued, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge
       or satisfaction of any such claims, liabilities or obligations, in the
       ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or of
       claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in,
       or contemplated by, the consolidated financial statements (or the
       notes thereto) of Earthgrains;

  (n)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will adopt a plan of
       complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation,
       restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of Earthgrains
       or any of its subsidiaries (other than the Merger);

  (o)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will take, or agree in
       writing or otherwise to take, any action that would or is reasonably
       likely to result in any of the conditions to the Merger or any of the
       conditions to the Offer not being satisfied, or would make any
       representation or warranty of Earthgrains in the Merger Agreement
       inaccurate in any material respect at or prior to the Effective Time,
       or that would materially impair the ability of Earthgrains to
       consummate the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger
       Agreement or materially delay such consummation; and

  (p)  neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will enter into any
       agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the
       foregoing, or authorize, recommend, propose, in writing or announce an
       intention to do any of the foregoing.

Furthermore, neither Earthgrains nor any of its subsidiaries will make any
capital expenditure which is not in all material respects in accordance with
the annual budget for the fiscal year 2002.

The Merger Agreement does not prohibit any wholly-owned direct or indirect
subsidiary of Earthgrains from paying cash dividends or making other cash
distributions to Earthgrains or any wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary
of Earthgrains in the ordinary course of business consistent with Earthgrains'
cash management procedures.

No Solicitation. Earthgrains agreed to immediately cease any and all existing
discussions, negotiations and communications with any person with respect to
any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below). Except as provided in the Merger
Agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (as defined below), from the
date of the Merger Agreement until the earlier of the termination of the
Merger Agreement or the Effective Time, Earthgrains will not and it will not
authorize or permit its officers, directors, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants or other agents to directly or indirectly (i) initiate,
solicit or knowingly encourage, or knowingly take any action to facilitate the
making of, any offer or proposal which constitutes or which may be reasonably
likely to lead to any third-party Acquisition Proposal or (ii) enter into any
agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) in the event of
an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal for Earthgrains, engage in negotiations or
discussions with, or provide any information or data to, any person (other
than Sara Lee or any of its affiliates or representatives) relating to any
Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Merger Agreement does
not prevent Earthgrains or the Board from (i) in the event of an unsolicited
Acquisition Proposal, requesting from the third party such information as may
be reasonably necessary for the Board to inform themselves as to the material
terms of such Acquisition Proposal for the sole purpose of determining whether
such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal, provided, that the
Board has determined, in good faith after being advised by outside legal
counsel, that taking such action with respect to an Acquisition Proposal from
such third party is necessary in order for the Board to discharge its
fiduciary duties under applicable law and upon receipt of such information
requested from the third party, neither Earthgrains nor any of its
representatives will be permitted to engage in any further discussion or
negotiations with any such third party in violation of the Merger Agreement,
(ii) taking (and disclosing to Earthgrains' stockholders) its position with
respect to a tender or exchange offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9
and 14e-2 under the Exchange Act or (iii) making such disclosure to
Earthgrains' stockholders as in the good-faith judgment of the Board, after
receipt of advice from outside legal counsel to Earthgrains, that such
disclosure is necessary for the Board to comply with its fiduciary duties
under applicable law. As used in the Merger Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal"
means any tender or exchange offer involving Earthgrains, any proposal for a
merger, consolidation or other business combination involving Earthgrains, or
any proposal or offer to acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest
in, or a substantial portion of the business or assets of, Earthgrains, any
proposal or offer with respect to any recapitalization or restructuring with
respect to Earthgrains or any proposal or offer with respect to any other
transaction similar to any of the foregoing with respect to Earthgrains.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the acceptance of Shares pursuant to
the Offer, Earthgrains may furnish information concerning its business,
properties or assets to any person pursuant to a confidentiality agreement
with terms no less favorable to Earthgrains than those contained in its
confidentiality agreement with Sara Lee (other than with respect to any
standstill provision contained therein), and may negotiate and participate in
discussions and negotiations with such person concerning an Acquisition
Proposal if, but only if, (i) such Acquisition Proposal is reasonably likely
to be consummated (taking into account the legal aspects of the proposal, the
person making the Acquisition Proposal and approvals required in connection
therewith); (ii) such entity or group has on an unsolicited basis, and in the
absence of any violation of these restrictions by Earthgrains, submitted a
bona fide, fully financed, written proposal to Earthgrains relating to any
such transaction which the Board determines in good faith, after receiving
advice from Earthgrains' financial advisors, is more favorable than the Offer
to Earthgrains' stockholders from a financial point of view, and (iii) in the
good faith opinion of the Board, after consultation with outside legal counsel
to Earthgrains, providing such information or access or engaging in such
discussions or negotiations is in the best interests of Earthgrains and its
stockholders and necessary in order for the Board to discharge its fiduciary
duties to Earthgrains' stockholders under applicable law (an Acquisition
Proposal which satisfies clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) is referred to in the
Merger Agreement as a "Superior Proposal"). Earthgrains shall promptly, and in
any event within two business days following receipt of a Superior Proposal
and prior to providing any such party with any material non-public
information, notify Earthgrains of the receipt of the same. Earthgrains shall
promptly provide to Sara Lee any material non-public information regarding
Earthgrains provided to any other party which was not previously provided to
Sara Lee, such additional information to be provided no later than the date
its is provided to the other party.

The Merger Agreement provides that neither the Board nor any committee thereof
shall (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner
adverse to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, to Sara Lee
or to SLC, the approval or recommendation by the Board of the Offer, the
Merger Agreement or the Merger, (ii) approve or recommend or propose to
approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter into any
agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, prior to the time of acceptance for payment of Shares in the Offer,
the Board may withdraw or modify its approval or recommendation of the Offer,
the Merger Agreement or the Merger, approve or recommend a Superior Proposal,
or enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal (an
"Acquisition Agreement"), in each case at any time after the third business
day following Earthgrains' delivery to Sara Lee of written notice advising
Sara Lee that the Board has received a Superior Proposal, specifying the
material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal and identifying the
person making such Superior Proposal. Earthgrains may not enter into an
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal unless Earthgrains complies with
the procedures for terminating the Merger Agreement described below.

Earthgrains may terminate the Merger Agreement and enter into an Acquisition
Agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, if, prior to any such
termination, (i) Earthgrains has provided Sara Lee with written notice that it
intends to terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into a Superior Proposal,
identifying the Superior Proposal and the parties thereto and delivering a
copy of the Acquisition Agreement for such Superior Proposal in the form to be
entered into, (ii) within a period of three business days following the
delivery of this notice, Sara Lee does not propose adjustments in the terms
and conditions of the Merger Agreement and Earthgrains shall have caused its
financial and legal advisors to negotiate with Sara Lee in good faith such
proposed adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement which
the Board determines in its good faith judgment (after receiving the advice of
its financial advisor) to be as favorable to Earthgrains' stockholders as such
Superior Proposal, and (iii) at least three full business days after
Earthgrains has provided the notice referred to above, Earthgrains delivers to
Sara Lee (A) a written notice of termination of the Merger Agreement and (B) a
wire transfer of immediately available funds in the amount of the termination
fee described below.

The Merger Agreement also provides that Earthgrains agrees to promptly notify
Sara Lee of any inquiry or request for negotiations or discussions in
connection with an Acquisition Proposal. Earthgrains also may not terminate,
amend, modify or waive any standstill or confidentiality agreements between
Earthgrains and any other party entered into prior to the date of the Merger
Agreement.

Insurance and Indemnification. The Merger Agreement provides that, for a
period of six years after the Effective Time, Sara Lee will, or will cause the
Surviving Corporation (or any successor to the Surviving Corporation) to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present and former directors and
officers of Earthgrains and its subsidiaries, and persons who become any of
the foregoing prior to the Effective Time (each an "Indemnified Party")
against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, fees and expenses
(including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) and judgments, fines,
losses, claims, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement arising out of or
in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding, or investigation,
whether criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, arising out of any
acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement). Sara Lee is not required
to indemnify any Indemnified Party if it is determined that the Indemnified
Party acted in bad faith and not in a manner such party believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of Earthgrains. Sara Lee will also advance
expenses as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law,
provided the person to whom such advances are made provides an undertaking to
repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not
entitled to indemnification.

The Merger Agreement provides that Sara Lee or the Surviving Corporation will
maintain Earthgrains' existing officers' and directors' liability insurance
("D&O Insurance") for a period of not less than three years after the
Effective Time. Sara Lee may, however, substitute policies of substantially
equivalent coverage and amounts containing terms no less favorable to such
former directors or officers; provided, further, that if the existing D&O
Insurance expires or is terminated or cancelled during such period, then Sara
Lee or the Surviving Corporation

will use reasonable best efforts to obtain substantially similar D&O
Insurance. In no event, however, will Sara Lee be required to pay aggregate
premiums for such insurance in excess of 150% of the average of the aggregate
premiums paid by Earthgrains in 1998, 1999 and 2000 on an annualized basis for
such purpose (the "Average Premium"). If Sara Lee or the Surviving Corporation
is unable to obtain the amount of insurance required for such Average Premium,
Sara Lee or the Surviving Corporation must obtain as much insurance as can be
obtained for an annual premium not in excess of 150% of the Average Premium.

Consents and Approvals. The Merger Agreement provides that Sara Lee, SLC and
Earthgrains will take all reasonable actions necessary to comply promptly with
all legal requirements which may be imposed on it with
respect to the Merger Agreement, including furnishing all information required
under the HSR Act, under the ECMR and in connection with approvals of or
filings with any other Governmental Entity (as defined below) and will
promptly cooperate with and, subject to such confidentiality agreements as may
be reasonably necessary or requested, furnish information to each other or
their counsel in connection with any such requirements imposed upon any of
them or any of their subsidiaries in connection with the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement
further provides that each of Earthgrains, Sara Lee and SLC will, and will
cause their respective subsidiaries to, take all reasonable actions necessary
to obtain (and shall cooperate with each other in obtaining) any consent,
authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption by, any Governmental
Entity or other public or private third party required to be obtained or made
by Sara Lee, SLC, Earthgrains or any of their respective subsidiaries in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the
taking of any action contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

The Merger Agreement provides that each of Earthgrains, SLC and Sara Lee will
take all reasonable actions necessary to file as soon as practicable
notifications under the HSR Act, under the ECMR or under comparable merger
notification laws under foreign jurisdictions, and to respond as promptly as
practicable to any inquiries received from the Federal Trade Commission or the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or any authorities of such
other foreign jurisdictions for additional information or documentation and to
respond as promptly as practicable to all inquiries and requests received from
any State Attorney General or other Governmental Entity in connection with
antitrust or competition matters. Sara Lee, SLC and Earthgrains further agree
to cooperate and to take promptly any and all commercially reasonable steps to
resolve any issues arising under the HSR Act, the ECMR or any other comparable
laws of foreign jurisdictions so as to enable the parties to expeditiously
close the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. If any
administrative or judicial action or proceeding, including any proceeding by a
private party, is instituted (or threatened to be instituted) challenging any
of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement as violative of any
such laws, Sara Lee, SLC and Earthgrains will cooperate in all respects with
each other and use their respective reasonable best efforts to contest and
resist any such action or proceeding so as to permit consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including defending against
any litigation brought by a Governmental Entity seeking to prevent the
consummation of the transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other
covenant in the Merger Agreement, in connection with the receipt of any
necessary approvals under the HSR Act, the ECMR or any other comparable laws
of foreign jurisdictions, neither Sara Lee nor Earthgrains will be required to
divest or hold separate or otherwise take or commit to take any action that
limits Sara Lee's or Earthgrains' freedom of action with respect to, or their
ability to retain, Earthgrains or any material portions thereof or any of the
businesses, product lines, material properties or material assets of
Earthgrains or Sara Lee.

The Merger Agreement also provides that the parties will use reasonable best
efforts to obtain in a timely manner all other necessary waivers, consents and
approvals and to effect all necessary registrations and filings, and to use
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all other actions and
to do, or cause to be done, all other things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. However, no party is required to waive
or exercise any right that is waivable or exercisable in the party's sole
discretion.

Employee Stock Options and Other Employee Benefits. The Merger Agreement
provides that, prior to the Effective Time, Earthgrains shall have taken all
necessary actions so that at the Effective Time, each unexpired and
unexercised stock option under Earthgrains' option plan, or otherwise granted
by Earthgrains outside of such

option plan (the "Options"), will be assumed by Sara Lee as of the Effective
Time. At the Effective Time, each Option will be automatically converted into
an option (the "New Parent Option") to purchase common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of Sara Lee (the "Parent Common Shares"). With respect to each such
New Parent Option (i) the number of Parent Common Shares subject to such New
Parent Option will be determined by multiplying the number of Shares subject
to such Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by the Option Exchange
Ratio (as defined below), and rounding any fractional share up to the nearest
whole share (except as otherwise required by law), and (ii) the per share
exercise price of such New Parent Option will be determined by dividing the
exercise price per share specified in the Option by the Option Exchange Ratio,
and rounding the exercise price thus determined up to the nearest whole cent.
New Parent Options will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions
as such Option. The "Option Exchange Ratio" means the Offer Price divided by
the average of the closing prices per Parent Common Share as reported on the
New York Stock Exchange composite transactions reporting system for each of
the ten consecutive trading days in the period ending five days prior to the
Effective Time. Sara Lee will file a registration statement with respect to
the New Parent Options no later than the Effective Time and accordingly all
such New Parent Options will be immediately exercisable following the
Effective Time.

For the purposes of its employee benefit plans, Sara Lee will cause such plans
to waive any preexisting condition which was waived under the terms of any of
Earthgrains' employee benefit plans immediately prior to the closing of the
Merger or waiting period limitation which would otherwise be applicable to an
Earthgrains employee on or after the closing of the Merger.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sara Lee has agreed (i) from the Effective
Time through and including December 31, 2002, that Earthgrains employees will
be provided with salary and employee benefit plans (other than plans providing
for retiree medical benefits, incentive pay plans, plans involving the
issuance of equity and plans that provide for payments or benefits upon a
change in control) that are no less favorable in the aggregate than the
benefits currently provided by Earthgrains or any of its subsidiaries,
provided, however, that during such period, the employees of Earthgrains will
be provided with salary and benefits that are no less favorable in the
aggregate than the benefits, including, but not limited to, retiree medical
benefits, provided by Sara Lee to its similarly-situated employees (except in
the case of employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement who shall
be subject to the applicable collective bargaining agreement); (ii) to cause
Earthgrains to honor all agreements and arrangements with respect to any
current and former employees, officers and directors of Earthgrains or its
subsidiaries; (iii) to recognize time served with Earthgrains or any of its
subsidiaries for all purposes under the applicable benefit plans of Sara Lee
or its subsidiaries (but not for level of benefit accrual under any defined
benefit plans or as would result in duplication of benefits); and (iv) to
cause Earthgrains to provide to any employee terminated on or before December
31, 2002 severance benefits on terms and conditions and in amounts that are
not less favorable than those provided by Earthgrains. Earthgrains also agrees
to use its best efforts to eliminate, prior to the Effective Time, any
requirement for funding a rabbi trust in connection with a change of control
of Earthgrains.

Conditions to the Merger. The Merger Agreement provides that the obligations
of Sara Lee, SLC and Earthgrains to consummate the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions at or prior to the Effective Time,
any and all of which may be waived in whole or in part by Sara Lee, SLC and
Earthgrains:

  (a)  If required under the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
       of Earthgrains, the approval of the Merger by the requisite vote of
       Earthgrains' stockholder shall have been obtained.

  (b)  The absence of any injunction or action entered by any Governmental
       Entity which prohibits the consummation of the Merger.

  (c)  SLC shall have purchased Shares pursuant to the Offer.

Neither Sara Lee nor SLC may invoke the last condition if SLC has failed in
violation of the terms of the Merger Agreement or the Offer to purchase Shares
tendered and not withdrawn.

Termination. The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
Effective Time:

  (a)  any time before the Effective Time, whether before or after
       stockholder approval, by mutual written consent of Sara Lee and
       Earthgrains;

  (b)  by either Sara Lee or Earthgrains (i) if, prior to the purchase of the
       Shares in the Offer, a court of competent jurisdiction or other
       Governmental Entity has issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any
       other action, in each case permanently restraining, enjoining or
       otherwise prohibiting any of the transactions contemplated by the
       Merger Agreement, (ii) if the Offer expires without any Shares being
       purchased, or (iii) if the Offer has not been consummated by March 31,
       2002; provided, however, that
     in the event that there is issued a "second request" under the HSR Act
     or commenced a "second phase investigation" under ECMR or similar
     request or investigation is made in connection with the review by any
     Governmental Entity of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
     Agreement under any comparable law of foreign jurisdictions, such date
     shall be extended to June 30, 2002; provided further, however, that the
     right to terminate the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii)
     above will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any
     obligation under the Merger Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted
     in, the failure of the Offer to be consummated by such date;

  (c)  by Sara Lee, at any time prior to the purchase of the Shares pursuant
       to the Offer, if (i) Earthgrains Board withdraws, modifies, or changes
       its recommendation in respect of the Merger Agreement, the Offer or
       the Merger in a manner adverse to the transactions contemplated by the
       Merger Agreement, to Sara Lee or to SLC, (ii) the Board has
       recommended any proposal other than by Sara Lee or SLC in respect of
       an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) the Board fails to affirm its
       recommendation in respect of the transactions contemplated by the
       Merger Agreement within five days of a request to do so by Sara Lee,
       (iv) Earthgrains violates or breaches any of its non-solicitation
       obligations described above, or (v) Earthgrains shall have breached
       any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in
       the Merger Agreement which (A) would permit Sara Lee and SLC to not
       purchase Shares in the Offer and (B) cannot be or has not been cured,
       in all material respects, within 30 days after the giving of written
       notice to Earthgrains; or

  (d)  by Earthgrains (i) to accept a Superior Proposal as described above,
       (ii) if SLC shall have failed to commence the Offer within 7 business
       days following the date of the Merger Agreement, unless such failure
       to commence the Offer is due to any action or failure to act on the
       part of Earthgrains or (iii) if, at any time prior to the purchase of
       the Shares in the Offer, Sara Lee or SLC shall have breached in any
       material respect any of the representations, warranties, covenants or
       agreements contained in the Merger Agreement and such breach cannot be
       or has not been cured, in all material respects, within 30 days after
       the giving of written notice to Sara Lee.

Fees and Expenses. If Sara Lee terminates the Merger Agreement (x) pursuant
paragraph (c) parts (i)-(iv) above under "-Termination" or (y) pursuant to
paragraph (b) part (ii) or (iii) above under "-Termination" and at the time of
such termination there is an outstanding Acquisition Proposal and within 9
months following such termination, Earthgrains executes a definitive agreement
with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or another person becomes the
beneficial owner of more than 15% of the Shares, then Earthgrains must pay
Sara Lee promptly a termination fee of $67 million. In the case of a
termination pursuant to Part (y) above, the termination fee must be paid on
the date the definitive agreement is executed and delivered or the date such
person becomes the beneficial owner of such Shares. Earthgrains must pay Sara
Lee the termination fee prior to such termination if Earthgrains terminates
the Merger Agreement pursuant to paragraph (d) part (i) above under
"-Termination."

Amendment. The Merger Agreement may be amended by written agreement of the
parties, but, after the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, any
amendment must be approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors as
described above and, after the approval of the Merger Agreement by the
stockholders of Earthgrains, no amendment may be made which by law requires
further approval by such stockholders without obtaining such further approval.

Benefits Matters

  Company Option Plan. The treatment of Earthgrains options is described above
under "The Merger Agreement--Employee Stock Options and Other Employee
Benefits."

  Employee Benefit Arrangements. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Sara Lee
has agreed that, during the period commencing on the Effective Time and ending
on December 31, 2002, the employees of Earthgrains will continue to be
provided with salary and benefits under employee benefit plans (other than
plans providing for retiree medical benefits, incentive pay plans, plans
involving the issuance of equity and plans that provide for payments or
benefits upon a change in control) that are no less favorable in the aggregate
than the benefits currently provided by Earthgrains. However, the salary and
benefits of Earthgrains employees during this period will be no less favorable
in the aggregate than the benefits (including retiree medical benefits)
provided by Sara Lee to similarly-situated employees of Sara Lee. Employees
covered by a collective bargaining agreement will not be provided these
benefits, but rather subject to the applicable collective bargaining
agreement. Sara Lee has also agreed to treat prior service of an employee as
service rendered to Sara Lee for purposes of all employee benefit plans,
programs and agreements maintained by or contributed to by Sara Lee. Such
employees will also be given credit for any deductible or co-payment amount in
respect of the plan year in which the Effective Time occurs, to the extent
that, following the Effective Time, they participate in any other plan for
which deductibles or co-payments are required. In addition, Sara Lee will
cause each Parent Plan (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to waive any
preexisting condition which was waived under the terms of any plan immediately
prior to the Effective Time or waiting period limitation which would otherwise
be applicable to an Earthgrains' employee on or after the Effective Time.

  Sara Lee has also agreed to cause Earthgrains to honor all contracts,
agreements, arrangements, policies, plans and commitments of Earthgrains
applicable to any current or former employee, officer, director or executive
of Earthgrains in accordance with their terms.

  Severance Arrangements. Earthgrains currently has Executive Severance
Agreements (each, a "Severance Agreement") with 17 executives. Each Severance
Agreement provides that the executive is to receive severance upon a
"qualifying termination" following a change in control of Earthgrains. If the
executive is terminated by Earthgrains other than for "cause" (as defined in
the Severance Agreements) within twenty-four months of a change in control,
the executive terminates employment for "good reason" (as defined in the
Severance Agreements) within twenty-four months of a change in control, or
Earthgrains breaches any of the provisions of the Severance Agreement, the
executive is entitled to receive certain severance benefits from Earthgrains.
Mr. Barry Beracha's Severance Agreement also provides that he is entitled to
severance if he terminates his employment for any reason during the thirty
days beginning on the first day of the eleventh month after the change in
control. Each executive's severance payments consist of cash payments equal to
two times (three times in the case of Mr. Beracha) the executive's highest
base salary and target annual bonus through termination. In addition, the
executive's welfare benefits (e.g. health and life insurance) would continue
for two years unless similar benefits are provided by a subsequent employer
before the end of the two year period (three years in the case of
Mr. Beracha), certain supplemental pension benefits would vest, Earthgrains
would be required to pay any excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of the
Internal Revenue Code in connection with the severance benefits, and the
executive would receive reimbursement for outplacement services obtained
within two years after termination up to the lesser of $50,000 or 15% of the
executive's base salary as of the date of termination (the lesser of $75,000
or 15% of base salary as of the date of termination in the case of Mr.
Beracha). Mr. Beracha will be subject to noncompetition and nonsolicitation
provisions during the term of his Severance Agreement through two years after
the termination of his employment. The purchase by Sara Lee of more than 30%
of the Shares in the Offer would constitute a change in control under the
Severance Agreements.

  Under all of the Severance Agreements except the Severance Agreements for
each of Mr. Rehkemper and Mr. Salamone, upon a change in control, Earthgrains
is required to deposit assets in a grantor trust in an amount equal to the
aggregate severance benefits to which the executive may be entitled, and the
trust will become irrevocable (which arrangement is known as a "rabbi" trust).
The Merger Agreement provides that Earthgrains will use its best efforts to
cause to be amended, prior to the Effective Time, any plans or agreements with
Earthgrains employees that provide for funding and creation of any such
irrevocable "rabbi" trust. A form of Severance Agreement for Mr. Beracha is
filed as Exhibit 7 to this Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
A form of Severance Agreement for each other executive (other than Messrs.
Rehkemper and Salamone, which are substantially identical to the form except
as described herein) is filed as Exhibit 8 to this statement and is
incorporated herein by reference.

  Deferred Compensation Arrangements. Under Earthgrains' Amended and Restated
Directors Deferred Fee Plan, directors are required to defer twenty-five
percent of their director's fees and may elect to defer an additional portion
of their directors fees as deferred stock units if earned on or after March
29, 2000 (fees are deferred as Phantom Stock Units if earned before March 29,
2000). Upon a change in control of Earthgrains, each director is entitled to a
lump sum payment of all account balances and Earthgrains would be required to
pay any excise or other special tax imposed in connection with the payment.
The purchase by Sara Lee of more than 30% of the Shares in the Offer would
constitute a change in control under the Directors Deferred Fee Plan.

  Under Earthgrains' Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, certain employees
may defer a portion of their base salary and bonus each year. Upon the
purchase by Sara Lee of more than 30% of the Shares in the Offer, which
purchase would constitute a change in control under the Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan, the Deferred Compensation Plan will continue in effect
unless terminated by Earthgrains or Sara Lee. Upon any subsequent change in
control, all participants will be entitled to a lump sum payment of any
amounts accrued in their accounts within thirty days after the change in
control.

  Stock Incentive Plan. Earthgrains' 1996 Stock Incentive Plan provides that
following an acceleration date (which will be at the same time as the change
in control under the Severance Agreements), any outstanding and unexercised
awards under the Stock Incentive Plan will vest and become fully exercisable.
The award agreements under the Stock Incentive Plan also provide that any non-
compete provisions terminate upon an acceleration date.

  Employee Stock Ownership Plan. Earthgrains' Employee Stock Ownership/401(k)
Plan provides that upon a change in control all participants will become
immediately vested in any unvested account balances. The purchase by Sara Lee
of more than 50% of the Shares in the Offer would constitute a change in
control under the Employee Stock Ownership/401(k) Plan. The Employee Stock
Ownership/401(k) Plan will be amended prior to the change in control to
clarify the procedures for tendering and voting shares and to conform such
procedures to the voting procedures contained in the Trust Agreement dated
December 7, 1999, by and among Earthgrains' Investment Committee, The Bank of
New York, and CTC Illinois Trust Company.

  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. Earthgrains' Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan provides that upon a change in control all participants will
become immediately vested in their total benefit amount and such amount shall
become payable upon an eligible termination. The purchase by Sara Lee of more
than 30% of the Shares in the Offer would constitute a change in control under
the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. Upon any subsequent change in
control, participants will become immediately vested in their total benefit
amount and will be entitled to a lump sum payment of such benefit within
thirty days after the subsequent change in control.

Item 4. The Solicitation or Recommendation.

  (a) Recommendation.

  The Board, at a Board meeting held on June 29, 2001, (i) adopted, approved
and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and approved the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the

Merger, (ii) determined that the Offer and the Merger are fair to, and in the
best interests of, the holders of Shares, and (iii) recommended that holders
of Shares accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer and
approve and adopt the Merger Agreement.

  The Board recommends the acceptance of the Offer by the stockholders of
Earthgrains. See "--Reasons for the Recommendation" for a discussion of the
factors considered by the Board in making its recommendation.

  A copy of a letter to stockholders communicating the Board's recommendation
is filed as Exhibit 2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

  (b) Background to the Offer; Reasons for the Recommendation

    (1) Background to the Offer

  In May 2000, Sara Lee announced plans to reshape its business and to look
for opportunities to acquire companies that would enhance its three major
global businesses, including its food and beverage business. In connection
with this plan, in early April 2001, Steve McMillan, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Sara Lee, telephoned Barry Beracha, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Earthgrains, to request a meeting where the two might
discuss business opportunities between Sara Lee and Earthgrains.

  On April 30, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Beracha in St. Louis to discuss
business opportunities, including a possible acquisition of Earthgrains by
Sara Lee. On May 1, Mr. McMillan met with Blair Effron of UBS Warburg LLC in
Chicago to discuss a potential transaction with Earthgrains. On May 2, Mr.
Beracha discussed his conversation with Mr. McMillan with several members of
the Board.

  On May 22, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Beracha in New York and they agreed
that Earthgrains would provide to Sara Lee additional information and
management presentations regarding Earthgrains during the following month to
permit Sara Lee to further evaluate a possible acquisition. Mr. Beracha and
Mr. McMillan also discussed the significant terms of any transaction,
including valuation, the headquarters of Earthgrains after the consummation of
a transaction and management issues.

  On May 29, Mr. McMillan met with Mr. Effron in New York to further discuss a
possible acquisition. On the same day, Sara Lee and Earthgrains entered into a
confidentiality agreement relating to the discussions among their management
and advisors.

  On June 6, 2001, in connection with continuing discussions relating to a
potential merger, members of Earthgrains management made a presentation to
management of Sara Lee concerning Earthgrains, its current and historic
financial performance and prospects. Additional meetings between certain
members of Earthgrains' management and Sara Lee's management occurred on June
8 regarding potential cost synergies in connection with a transaction.

  Between June 7 and June 27, Sara Lee and its representatives reviewed and
discussed with management of Earthgrains the business and financial condition
of Earthgrains and Sara Lee undertook its legal due diligence of Earthgrains.
On June 19, Earthgrains engaged UBS Warburg as its financial advisor with
respect to the sale of Earthgrains.

  On June 19, counsel for Sara Lee provided a draft of a merger agreement to
counsel for Earthgrains. Between June 23 and June 29, representatives of Sara
Lee and Earthgrains negotiated the provisions of the proposed merger
agreement.

  On June 26, 2001, all members of the Board participated in a conference call
which apprised the members of the progress of the ongoing discussions and
negotiations with Sara Lee. At that meeting Sullivan & Cromwell, legal advisor
to Earthgrains, reviewed the fiduciary duties of the Board in considering the
transaction with Sara Lee and reviewed the principal terms and conditions, as
well as the outstanding contractual

issues, with respect to the draft merger agreement. UBS Warburg LLC ("UBS
Warburg"), financial advisor to Earthgrains, presented financial valuation
information regarding the proposed transaction.

   On June 28, the Board of Directors of Sara Lee unanimously approved the
transaction and authorized proceeding with the Offer, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated thereby. Following the meeting Mr. McMillan met with
Mr. Beracha in St. Louis. At that meeting, Mr. McMillan proposed to Mr.
Beracha a price of $40.25 in cash for each outstanding Share.

  On June 29, 2001, the Board held a special meeting at which it considered
the proposed financial terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger. At
that meeting, Sullivan & Cromwell again reviewed the directors' fiduciary
duties in considering the proposed transaction and the principal terms and
conditions of the proposed transaction, including the principal terms and
conditions of the proposed merger agreement and the amendment to the Rights
Agreement. Members of Earthgrains' management reviewed with the Board the
historical financial performance and prospects of Earthgrains. UBS Warburg
further updated and advised the Board on financial valuation matters and
provided its opinion to the Board that, as of the date of such opinion and
subject to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken set forth in its written opinion, the $40.25 in cash per
Share to be received by the stockholders in the Offer and the Merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to such holders. The Board then discussed the
presentations it had received at this and other Board meetings, the drafts of
the various documents received at the meeting and further discussed the terms
and conditions of other business combinations in the baking industry deemed
relevant, the scope and history of negotiations and the other matters
described below under "Reasons for the Recommendation." The Board then
declared that the Offer and Merger were fair to, and in the best interests of
the stockholders, unanimously adopted, approved and declared advisable the
Merger Agreement, the Offer, the Merger, the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement and Amendment to the Rights Agreement and unanimously
resolved to recommend that the stockholders of Earthgrains tender their Shares
in the Offer.

  Later on June 29, the Merger Agreement was executed by Sara Lee, SLC and
Earthgrains.

  On July 2, Sara Lee and Earthgrains each issued press releases announcing
the transaction.

  On July 3, SLC commenced the Offer.

  During the Offer, Sara Lee and SLC intend to have ongoing contacts with
Earthgrains and its directors, officers and stockholders.

  (2) Reasons for the Recommendation

  In making the determination and recommendation described above, the Board
carefully considered a number of factors, including without limitation, the
following:

  .  the terms and conditions of the Offer and the Merger Agreement;

  .  the financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects
     of Earthgrains;

  .  the written opinion of UBS Warburg to the Board, dated as of June 29,
     2001, that, as of the date of the opinion, the $40.25 per share cash
     consideration to be received by the holders of Shares in the Offer and
     the Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.
     The full text of UBS Warburg's written opinion which sets forth the
     assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
     undertaken is filed as Annex A hereto and is incorporated herein by
     reference. UBS Warburg's opinion is addressed only to the Board, relates
     only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the $40.25 per
     share cash consideration, and does not constitute a recommendation to
     any stockholder as to whether or not such stockholder should tender
     shares in the Offer, how to vote with respect to the Merger Agreement or
     as to any other matters relating to the Offer or the Merger.
     STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE OPINION OF UBS WARBURG CAREFULLY AND
     IN ITS ENTIRETY;

  .  the trading history of the Shares since Earthgrains' initial public
     stock offering on March 26, 1996 and a comparison of that trading
     history with the stock trading histories of other companies in the
     baking industry and stock market indices that were deemed relevant;

  .  a comparison of the financial terms of the Offer and the Merger with the
     financial terms of certain other transactions in the baking industry
     that were deemed relevant;

  .  the current and prospective conditions and trends in the business
     sectors in which Earthgrains competes and anticipated effects of those
     conditions and trends on Earthgrains and its stockholders;

  .  the likelihood of the consummation of the Offer and the Merger and the
     limited conditions to the consummation of the Offer;

  .  the tax impact on Earthgrains' stockholders from their sale of Shares in
     the Offer or exchange of Shares pursuant to the Merger;

  .  the availability of, and the comparative risks and benefits to
     Earthgrains' stockholders from pursuing other strategic alternatives to
     maximize stockholder value, including remaining independent and
     executing Earthgrains' long-term strategic plan;

  .  the favorable impact of the acquisition on Earthgrains' non-stockholder
     constituencies, including employees, customers and the various
     communities in which it operates;

  .  the representation of Sara Lee that it will have sufficient funds to
     consummate the Offer and the Merger and the fact that the Offer is not
     subject to a financing condition;

  .  Sara Lee's commitment to contest and resist (including by defending any
     litigation) any action or proceeding brought by a governmental entity
     challenging the transactions;

  .  the fact that the Merger Agreement, although prohibiting Earthgrains
     from soliciting or engaging in negotiations concerning any Acquisition
     Proposal, permits Earthgrains to furnish information concerning its
     business and enter into discussions or negotiations with any third party
     in response to a written Superior Proposal; and

  .  the provisions in the Merger Agreement that require Earthgrains to pay
     Sara Lee a termination fee of $67 million if the Merger Agreement is
     terminated under certain circumstances, which the Board recognized could
     have the effect of impeding other offers, but which the Board believed
     to be within the range of reasonable termination fees provided for in
     comparable transactions and not to be a significant deterrent to
     competing offers.

  The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
Board is not intended to be exhaustive but includes material factors
considered by the Board in approving the Merger Agreement, the Offer, the
Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby and in recommending that
stockholders of Earthgrains tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer. The
Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specific factors considered. In addition,
individual members of the Board may have given different weights to different
factors.

  (c) Intent to Tender. After reasonable inquiry, to the best of Earthgrains'
knowledge, each executive officer, director, affiliate and subsidiary of
Earthgrains currently intends, subject to compliance with applicable law,
including Section 16(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, to tender all Shares held of record or beneficially owned by such
person or entity to Sara Lee in the Offer.

Item 5. Person/Assets, Retained, Employed, Compensated or Used.

  Earthgrains has retained UBS Warburg to act as its exclusive financial
advisor in connection with the Offer and the Merger. Pursuant to the terms of
this engagement, Earthgrains has agreed to pay UBS Warburg for its

financial advisory services an aggregate fee of approximately $12 million,
earned upon execution of the Merger Agreement. Earthgrains has also agreed to
reimburse UBS Warburg for reasonable expenses incurred by UBS Warburg in
performing its services, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, and to
indemnify UBS Warburg and related parties against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating to or
arising out of its engagement. In the ordinary course of business, UBS Warburg
and its successors and affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of
Earthgrains and Sara Lee for their own accounts or for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.

Item 6. Interest in Securities of the Subject Company.

  Except for exercises of stock options granted under Earthgrains' stock
option plan and the individual award agreements issued pursuant thereto and
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Offer and
the Merger, no transaction in the Shares has been effected during the past 60
days by Earthgrains or, to the knowledge of Earthgrains, any of its executive
officers, directors, affiliates or subsidiaries, except that William Stevens
purchased 4,200 Shares on May 3, 2001, 15,400 Shares on May 4, 2001 and 3,000
Shares on May 7, 2001.

Item 7. Purposes of the Transaction and Plans or Proposals.

  (a) Except as set forth in this Statement, Earthgrains is not currently
undertaking or engaged in any negotiations in response to the Offer that
relates to (i) a tender offer or other acquisition of Earthgrains' securities
by Earthgrains, any subsidiary of Earthgrains or any other person; (ii) an
extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, reorganization or liquidation,
involving Earthgrains or any subsidiary of Earthgrains; (iii) a purchase, sale
or transfer of a material amount of assets of Earthgrains or any subsidiary of
Earthgrains; or (iv) any material change in the present dividend rate or
policy, or indebtedness or capitalization of Earthgrains.

  (b) Except as set forth in this Statement, there are no transactions,
resolutions of the Board, agreements in principle, or signed contracts in
response to the Offer that relate to one or more of the events referred to in
the preceding paragraph.

Item 8. Additional Information.

  (a) Delaware General Corporation Law. As a Delaware corporation, Earthgrains
is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL (the "Delaware Takeover Statute"). In
general, the Delaware Takeover Statute prevents an "Interested Stockholder"
(generally defined as a person who beneficially owns 15% or more of
Earthgrains' outstanding voting stock or who is an affiliate or associate of
Earthgrains and has owned 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of
Earthgrains at any time within the 3-year period immediately prior to becoming
an Interested Stockholder) from engaging in certain business combinations,
including a merger, with Earthgrains for a period of three years following the
time such person became an Interested Stockholder, unless, among other
exceptions, before the time such person became an Interested Stockholder, the
Board either approved the business combination or the transaction in which
such person became an Interested Stockholder. Accordingly, the Board approved
the Merger Agreement, as described in Item 4 above and, therefore, the
restrictions of the Delaware Takeover Statute are inapplicable to the Merger
and the transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement.

  Under the DGCL, if SLC acquires, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, at
least 90% of the Shares, SLC will be able to effect the Merger after
consummation of the Offer without a vote of Earthgrains' stockholders.
However, if SLC does not acquire at least 90% of the Shares pursuant to the
Offer or otherwise and a vote of Earthgrains' stockholders is required under
Delaware law, a significantly longer period of time will be required to effect
the Merger.

  (b) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Earthgrains' Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires that certain business
transactions, including a merger or consolidation, with any person

who is the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Shares (a "10% Stockholder")
or one of its affiliates or associates, be approved by a vote of not less than
a majority of the Shares, subject to certain exceptions. One such exception is
if the transaction is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
either prior or subsequent to the acquisition of the Shares in which such
person became a 10% Stockholder. Accordingly, the Board approved the Merger
Agreement, as described in Item 4 above and, therefore, the restrictions of
the Earthgrains Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are
inapplicable to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.

  (c) Information Provided Pursuant to Rule 14F-1 Under the Exchange Act. The
Information Statement attached as Annex B to this Statement is being furnished
to Earthgrains' stockholders in connection with the designation by SLC of
persons to the Board other than at a meeting of Earthgrains' stockholders, and
such information is incorporated herein by reference.

  (d) Confidentiality Agreement. Sara Lee has agreed, pursuant to a
Confidentiality Agreement, dated May 29, 2001, with Earthgrains, that it will
keep confidential all information concerning Earthgrains and its subsidiaries
that Sara Lee obtained in connection with its discussions with Earthgrains
regarding possible negotiated business arrangements. Sara Lee further agreed
that, for a period of two years following the date of the Confidentiality
Agreement, it will not acquire any securities of Earthgrains, seek to control
or influence Earthgrains' management or hire any employee of Earthgrains with
whom Sara Lee had contact during the discussions that led to the execution and
delivery of the Merger Agreement.

  (e) The Rights Agreement. Each Right issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement
entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase under some circumstances
one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock at an exercise price of
$100 per one one-hundredth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment. Generally, the Rights become exercisable 10 days after the earlier
of (i) the first public announcement that a person or group (an "Acquiring
Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding
Shares or (ii) the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in that person becoming the beneficial
owner of 15% or more of the Shares (the earlier of such dates being the
"Distribution Date"). After any person becomes an Acquiring Person, each
holder of each of the Rights (other than the Acquiring Person) will thereafter
have the right to receive, in lieu of one one-hundredth of a share of Junior
Preferred Stock, such number of Shares as shall equal the result obtained by
multiplying an amount equal to the then current purchase price by an amount
equal to the number of one one-hundredths of a share of Junior Preferred Stock
for which the Rights were or would have been exercisable immediately prior to
the first occurrence of any such event whether or not the Rights were then
exercisable, and dividing that product by 50% of the current market price per
Share determined as of the date of such first occurrence. Upon the vote of the
Board, the Rights may be redeemed at a price of $.01 per Right at any time
prior to March 1, 2006 or the close of business on the 10th business day
following the first date of public announcement by Earthgrains or an Acquiring
Person that an Acquiring Person has become such.

  Earthgrains and Boatmen's Trust Company, as rights agent under the Rights
Agreement, amended the Rights Agreement as of June 29, 2001 to provide, among
other things that (i) neither Sara Lee, SLC nor any of their respective
Affiliates or Associates shall become an Acquiring Person, either individually
or collectively, (ii) no Distribution Date, Stock Acquisition Date or
Triggering Event (each, as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall occur, (iii)
no Rights shall separate from the Shares or otherwise become exercisable, (iv)
no holder of Rights or any other Person shall have any legal or equitable
rights, remedy or claim under this Agreement, and (v) no exercise price
adjustment shall be made, in each case solely by virtue of (A) the
announcement of the Offer, (B) the acquisition of Shares of Earthgrains
pursuant to the Offer, the Merger or the Merger Agreement, (C) the execution
and delivery of the Merger Agreement or (D) the consummation of the Offer, the
Merger or any of the other transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

  (f) United States Antitrust Compliance. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and the rules
that have been promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade

Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions may not be
consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and the FTC
and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. The purchase of
the Shares pursuant to the Offer is subject to these requirements.

  Under the provisions of the HSR Act applicable to the purchase of the Shares
pursuant to the Offer, such purchase may not be made until the expiration of a
15-calendar day waiting period following the required filing of a Notification
Report Form under the HSR Act by SLC, which Sara Lee intends to submit on July
5, 2001. If the submission is in fact made on such date, the waiting period
under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M., New York City time, on July 20,
2001 unless early termination of the waiting period is granted by the FTC and
the Antitrust Division or Sara Lee or SLC receives a request for additional
information or documentary material prior thereto, or for any reason the
initial waiting period is not deemed to have begun at the time of the initial
filing by Sara Lee. If either the FTC or the Antitrust Division issues a
request for additional information or documentary material from Sara Lee prior
to the expiration of the 15-day waiting period, the waiting period will be
extended and will expire at 11:59 P.M., New York City time, on the 10th
calendar day after the date of substantial compliance by Sara Lee with such
request unless terminated earlier by the FTC and the Antitrust Division. If
such a request is issued, subject to Sara Lee's right to terminate the Offer
on June 30, 2001, Sara Lee is obligated to continue to hold the Offer open and
the purchase of and payment for Shares pursuant to the Offer will be deferred
until the additional waiting period pursuant to a request for additional
information or documentary material is authorized by the rules promulgated
under the HSR Act. Thereafter, the waiting period can be extended only by
court order or by consent of Sara Lee. Although Earthgrains is required to
file certain information and documentary material with the Antitrust Division
and the FTC in connection with the Offer, neither Earthgrains' failure to make
such filings nor a request from the Antitrust Division or the FTC for
additional information or documentary material will extend the waiting period.

  The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as the proposed acquisition of
Earthgrains pursuant to the Offer. At any time before or after SLC's
acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Antitrust Division or the FTC
could take such action under the antitrust laws as either deems necessary or
desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer or the consummation of the Merger or seeking the
divestiture of assets of Earthgrains or its subsidiaries or Sara Lee or its
subsidiaries. Private parties and state attorney generals may also bring legal
action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. There can be no
assurance that a challenge to the Offer on antitrust grounds will not be made,
or, if such a challenge is made, of the result thereof.

  If the Antitrust Division, the FTC, a state or a private party raises
antitrust concerns in connection with a proposed transaction, Sara Lee and SLC
may engage in negotiations with the relevant governmental agency or party
concerning possible means of addressing these issues and may delay
consummation of the Offer or the Merger while such discussions are ongoing.
Sara Lee and Earthgrains have agreed to use their respective commercially
reasonable efforts to resolve any antitrust issues and Sara Lee has committed
itself in the Merger Agreement to contest and resist any action challenging
any of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement.

  (g) European Union Merger Regulation. Sara Lee and Earthgrains each carry on
business in member states of the European Union. Council Regulation (EEC)
4064/89, as amended, will require notification to and approval by the European
Commission of the Offer and the Merger before such transactions can be
completed. Sara Lee and Earthgrains intend to file with the European
Commission the required notification shortly after the commencement of the
Offer.

  The European Commission must review the Offer and the Merger and determine
that such transactions do not create or strengthen a dominant position as a
result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the
European common market. The European Commission has one month following the
submission of a complete notification to complete its preliminary
investigation (which period may be extended to six weeks

if the parties offer undertakings to address certain concerns the European
Commission may have). If, within this one-month period (or six-week period, if
applicable), the European Commission decides that the Offer and the Merger are
compatible with the European common market, or if it fails to reach a
decision, the Offer and the Merger will be deemed approved. If, instead, the
European Commission considers that it needs to examine the Offer and the
Merger more closely, it will initiate a more detailed investigation which can
last up to an additional four months. Sara Lee and Earthgrains believe that
the Offer and the Merger are compatible with the common market under Council
Regulation 4064/89. However, no assurance can be given that the European
Commission will agree or that the European Commission will not impose certain
conditions or restrictions on the Offer and the Merger.

  (h) Other Filings. Both Sara Lee and Earthgrains conduct operations in a
number of foreign countries. Consequently, filings may have to be made with
other foreign governments under their pre-merger notification statutes. The
filing requirements of various nations are being analyzed by the parties, and,
where necessary, the parties intend to make such filings.

Item 9. Exhibits.

  Exhibit
    No.                                 Description
  -------                               -----------

 Exhibit 1  Portions from Earthgrains Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual
            Meeting of Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the
            Earthgrains' Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on June 18,
            2001, File No. 27426).

 Exhibit 2  Letter to Stockholders of The Earthgrains Company, dated July 3,
            2001.*

 Exhibit 3  Press Release of The Earthgrains Company, dated July 3, 2001.*

 Exhibit 4  The Offer to Purchase, dated July 3, 2001 (incorporated by
            reference to and filed as Exhibit (a)(1) to the Sara Lee Schedule
            TO filed on July 3, 2001).

 Exhibit 5  Form of Letter of Transmittal (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            (a)(2) to the Sara Lee Schedule TO filed on July 3, 2001).

 Exhibit 6  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 29, 2001, by and among
            Sara Lee Corporation, SLC Acquisition Corp. and The Earthgrains
            Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(1) of the Sara
            Lee Schedule TO filed on July 3, 2001).

 Exhibit 7  Form of Executive Severance Agreement for the Chief Executive
            Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to The
            Earthgrains Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
            year ended March 27, 2001).

 Exhibit 8  Form of Executive Severance Agreement for officers other than the
            Chief Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22
            to The Earthgrains Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
            fiscal year ended March 27, 2001).

 Exhibit 9  Confidentiality Agreement between The Earthgrains Company and Sara
            Lee Corporation, dated June 29, 2001.*

 Exhibit 10 First Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2001 between
            The Earthgrains Company and The Boatmen's Trust Company, as rights
            agent.*

 Annex A    Fairness Opinion of UBS Warburg LLC, dated as of June 29, 2001.

 Annex B    Information Statement pursuant to Section 14(f) of the Securities
            Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14f-1 thereunder.

- --------
*  Filed herewith.

                                   SIGNATURE

  After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that
the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

Dated: July 3, 2001

                                          THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY

                                          By: /s/ Joseph M. Noelker
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Name: Joseph M. Noelker
                                             Title: Vice President, General
                                             Counsel and
                                                Corporate Secretary

                                                                         ANNEX A

                        [LETTERHEAD OF UBS WARBURG LLC]

                                                                   June 29, 2001

The Board of Directors
The Earthgrains Company
8400 Maryland Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63105

Members of the Board of Directors:

           We understand that The Earthgrains Company, a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), is considering a transaction whereby SLC Acquisition Corp., a
newly formed Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Sara Lee Corporation, a company organized under the laws of Maryland ("Sara
Lee"), will purchase all issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Company for $40.25 per share
in cash (the "Consideration"). Pursuant to the terms of a draft Agreement and
Plan of Merger by and among Sara Lee, Purchaser and the Company (the "Merger
Agreement") Purchaser will (i) make a cash tender offer to acquire all issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, together with the
associated rights to purchase shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (ii) merge with and into the Company (the
"Transaction"). The terms and conditions of the Transaction are more fully set
forth in the Merger Agreement.

           You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial
point of view of the Consideration to be received by the holders of the Common
Stock of the Company in the Transaction.

           UBS Warburg LLC ("UBS Warburg") has acted as financial advisor to the
Board of Directors of the Company in connection with the Transaction and will
receive a fee upon the consummation thereof for its services, which include the
rendering of this opinion. In the past, UBS Warburg has provided investment
banking and other financial advisory services to the Company and has received
customary fees for rendering these services. In connection with our engagement,
we were not requested to, and we did not solicit third party indications of
interest in the acquisition of all or a part of the Company. In the ordinary
course of business, UBS Warburg, its successors and affiliates may trade or have
traded securities of the Company and/or Sara Lee and accordingly, may at any
time hold a long/short position in such securities.

[LOGO OF UBS WARBURG]
                                      -2-

     Our opinion does not address the Company's underlying business decision to
effect the Transaction or constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of the
Company as to whether such stockholder should tender their shares and vote with
respect to the Transaction. At your direction, we have not been asked to, nor do
we, offer any opinion as to the material terms of the Merger Agreement or the
form of the transaction. In rendering this opinion, we have assumed, with your
consent, that the final executed form of the Merger Agreement does not differ in
any material respect from the draft that we have examined, and that the
Purchaser, Sara Lee and the Company will comply with all the material terms of
the Merger Agreement.

     In arriving at our opinion, we have, among other things: (i) reviewed
certain publicly available business and historical financial information
relating to the Company; (ii) reviewed certain internal financial information
and other data relating to the business and financial prospects of the Company,
including estimates and financial forecasts prepared by management of the
Company that were provided to us by the Company and not publicly available;
(iii) conducted discussions with members of the senior management of the
Company; (iv) reviewed the recent reported prices and trading activity for the
Company's Common Stock and compared such information and certain financial
information of the Company with similar information for certain other companies
engaged in businesses we consider generally comparable to those of the Company;
(v) compared the financial terms of the Transaction with the publicly available
financial terms of certain other transactions which we believe to be generally
relevant; (vii) reviewed drafts of the Merger Agreement and certain ancillary
documents; and (viii) conducted such other financial studies, analyses and
investigations, and considered such other financial, economic and market data
and other information as we deemed necessary or appropriate.

     In connection with our review, at your direction, we have not assumed any
responsibility for independent verification for any of the information reviewed
by us for the purpose or this opinion and have, at your direction, relied on its
being complete and accurate in all material respects. In addition, at your
direction, we have not made any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of
the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company nor have we
been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. With respect to the
financial forecasts and estimates referred to above, we have assumed, at your
direction, that they have been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the
Company as to the future performance of the Company. We were not asked to
consider, and our opinion does not address, the relative merits of the
Transaction as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist
for the Company or the effect of any other transaction in which the Company
might engage. Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and
other conditions and circumstances as in effect on, and the information made
available to us as of, the date hereof.

[LOGO OF UBS WARBURG]

                                      -3-

           Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as
the date hereof, the Consideration to be received by the holders of the Common
Stock of the Company in the Transaction is fair, from a financial point of view,
to such stockholders.

                               Very truly yours,

                               /s/ UBS Warburg LLC

                               UBS WARBURG LLC

                                                                        ANNEX B

                INFORMATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(F)
                    OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                           AND RULE 14F-1 THEREUNDER

  This Information Statement is being mailed on or about July 3, 2001, as part
of the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule
14D-9") of The Earthgrains Company, a Delaware corporation ("Earthgrains"),
with respect to the tender offer (the "Offer") by SLC Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation ("SLC") and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sara Lee
Corporation, a company organized under the laws of Maryland ("Sara Lee"), to
the holders of record of the issued and outstanding voting common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, including the associated rights to purchase preferred
stock, of Earthgrains (the "Shares"). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Schedule 14D-9. This
Information Statement is being distributed in connection with the possible
election of persons designated by Sara Lee to a majority of the seats on
Earthgrains' board of directors (the "Board").

  The Offer is being made by SLC pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of June 29, 2001, by and
among Earthgrains, Sara Lee and SLC. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject
to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) Sara Lee will cause SLC to
commence the Offer for all Shares at a purchase price of $40.25 per share, net
to the seller in cash, and (ii) SLC will be merged with and into Earthgrains.
As a result of the Merger, Earthgrains will become a direct, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Sara Lee.

  The Merger Agreement provides that, promptly after the purchase of Shares
pursuant to the Offer, Sara Lee shall be entitled to designate such number of
directors (the "Sara Lee Designees") to the Board as will give Sara Lee
representation proportionate to its ownership, subject to certain conditions.
The Merger Agreement requires Earthgrains to take such action as Sara Lee may
request to cause the Sara Lee Designees to be elected to the Board under the
circumstances described therein. This Information Statement is required by
Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder. You
are urged to read this Information Statement carefully. You are not, however,
required to take any action in connection with this Information Statement.

  The Offer commenced on July 3, 2001 and is scheduled to expire at 12:00
midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, July 31, 2001, at which time, if all
conditions to the Offer have been satisfied or waived and certain other
circumstances do not exist, SLC will purchase all of the Shares validly
tendered pursuant to the Offer and not withdrawn.

  The information contained in this Information Statement concerning SLC and
Sara Lee has been furnished to Earthgrains by Sara Lee and Earthgrains assumes
no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any such information.

                                    GENERAL

  The Shares are the only class of equity securities of Earthgrains
outstanding which are entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of
Earthgrains. As of June 29, 2001 there were 42,648,084 issued and outstanding
Shares.

              RIGHTS TO DESIGNATE DIRECTORS AND PARENT DESIGNEES

  SLC has informed Earthgrains that it currently intends to choose the Sara
Lee Designees from among the executive officers and directors of Sara Lee and
SLC listed in Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase (which is filed as an
exhibit to the Schedule TO filed by Sara Lee and SLC with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the

                                      B-1

"SEC") on July 3, 2001), a copy of which is being mailed to the stockholders
of Earthgrains. The information with respect to such officers and directors in
Schedule I is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

  The Merger Agreement provides that, if requested by Sara Lee, Earthgrains
shall, to the extent permissible, promptly following the purchase of Shares by
SLC pursuant to the Offer, take all action necessary to cause the Sara Lee
Designees to become directors of Earthgrains so that the total number of such
persons, rounded up to the next whole number, equals the product of the total
number of directors on the Board (giving effect to the directors to be elected
pursuant to the Merger Agreement) multiplied by the percentage that the number
of Shares beneficially owned by SLC, Sara Lee or any of their affiliates,
bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding (on a fully diluted
basis). At such time, Earthgrains shall also cause persons designated by Sara
Lee to constitute the same percentage (rounded up to the next whole number) as
is on the Board of (i) each committee of the Board (ii) each board of
directors (or similar body) of each subsidiary of Earthgrains, and (iii) each
committee (or similar body) of each such board, in each case only to the
extent permitted by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which
the Shares are listed. In furtherance thereof, Earthgrains will increase the
size of the Board or promptly secure the resignation of directors, or both, as
is necessary to permit the Sara Lee Designees to be elected to the Board.

  It is expected that the first of the Sara Lee Designees to assume office
would assume office promptly following the purchase by SLC of Shares pursuant
to the Offer, which purchase cannot be earlier than July 31, 2001, and that,
upon assuming office, the Sara Lee Designees will thereafter constitute at
least a majority of the entire Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the
appointment of the Sara Lee Designees to the Board, at all times prior to the
date the Merger becomes effective, Sara Lee and Earthgrains will each use
reasonable best efforts to ensure that at least three of the members of the
Board are persons who are currently members of the Board (the "Continuing
Directors"). If, however, there are in office fewer than three Continuing
Directors for any reason, the Board will take all action necessary to cause a
person designated by the remaining Continuing Directors to fill such vacancy.
Such person will be deemed to be a Continuing Director and if there are no
other Continuing Directors, the other directors of Earthgrains then in office
will designate two persons to fill such vacancies who are not officers or
employees or affiliates of Earthgrains, Sara Lee or the SLC or any of their
respective subsidiaries or affiliates.

  None of the executive officers and directors of Sara Lee or SLC currently is
a director of, or holds any position or office with, Earthgrains. Earthgrains
has been advised that, to the best knowledge of Sara Lee and SLC, none of Sara
Lee's or SLC's directors or executive officers beneficially own any equity
securities, or rights to acquire any equity securities, of Earthgrains and
none has been involved in any transactions with Earthgrains or any of its
directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to
be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

                   CURRENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF EARTHGRAINS

General

  The Board has established an Audit and Finance Committee (the "Audit
Committee"), a Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the "Compensation
Committee") and a Nominating Committee (the "Nominating Committee"). The Audit
Committee, which is comprised of Peter F. Benoist, Jaime Iglesias, Jerry E.
Ritter and Timothy P. Smucker, recommends to the Board the selection of
independent accountants, reviews the scope and

                                      B-2

results of the independent audit and internal audit function, and reviews
Earthgrains' financial plans and policies related to borrowings, dividends and
capital structure. All of the members of the Audit Committee are independent
as defined by the New York Stock Exchange's listing standards. The
Compensation Committee, which is comprised of J. Joe Adorjan, Maxine K. Clark,
E. Byron Glore, Jr. and William E. Stevens, considers and makes
recommendations to the Board as to the salaries and other compensation to be
paid to Earthgrains' executive officers, other officers and upper management
employees of Earthgrains and its subsidiaries. The Nominating Committee, which
is comprised of J. Joe Adorjan, Peter F. Benoist and William E. Stevens,
identifies and considers potential candidates for Board membership, and
conducts ongoing review of Board composition and duties, as well as corporate
governance issues.

  The Board held seven meetings during the fiscal year ended March 27, 2001.
The Board also took certain actions by unanimous written consent in lieu of a
meeting, as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"). In
2001, the Audit Committee met eight times, the Compensation Committee met six
times, and the Nominating Committee met once. All directors attended 75% or
more of all meetings of the Board and all committees of the Board on which
they served during the fiscal year ended March 27, 2001, except for Mr. Jaime
Iglesias who attended 73% of all meetings of the Board and the applicable
committee meetings.

Director Compensation

  Directors who are employees of Earthgrains receive no compensation for
service as members of either the Board or committees thereof. Directors who
are not employees of Earthgrains receive an annual fee of $25,000, plus $1,500
fee for each meeting of the Board attended, $750 fee per committee meeting
attended and $3,500 fee for chairing a committee.

  Each non employee director is required to defer 25% of his or her director's
fees and maintain an account in Earthgrains' Amended and Restated Non-employee
Directors Deferred Fee Plan. Directors may elect to defer up to 100% of their
fees. Fees that are not deferred are paid in cash. Each director's deferred
fees are credited to his or her deferred share unit account; previously, such
fees were credited to a share equivalent account that tracked the value of the
Shares. Amounts deferred under the plan will be paid-in Shares in the case of
deferred share units, and in cash in the case of share equivalents-on a date
the director specifies or over a period of up to 10 years commencing on a date
specified by the director. In addition to their deferred fees, non-employee
directors receive equity grants. Upon initially becoming a director, each non-
employee director nominee receives $15,000 of deferred share units. Each non-
employee director receives an annual credit of $23,500 of deferred share
units.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

  Executive officers and directors of Earthgrains are required under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to file reports of ownership and changes in
ownership of the Shares with the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. Copies
of those reports must also be furnished to Earthgrains.

  Based solely on a review of the copies of those reports, other documents
furnished to Earthgrains and written representations that no other reports
were required, Earthgrains believes that all filing requirements applicable to
executive officers and directors have been complied with during the preceding
fiscal year.

Current Directors and Executive Officers

  J. Joe Adorjan, 62, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1996. Mr.
Adorjan is currently a partner with Stonington Partners, Inc. and Chairman,
Adven Capital Partners, LLC. From January 1996 to October 1999, Mr. Adorjan
was Chairman of Borg-Warner Security Corporation ("Borg-Warner"), a Chicago-
based provider of security services. Mr. Adorjan was Chief Executive Officer
of Borg-Warner from October 1995 to March 1999, President from April 1995 to
March 1999, and was a Director of Borg-Warner from 1993 to 1999. Mr. Adorjan
was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ESCO Electronics Corporation from
1990 to 1992. He served as President of Emerson Electric Company from 1993
until April 1995. Mr. Adorjan is a member of the Board of Directors of Goss
Graphic Systems, Inc., and HK Systems, Inc. He is Chairman of the Board of
Directors of

                                      B-3

Bates Sales Company. Mr. Adorjan is a commissioner for the Missouri Gaming
Commission. He is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Saint Louis University,
and also serves on the Board of Directors of Ranken Technical College and
Grand Center Development Corporation.

  Jerry E. Ritter, 66, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1995. Mr.
Ritter is currently a consultant to Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. Mr. Ritter
was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Clark Enterprises-parent company of
the St. Louis Blues Hockey Club and Kiel Center (the Club's home venue)-from
July 1996 until October 1999. He was Executive Vice President-Chief Financial
and Administrative Officer of Anheuser-Busch from 1991 to 1996, and served in
several executive capacities at Anheuser-Busch, including Vice President and
Group Executive from 1984 to 1990, Vice President-Finance from 1981 to 1983,
and Vice President-Finance and Treasurer from 1975 to 1981. Mr. Ritter is a
member of the Board of Directors of Brown Shoe Company. He is President of the
Board of Governors of SSM Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital, President of
the Board of Trustees of the St. Louis Science Center, and also serves on the
Board of Commissioners of the Saint Louis Science Center.

  Timothy P. Smucker, 56, was elected a director of Earthgrains in 2001. Mr.
Smucker is currently the Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of The J.M.
Smucker Company, a food products manufacturer and the North American market-
share leader for fruit spreads. For more than 30 years, Mr. Smucker has held a
variety of positions with The J.M. Smucker Company, and has been a director
since 1973. Mr. Smucker also serves as a director of Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream,
Inc., and Huntington BancShares Incorporated.

  Barry H. Beracha, 59, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1993.
Currently, Mr. Beracha is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Earthgrains since March 1996. From 1976 through March
1996, he was a Vice President and Group Executive of Anheuser-Busch Companies,
Inc. ("Anheuser-Busch"), and during that time served in various positions for
various Anheuser-Busch subsidiaries. Mr. Beracha is a member of the Board of
Directors of Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc., McCormick & Company, Inc., and
Transora, a business-to-business electronic marketplace for consumer packaged
goods companies. He also serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of Saint
Louis University.

  Peter F. Benoist, 53, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1996.
Currently, Mr. Benoist is the Executive Director, Regional Housing and
Community Development Alliance. Mr. Benoist was Senior Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of Mercantile Bank of St. Louis from
February 1998 to November 1999. He served as Executive Vice President of Mark
Twain Bancshares, Inc., from 1984 to 1998; Director of Mark Twain Bancshares,
Inc., from 1991 to 1997, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Mark Twain Bank
from 1986 until June 1996, President of Mark Twain Bank from 1986 until 1989,
and Chairman of Mark Twain Kansas City Bank from 1992 until June 1996. Mr.
Benoist is a Director of Beyond Housing (formerly Ecumenical Housing
Production Corp.), Director and Chairman of St. Louis Priory, Chairman of the
Board of Trustees of Maryville University, Director of the St. Louis Equity
Fund, and Second Vice President of the Board of Governors of SSM Cardinal
Glennon Children's Hospital.

  Maxine K. Clark, 52, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1996. Ms.
Clark is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Build-A-
Bear Workshop, a children's entertainment retail company. Since 1996, Ms.
Clark has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Build-A-Bear Workshop,
Inc., a St. Louis-based retail chain, and the developer of The Build-A-Bear
Workshop. She was President and Chief Merchandising Officer of Payless
ShoeSource, Inc., from 1992 until 1996, and Executive Vice President for
Venture Stores, Inc., from 1988 until 1992. Ms. Clark is a member of the Board
of Trustees of the University of Georgia Foundation, a member of the Advisory
Board for The Hatchery, Washington University, and a member of the Board of
Directors for the Greater Saint Louis Council of Girl Scouts.

  E. Byron Glore, Jr., 59, has been a director of Earthgrains since 2001.
Currently, Mr. Glore is the Chief Executive Officer of The Glore Group, a firm
founded in 1995 and specializing in new-product development for the television
and consumer market industries. Mr. Glore is an Emmy award winning television
producer. Mr. Glore was President of Consumer Analyst, a new-product
development firm, serving Fortune 500 Companies,

                                      B-4

from 1976 to 1995. From 1966 to 1976, Mr. Glore held a variety of sales
planning and marketing positions for Anheuser-Busch, including Director of New
Product Development, Director of Marketing Development and Brand Manager for
Budweiser. Mr. Glore is a member of the Board of Directors of FutureNet, Inc.

  Jaime Iglesias, 70, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1996. Mr.
Iglesias is retired since March 1996. From January 1993 to March 1996, Mr.
Iglesias was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Anheuser-Busch Europe, Inc.
("ABEI"), which is a subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch. He was Chief Executive
Officer of ABEI from 1989 until March 1996 and President of ABEI from 1988
until March 1996. Mr. Iglesias was appointed President-International
Operations of Earthgrains and prior to that served as Earthgrains' Vice
President-International from 1983 to 1996. He was also Chairman and President
of Bimbo and President and Senior Vice President-Europe of Anheuser-Busch's
subsidiary, Anheuser-Busch International, Inc. ("ABII"), and has served in
such capacities since 1978 and March 1996, respectively. He also served as
President and Managing Director-Europe of ABII from 1988 until March 1996.

  William E. Stevens, 58, has been a director of Earthgrains since 1996.
Currently, Mr. Stevens is the Chairman of BBI Group, Inc. Mr. Stevens was
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Wesmark Group from 1999 to January
2001. From 1996 to 1999, he was Executive Vice President of Mills & Partners.
Mr. Stevens was President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board
of Directors of United Industries Corporation from 1989 to 1996. Prior to
1989, Mr. Stevens was Executive Vice President and a member of the Board of
Directors of Black & Decker Corporation. He serves on the Board of Directors
of McCormick & Company, Inc. Mr. Stevens also serves on the Board of Directors
of the Repertory Theatre Company of St. Louis.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management

  The following tables set forth, as of June 18, 2001, certain information
regarding stock ownership by beneficial owners of more than five percent of
the Shares (based on reports filed by them with the SEC) and, as of March 27,
2001, share units and share equivalents whose value is tied to the Shares for
each director and nominee for director, each of the executive officers named
in the Summary Compensation Table (see page B-8 of this Annex), and all
directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise noted, the
individuals have sole voting and investment power with respect to the Shares
reported.

                       BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF MORE THAN 5%

  The table below lists the persons or groups known by Earthgrains to own more
than 5% of its Shares:

   Name and Address                         Number of    % of Shares Explanatory
   of Beneficial Owner                     Common Shares Outstanding    Notes
   -------------------                     ------------- ----------- -----------

FMR Corp. ................................   4,750,974     11.208       (a)(c)
82 Devonshire Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Snyder Capital Management, L.P............   3,429,300       8.09       (b)(c)
and its general partner,
Snyder Capital Management, Inc.
("Snyder Capital")
350 California Street, Suite 1460
San Francisco, California 94104

- --------
(a) FMR Corp. and its subsidiaries have sole voting power as to 328,190 shares
    and sole investment power as to 4,750,974 shares.
(b) Snyder Capital has shared voting power as to 3,152,400 shares and shared
    investment power as to 3,429,300 shares.
(c) As reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the beneficial
    owner as of December 31, 2000.

                                      B-5

                 COMMON STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY MANAGEMENT

                                                 Share Units
                          Number of Exercisable  and % Share             % of Shares
          Name            Shares(1) Options(2)  Equivalents(3)   Total   Outstanding
          ----            --------- ----------- -------------- --------- -----------

Barry H. Beracha........    717,914    501,865                 1,219,779    2.84
J. Joe Adorjan..........     11,297                 2,785         14,082       *
Peter F. Benoist........     12,573                 6,404         18,977       *
Maxine K. Clark.........      6,109                 5,469         11,578       *
E. Byron Glore, Jr. ....          0                 3,946          3,946       *
Jaime Iglesias..........     11,574                 3,635         15,209       *
Jerry E. Ritter(4)......     20,199                 5,787         25,986       *
Timothy P. Smucker......      1,000                 2,848          3,848       *
William E. Stevens(5)...     14,669                 5,204         19,873       *
John W. Iselin, Jr......    177,712    107,434                   285,146       *
William H. Opdyke.......     47,533     93,564                   141,097       *
Mark H. Krieger.........     35,018     70,859                   105,877       *
Barry M. Horner(6)......     32,712     73,482                   106,194       *
All directors and
 executive officers as a
 group (25 persons).....  1,300,989  1,268,663                 2,569,652    5.87

- --------
 *  Person beneficially owns less than 1% of Earthgrains common stock
    outstanding.
(1)  Includes the following: *stock held directly; *shares of stock held
     indirectly in an employee's 401(k) account, stock purchase plan account
     or otherwise, and *restricted stock subject to forfeiture, a vesting
     schedule and other restrictions.
(2)  Shares of common stock that could be acquired by exercising stock options
     through May 26, 2001.
(3)  Includes share units and share equivalents in Earthgrains' deferred
     compensation plan for non-employee directors. The value of share units
     and share equivalents mirrors the value of Earthgrains common stock.
     Share units are ultimately paid in shares of common stock, while share
     equivalents are ultimately paid in cash; neither share units nor
     equivalents have voting rights.
(4)  Includes 16,918 shares of common stock held by a family limited
     partnership.
(5)  Includes 4,000 shares of common stock held in an irrevocable trust, the
     beneficial ownership of which is disclaimed.
(6)  Includes 158 shares of common stock owned by a child of Mr. Horner, the
     beneficial ownership of which is disclaimed.

                                      B-6

Stock Price Performance Graph

  The following performance graph compares the changes, for the period
indicated, in the cumulative total value of $100 hypothetically invested in
each of (a) the Shares, (b) the S&P 1500 Supercomposite, and (c) the S&P Foods
Index. Both of the indices are weighted by capitalization. The S&P 1500
Supercomposite is comprised of 500 companies with large capitalization (S&P
500), 400 companies with medium capitalization (S&P 400) and 600 companies
with small capitalization (S&P 600) and reflects the performance of those 1500
companies. The S&P Foods Index reflects the performance of 11 companies
represented in the foods sector of the S&P 500 Index.

                                    [GRAPH]

                  27-Mar-96 25-Mar-97 31-Mar-98 30-Mar-99 28-Mar-00 27-Mar-01

Earthgrains Co       $100      $170      $293      $284      $193      $279

S&P 1500 Super-
 composite           $100      $123      $175      $203      $242      $195

S&P Foods Index      $100      $128      $177      $158      $116      $160

                                      B-7

                            EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

                          Summary Compensation Table

  The table below summarizes the compensation paid by Earthgrains for services
rendered by the named executive officers during the past three fiscal years.

                                  Annual Compensation(1)              Long-Term Compensation
                         ---------------------------------------- ------------------------------
                                                                  Restricted Securities          All Other
   Name and Principal    Fiscal                    Other Annual     Stock    Underlying   LTIP    Compen-
        Position          Year   Salary   Bonus   Compensation(2) Awards(3)  Options(#)  Payout  sation(4)
   ------------------    ------ -------- -------- --------------- ---------- ---------- -------- ---------

Barry H. Beracha........  2001  $675,000 $113,400     $13,907      $957,450   100,700             $46,333
 Chairman of the Board &  2000   640,080  361,965       9,843           -0-    40,000   $549,960   45,957
 Chief Executive Officer  1999   600,000  415,000       5,857           -0-    40,000              44,004

John W. Iselin, Jr......  2001   357,000   84,879      11,185       536,250    56,400              18,729
 Executive Vice           2000   305,040  160,183       6,293           -0-    19,800    257,400   16,004
 President & Chief        1999   272,820  124,178       4,566           -0-    25,000              14,303
 Operating Officer

William H. Opdyke.......  2001   255,000  129,051       9,171       159,900    16,900              17,967
 President, Worldwide     2000   245,040  111,180       5,041           -0-    16,200    195,900   17,154
 Refrigerated Dough       1999   215,400  117,274       3,603           -0-    20,000              14,839
 Products &
 International Baking

Mark H. Krieger.........  2001   255,000   44,050       4,273       200,850    21,200              13,193
 Vice President & Chief   2000   231,000   97,119       4,558           -0-    14,400    178,800   11,908
 Financial Officer        1999   209,520   72,960      67,041           -0-    15,840              10,043

Barry M. Horner.........  2001   262,008   36,507       6,592       161,850    17,000              15,622
 President, U.S. Bakery   2000   240,000   79,023       4,867           -0-    10,800    190,800   14,037
  Products                1999   200,280   70,365       4,871           -0-    17,000              11,849

- --------
(1)  Salary and bonus amounts include any amounts earned in a given fiscal
     year and subsequently deferred under Earthgrains' Executive Deferred
     Compensation Plan. Upon the purchase by Sara Lee of more than 30% of the
     Shares in the Offer, which purchase would constitute a change in control
     under the Executive Director Deferred Compensation Plan, the Deferred
     Compensation Plan will continue in effect unless terminated by
     Earthgrains or Sara Lee. Upon any subsequent change in control, all
     participants will be entitled to a lump sum payment of any amounts
     accrued in their accounts within 30 days after the change in control.
(2)  Amounts reported are tax reimbursements, with the exception of the amount
     reported for Mr. Krieger in 1999. That amount consists primarily of a
     country club membership valued at $38,053.
(3)  Non preferential dividends are paid on the restricted stock. The
     restricted stock also has a tax payment feature; some of the shares can
     be used to pay the required withholding taxes related to the vesting of
     the restricted stock awards. Any taxes in excess of the required
     withholding taxes must be paid by the recipient. When the awards vest,
     certain executive officers, including the named executive officers, may
     sell some of their respective shares to Earthgrains in order to satisfy
     any additional tax liability they may incur.

                                      B-8

  The Compensation Committee of the Board may accelerate the vesting of a
restricted stock award at any time, and all shares of restricted stock
automatically vest upon the recipient's death or upon disability. If certain
events occur which would result in a change in control of Earthgrains, all
shares of restricted stock become nonforfeitable and freely transferable
(except for restrictions imposed by applicable federal and state securities
laws), and all previously unsatisfied conditions to unrestricted ownership
lapse. The number of shares and value of restricted stock holdings as of March
27, 2001, are as follows:

                                                        Number      Value at
                                                       of Shares Fiscal Year End
                                                       --------- ---------------

   * Mr. Beracha......................................  215,766    $4,412,415
   * Mr. Iselin.......................................   63,334     1,295,180
   * Mr. Opdyke.......................................   27,366       559,635
   * Mr. Krieger......................................   22,384       457,753
   * Mr. Horner.......................................   20,384       416,853

(4) The amounts shown in this column consist of the following for fiscal year
    2001:

  (i) Matching Contributions under Earthgrains' 401(k) and 401(k) restoration
      plans: * Mr. Beracha, $26,538 * Mr. Iselin, $14,280 * Mr. Opdyke,
      $10,200 * Mr. Krieger, $10,200 * Mr. Horner, $10,480

    In the event of a change in control of Earthgrains, the unvested
    portion of a participant's 401(k) account will immediately become 100%
    nonforfeitable, and the entire amount accrued in the 401(k) Restoration
    Plan on behalf of a participant will be paid in a single lump sum
    within 30 days of the date of the change in control.

  (ii) Amounts imputed as income for federal income tax purposes under
       Earthgrains' life insurance plans: * Mr. Beracha, $19,795 * Mr.
       Iselin, $4,449 * Mr. Opdyke, $7,767 * Mr. Krieger, $2,993 * Mr.
       Horner, $15,142

                                      B-9

                       OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

                                                                             Potential Realizable
                                     % of Total                                Value at Assumed
                         Number of    Options                                Annual Rates of Stock
                           Shares    Granted to                             Price Appreciation for
                         Underlying Employees in                                Option Term(3)
                          Options   Fiscal Year  Exercise Price Expiration -------------------------
   Name                  Granted(1)   2001(2)      Per Share       Date    0%      5%        10%
   ----                  ---------- ------------ -------------- ---------- --- ---------- ----------

Barry H. Beracha........  100,700      20.32        $19.375      7/13/10   -0- $1,227,030 $3,109,113
John W. Iselin, Jr. ....   56,400      11.38        $19.375      7/13/10   -0-    687,234  1,741,350
William H. Opdyke.......   16,900       3.41        $19.375      7/13/10   -0-    205,927    521,788
Mark H. Krieger.........   21,200       4.28        $19.375      7/13/10   -0-    258,322    654,550
Barry M. Horner.........   17,000       3.43        $19.375      7/13/10   -0-    207,145    524,875

- --------
(1)  All options granted to the named executive officers are nonqualified stock
     options (NQSOs) that were granted on July 14, 2000. The options become
     exercisable in three equal parts on the first, second and third
     anniversaries of the grant date; however, the Compensation Committee of
     the Board is authorized to accelerate exercisability at any time, and
     acceleration occurs automatically in the event of the optionee's death,
     disability, or retirement as those terms are defined in the 1996 Stock
     Incentive Plan and its agreements, or if certain events occur which would
     result in a change in control of Earthgrains. In addition, the options
     were granted with a tax payment feature; the option stock can be used to
     pay the withholding taxes related to an option exercise. They are also
     transferable to the respective officers' immediate family members.
(2)  Based on option grants for 495,450 shares of Earthgrains common stock to
     79 employees in fiscal year 2001.
(3)  The dollar amounts under these columns are the result of calculations at
     the 5% and 10% rates set by the SEC and therefore are not intended to
     forecast possible future appreciation of Earthgrains' common stock. If the
     value of Earthgrains' common stock does not appreciate, the options will
     be valueless, as evidenced by the 0% column. The assumed 5% annual rate of
     appreciation would result in the market price of Earthgrains' common stock
     increasing from $19.375 to $31.56. The assumed 10% annual rate of
     appreciation would result in an increase from $19.375 to $50.25.

              AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR AND
                         FISCAL YEAR END OPTION VALUES

                          Shares                  Number of Shares        Value of Unexercised
                         Acquired              Underlying Unexercised    In-The-Money Options at
                            on       Value    Option at Fiscal Year End   Fiscal Year End(1)(2)
   Name                  Exercise Realized(1) Exercisable/Unexercisable Exercisable/Unexercisable
   ----                  -------- ----------- ------------------------- -------------------------

Barry H. Beracha........  12,000   $169,874        668,531/140,701         $7,086,914/$234,420
John W. Iselin, Jr. ....  12,000    145,499        107,434/ 77,934            764,314/ 123,082
William H. Opdyke.......   2,000     28,562         93,564/ 34,368            768,491/  69,265
Mark H. Krieger.........     -0-        -0-         70,859/ 36,081            576,383/  68,209
Barry M. Horner.........     450      6,792         73,482/ 29,868            571,344/  52,340

- --------
(1)  Value before income taxes payable as a result of exercise.
(2)  The closing price of Earthgrains' common stock on March 27, 2001, was
     $20.45 per share. Options granted with a higher exercise price are ignored
     in this column.

                                      B-10

                              PENSION PLAN TABLE

  The following table shows the estimated annual pension benefits based upon
years of service and covered compensation that will be payable to a
participant at normal retirement age (65) under the Company's qualified
Pension Plan (the "Pension Plan") and the Earthgrains' nonqualified
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the "Supplemental Plan").

                           Years of Credited Service

   Compensation      15       20       25       30       35    40 and over
   ------------      --       --       --       --       --    -----------

     $  300,000   $ 75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $150,000  $150,000
        600,000    150,000  200,000  250,000  300,000  300,000   300,000
        900,000    225,000  300,000  375,000  450,000  450,000   450,000
     1,200,000     300,000  400,000  500,000  600,000  600,000   600,000
     1,500,000     375,000  500,000  625,000  750,000  750,000   750,000

  Due to differences in the compensation covered, the formula for the
calculation of benefits and limitations on the amount of benefits that may be
paid under a qualified plan, benefits will generally be greater pursuant to
the Supplemental Plan. The benefits amounts set forth in the pension benefits
table were calculated using the covered compensation and formulas set forth in
the Supplemental Plan.

  Covered compensation under the Supplemental Plan in any fiscal year is the
rate of base salary for that year plus the annual bonus earned in the
immediately prior fiscal year. The computation of benefits under the
Supplemental Plan is based upon the highest of the covered compensation in the
year employment ends or in any of the four preceding fiscal years ("Final
Pay"). Benefits under the Supplemental Plan at age 65 range from 25% of Final
Pay at 15 years of service; to 33.3% of Final Pay at 20 years; to 41.7% of
Final Pay at 25 years; to 50% (or 45% depending upon the office of the
participant) of Final Pay at 30 years of service and beyond. The following are
the years of credited service and the Final Pay for each of the named
executive officers: Mr. Beracha--33.7 years and $1,036,965; Mr. Iselin--21.7
years and $517,183; Mr. Opdyke--21.3 years and $363,044; Mr. Krieger--20.2
years and $352,119; and Mr. Horner--30.3 years and $341,031.

  Benefits under the Supplemental Plan will be offset by Social Security
benefits at age 65, benefits payable to the participant at age 65 under the
Pension Plan (as a life-only annuity) and any qualified or nonqualified
benefits under the Company's prior plans for service before March 26, 1996.
None of these offsets is shown in the benefits table set forth above. Benefits
are payable as annuity payments or in a lump sum. In the event of a change in
control of the Company, a participant's accrued benefits under the
Supplemental Plan will become nonforfeitable and will be fully payable in a
single lump sum within 30 days of the change in control.

                                     B-11

                             EXECUTIVE AGREEMENTS

  The executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table on page B-8
of this Annex, and certain other key executives of Earthgrains have entered
into executive severance agreements ("Severance Agreements") with Earthgrains.
The Severance Agreements are effective for a three-year period with automatic
one-year extensions, unless a termination notice is given. Each Severance
Agreement provides that if the executive's employment terminates in certain
ways following a change in control of Earthgrains, the executive would receive
certain severance benefits. The severance benefits would consist of cash
payments by Earthgrains equal to two times (three times in the case of Mr.
Beracha) the executive's average base salary and target bonus. In addition,
the executive's welfare benefits (e.g. health and life insurance) would
continue for two years (three years in the case of Mr. Beracha), certain
supplemental pension benefits would vest, and Earthgrains would be required to
pay any excise taxes imposed in connection with the severance benefits. No
severance benefits would be provided if an executive were terminated for
cause, death, or disability, or if no change in control of Earthgrains were to
occur.

                             RELATED TRANSACTIONS

  During Earthgrains' fiscal year ending March 27, 2001, Earthgrains sold
approximately $3,000,000 worth of products to The J.M. Smucker Company
("Smucker Company") and purchased approximately $525,000 of products from
Smucker Company. Timothy P. Smucker is a director of Earthgrains and Chairman
and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Smucker Company.

                   REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE

  The Audit Committee of the Board is comprised entirely of independent, non-
employee directors. The Audit Committee operates in accordance with the
authority delegated to it by the Board, and functions under a written charter
adopted by the Audit Committee, approved by the Board and attached as Annex B-
1 to this Information Statement. The Audit Committee assists the Board of
Directors in fulfilling its oversight of Earthgrains by reviewing the
financial statements prepared by Earthgrains management and by assessing the
systems of internal controls Earthgrains management establishes and
implements.

  In the course of completing its oversight responsibilities, the Audit
Committee reviewed audited financial statements with management, and discussed
the acceptability of the accounting principles employed. The Audit Committee
also reviewed with management the reasonableness of certain judgments and
assessments made in the course of preparing the financial statements, as well
as the clarity of the disclosures contained in them.

  The independent accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has the
responsibility of expressing an opinion on the conformity of Earthgrains
audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles.
The Audit Committee reviewed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP their judgments
as to both the acceptability and appropriateness of the application by
Earthgrains of those accounting principles. The Audit Committee also discussed
with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP such other matters as are required to be
discussed under generally accepted auditing standards, including Statement on
Auditing Standards No. 61.

  In addition, the Audit Committee discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
its independence from management and Earthgrains, including the matters
contained in the written disclosures required by the Independence Standards
Board. In doing so, the Audit Committee considered the compatibility of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP's provision of non-audit services with its
independent audit function.

 The Audit Committee discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP the overall
scope and plans for its audit. The Audit Committee met with
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, with and without management present, to discuss
the results of its audit, its evaluation and opinion of Earthgrains' system of
internal controls, and the overall quality of the Company's financial
reporting.

                                     B-12

  In reliance on the reviews and discussions mentioned above, the Audit
Committee recommended to the Board that the audited financial statements be
included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 27,
2001, for filing with the SEC.

           REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE

  The Compensation Committee of the Board of Earthgrains is comprised entirely
of independent, non- employee directors. The Compensation Committee operates
under the authority delegated to it by the Board. The Compensation Committee's
responsibilities include review and approval of salary, annual incentives,
equity-based incentives, mid- to long-term incentives and other compensation
for executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO"). The
Compensation Committee also administers Earthgrains' employee incentive
programs. The following discussion summarizes the philosophies and methods
which guide the Compensation Committee in carrying out its responsibilities.

COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY

  Earthgrains' principal goal is to maximize shareholder value. Accordingly,
the Compensation Committee's paramount objective is to strengthen and monitor
the connection between executive compensation and the creation of value by
Earthgrains. The Compensation Committee endeavors to accomplish this through a
compensation program that attracts, motivates and retains top executive
talent, and that rewards those executives for maximizing the key elements of
Earthgrains' economic value.

  Earthgrains' executive officers are eligible for fixed, short-term variable
(based on short-term performance), and mid- to long-term incentive (based on
mid- to long-term corporate results) elements of compensation. In determining
the structure and design of these pay elements as well as how much is awarded
under each component, the Compensation Committee considers several principles:

  .  To attract, motivate and retain executives, a base compensation package
     that is competitive with median practices in the commodity and branded
     segments of the food industry.

  .  Both short-term and mid- to long-term incentives that are matched with
     short-term and mid- to long-term corporate performance, respectively, to
     achieve Earthgrains' financial performance objectives.

  .  All Earthgrains' awards should be aligned with maximizing the economic
     value of Earthgrains.

  .  Each component of compensation available to executives should be clearly
     communicated to them, as should the performance required to earn
     variable components of compensation. Such communication is essential to
     an effective compensation program.

  The Compensation Committee reviews compensation based on these four
principles, Earthgrains' performance and competitive practices. As part of its
review, the Compensation Committee looks at compensation of a broad group of
companies in the food industry (the "survey companies"), including but not
limited to the companies included in the S&P Foods Index, as reflected in
Earthgrains' stock price performance graph on page B-7.

  The Compensation Committee favors qualifying compensation for tax
deductibility under the Internal Revenue Code. Section 162(m) of that Code
limits to $1 million the annual deduction a publicly held corporation may take
for compensation paid to any executive, except for certain performance-based
compensation. However, tax savings are but one consideration among many in the
executive compensation equation, and will not be solely determinative where
the Committee, in its discretion, finds other considerations to be more
important.

COMPENSATION PROGRAM COMPONENTS

  During the last fiscal year, Earthgrains executives were eligible for four
compensation components: (1) base salary, (2) annual incentives, (3) equity-
based incentives, and (4) mid- to long-term incentives. In general, base

                                     B-13

salary is set in advance but can be adjusted periodically at the discretion of
the Compensation Committee; annual and equity-based incentives are awarded at
the discretion of the Compensation Committee; and mid- to long-term incentives
are awarded by the Compensation Committee pursuant to plans approved by the
Compensation Committee. The following discussion outlines the factors the
Compensation Committee considers and applies when awarding each of the four
components.

BASE SALARY

  The Compensation Committee took the following factors into account in
determining each executive's base salary for the last fiscal year, including
that of the CEO:

  .  The executive's experience and the responsibilities attendant to the
     position; and

  . The median base salaries paid to executives in comparable positions at
  the survey companies.

  The Compensation Committee reviews base salaries annually. In evaluating
whether an adjustment to an executive's base salary is appropriate, the
Compensation Committee considers the pay levels at the survey companies and
Earthgrains' overall financial performance during the prior fiscal year
including such measures as:

  .  Earnings before interest expense and income taxes ("EBIT");

  .  Growth in earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation,
     amortization and minority interest expense ("EBITDA");

  .  Return on capital employed; and

  .  Appreciation in value of common shares.

  Special consideration may be given to performance measures that bear a close
relationship to an executive's particular duties, as well as to the complexity
of an individual's responsibilities and the executive's immediate supervisor's
evaluation as to how well those responsibilities were discharged. The
Compensation Committee, however, does not employ a precise formula in
adjusting base salaries and to this extent the determination involves some
degree of subjectivity. In accordance with the foregoing, the Compensation
Committee increased the base salaries of executive officers, including the
named executive officers, in the last fiscal year by an average of 4.4%.

ANNUAL INCENTIVE

  The Compensation Committee sets an annual incentive target bonus for each
executive (other than the CEO who is covered by a separate program discussed
below) based on the median annual bonus paid to executives performing
comparable positions at the survey companies. The Compensation Committee also
establishes target performance goals for each fiscal year. At the end of each
fiscal year, the Compensation Committee determines what percentage of the
target bonus each executive earned, based on the Compensation Committee's
assessment of actual performances of both Earthgrains and the executive
individually relative to the target performance goals.

  For the last fiscal year, bonuses for executive officers were determined on
the basis of Earthgrains' actual EBIT compared with a target EBIT goal
established by the Committee. Bonuses for executive officers assigned to
Earthgrains' domestic operations were determined in part on the basis of
meeting an adjusted EBIT goal for those operations for the first and fourth
quarters of fiscal year 2001. The Compensation Committee approved this one-
time adjustment to the annual incentive formula due to the impact of the 28-
day labor strike on financial results for the second and third quarters of the
fiscal year.

  For the last fiscal year, executive officers became eligible for annual
bonuses based on a percentage of their target annual bonuses. The bonuses were
then adjusted for all executive officers based on the Compensation Committee's
assessment of individual performance. This assessment was discretionary and
took into account a number of factors that varied from individual to
individual.

                                     B-14

EQUITY-BASED INCENTIVES

  Earthgrains continues to use stock options and restricted stock as a means
of retaining and motivating executives over the long term, and creating a
commonality of interest between executives and shareholders. To further align
the interests of shareholders and management, the Compensation Committee
maintains a policy not to reprice options. An executive's background,
position, responsibilities, and individual performance are relevant to the
Compensation Committee's decision whether to make an award to an executive, as
well as to the amount and composition of any such award. Because awards
involve the Compensation Committee's estimation of an individual executive's
potential to contribute to Earthgrains' long-term performance, the
Compensation Committee considers certain subjective factors in addition to
certain objective factors.

OTHER MID- TO LONG-TERM INCENTIVES

  At the 1997 Annual Meeting, stockholders approved Earthgrains' Exceptional
Performance Plan (the "EPP").

  The 1998 Cash Incentive Program (the "1998 Program") was the first multi-
year program under the EPP. The performance period for the 1998 Program was
scheduled to end on March 25, 2002. The performance goals were met or exceeded
earlier than the scheduled end date and bonuses were paid in fiscal year 2000.

  In 1999, the Compensation Committee established the 2000 Leadership
Excellence Achievement Program (the "2000 Program"). Approximately 290
employees of Earthgrains, including the named executive officers, are
designated participants of the 2000 Program. The overall performance period
for the 2000 Program will terminate on March 25, 2003.

  The performance goals for the 2000 Program are tied to a cash flow measure,
a return on capital measure, and an average annual revenue growth measure.

CEO COMPENSATION

  The factors used to evaluate Mr. Beracha's performance were the development
of sound strategic and operating plans and improvements in Earthgrains'
operating performance. Strategic acquisitions and successful integration of
new operations were also factors.

  Mr. Beracha's compensation was governed, in part, by his employment
agreement with Earthgrains. Mr. Beracha received a base salary of $675,000 for
the last fiscal year. Mr. Beracha's bonus for the last fiscal year was paid
pursuant to a qualitative formula contained in the 2001 CEO Cash Incentive
Program (the "2001 CEO Program"), established by the Compensation Committee
under the EPP in April 2000. The performance period for the 2001 CEO Program
was fiscal year 2001. Mr. Beracha's formula was tied to both Earthgrains' and
Mr. Beracha's performance using qualitative measures established and evaluated
by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Beracha's bonus for fiscal year 2001 was
$113,400.

EXECUTIVE STOCK OWNERSHIP

  The Compensation Committee believes that it is important for every executive
to have an ownership interest in Earthgrains that is significant relative to
the executive's base salary. Accordingly, Earthgrains adopted minimum stock
ownership guidelines for executive officers. Currently, all executives are in
compliance with such guidelines.

Section 162(m) Limitations

  Under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, a tax deduction by
corporate taxpayers, such as Earthgrains, is limited with respect to the
compensation of certain executive officers unless such compensation is based
upon performance objectives meeting certain regulatory criteria or is
otherwise excluded from the limitation. Based upon the Compensation
Committee's commitment to link compensation with performance as described in
this report, the Compensation Committee currently intends to qualify
compensation paid to Earthgrains' executive officers for deductibility by
Earthgrains under Section 162(m).

                                     B-15

                                                                      ANNEX B-1
                            THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY

                      AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE CHARTER

MISSION

  The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors shall assist the
Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with respect to accounting, internal
controls, and financial reporting.

  Specifically, the Committee is responsible for overseeing that:

  .  A system of internal controls is maintained throughout the Company which
     protects the assets of the Company on a reasonable and economic basis,
     provides for proper authorization and recording of transactions, and
     ensures financial information is reliable and accurate; and

  .  Financial statements fairly present in all material respects the
     financial condition and results of operations of the Company in
     accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

MEMBERSHIP

  The Board of Directors shall appoint the Committee members, including a
Chairperson, all of whom shall be Directors. In no event shall the Committee
consist of less than three members. The members of the Committee will meet the
independence and experience requirements of the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE).

NO CONFLICT

  No member may be an employee of the Company nor may he/she have any
relationship that could interfere with his exercise of independent judgment in
performing the functions of the Committee.

QUORUM

  A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for all
purposes and the act of a majority of the members present at any meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Committee. The Company's
General Counsel and Secretary shall record minutes of the meetings.

DUTIES

  The Committee will meet formally with representatives from its independent
public accountants responsible for the annual audit, the internal audit
function, and the Company's Chief Executive Officer, General Counsel and
Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. Its duties are to:

  1. Review and reassess the adequacy of this charter annually and recommend
     any proposed changes to the Board for approval. This should be done in
     compliance with applicable NYSE Audit Committee Requirements;

  2. Maintain authority and responsibility to select, evaluate, and, where
     appropriate, replace the independent accountants;

  3. Review the audit scopes and plans, and the associated fees, of the
     independent public accountants with management and the auditors;

  4. Discuss matters of concern to the Committee, which relate to the annual
     financial statements and results of the audit, with the independent
     accountants and management, including any significant changes in
     accounting principles or disclosure requirements;

  5. Review the effect of new or proposed auditing, accounting or reporting
     standards with management and the independent public accountants;

                                     B-1-1

  6. Review the reports of the independent public accountants relating to
     material control weaknesses and reportable conditions in the internal
     control structure;

  7. Review the scope and fees of non audit services provided by the
     independent public accountants, and consider the possible effect of the
     performance of those services on the independence of the independent
     public accountants;

  8. Review the costs, adequacy and competency of the internal audit
     function;

  9. Review the annual audit risk assessment and the proposed internal audit
     plans with management and the auditors;

  10. Review the coverage and results of the internal audits, including
      review of significant deficiencies in internal controls and/or
      management improprieties, together with management's response thereto;

  11. Review Company policies related to business ethics and review the
      results and adequacy of programs and procedures for determining
      compliance with such policies;

  12. Review information concerning environmental, legal, regulatory and
      other matters which may represent material financial exposure; and

  13. Consider any other matters related to the oversight responsibilities of
      the Audit Committee, as deemed advisable or necessary by Company
      management, the Board of Directors or the Committee.

                                     B-1-2

EX-2

dex2.txt

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

                                                                       Exhibit 2

                            The Earthgrains Company

                             [LOGO OF EARTHGRAINS]

                             8400 Maryland Avenue
                        St. Louis, Missouri 63105-3668

                                                                   July 3, 2001

Dear fellow stockholder:

  I am pleased to inform you that on June 29, 2001, The Earthgrains Company
entered into a Merger Agreement with Sara Lee Corporation and SLC Acquisition
Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sara Lee Corporation ("SLC Acquisition").
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, SLC Acquisition is today commencing a tender
offer (the "Offer") to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par
value $.01 per share, of Earthgrains (the "Shares") at a price of $40.25 per
Share. The $40.25 per Share being offered by Sara Lee Corporation represents
approximately a 54.8% premium to our closing stock price on June 29, 2001.

  The Merger Agreement provides that if the Offer is completed, SLC
Acquisition will merge with and into Earthgrains (the "Merger"). In the
Merger, each Share not acquired by SLC Acquisition in the Offer will be
converted into the right to receive the same consideration paid pursuant to
the Offer.

  Your Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and
determined that the Offer and the Merger are fair to, and in the best
interests of, the stockholders of the company. Accordingly, your Board of
Directors recommends that you accept the Offer and tender your Shares pursuant
to the Offer.

  In arriving at its recommendation, the Board of Directors gave careful
consideration to a number of factors which are described in the enclosed
Schedule 14D-9, which is being filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including, among other things, the opinion of UBS Warburg LLC to
the Board of Directors (the "Opinion") that, as of June 29, 2001 and subject
to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken set forth in the Opinion, the $40.25 in cash per Share to be
received by the stockholders of the Company in the Offer and the Merger was
fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. The full text of the
Opinion is attached to the enclosed Schedule 14D-9 and we urge you to read it
carefully and in its entirety.

  Additional information with respect to the transaction is contained in the
enclosed Schedule 14D-9, which we urge you to read carefully.

  Accompanying this letter, in addition to the Schedule 14D-9, is SLC
Acquisition's Offer to Purchase, dated July 3, 2001, and related materials,
including a Letter of Transmittal to be used for tendering your Shares. These
documents set forth the terms and conditions of the Offer and provide
instructions as to how to tender your Shares. On behalf of Earthgrains, I urge
you to read the enclosed material and consider this information carefully and
I would like to personally thank you for your time as a stockholder of
Earthgrains.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          /s/ Barry H. Beracha
                                          Barry H. Beracha
                                          Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

EX-3

dex3.txt

PRESS RELEASE

                                                                       Exhibit 3

                               [LOGO]EARTHGRAINS

                                   The Earthgrains Company
                                   8400 Maryland Avenue St. Louis, MO 63105-3668
                                   T 314 259 7000

For more information,
Investor contact - Molly Salky 314/259-7018
Media contact - Matt Hall 314/259-7223

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

EARTHGRAINS COMPANY ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT TO BE PURCHASED BY SARA LEE CORPORATION

     ST. LOUIS, July 2, 2001 - The Earthgrains Company (NYSE: EGR) today
announced that it has entered into a merger agreement under which Sara Lee
Corporation would buy Earthgrains for $40.25 per share of common stock and would
assume the company's debt.

     Under terms of the $2.8 billion acquisition, Earthgrains would merge with
Sara Lee's baking operations in an organization that would be headed by
Earthgrains Chairman and CEO Barry H. Beracha.  The new organization, to be
called the Sara Lee Bakery Group, would have annual revenue of approximately
$3.4 billion and would have headquarters in St. Louis.  Beracha would report to
Sara Lee Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer C. Steven McMillan.

     Earthgrains, the second-largest packaged bread and bakery manufacturer in
the United States, had revenue of $2.6 billion in fiscal 2001 and is projecting
revenue of $2.7 billion in fiscal 2002. The baking operations from Sara Lee
would add approximately $700 million in annual revenue.

     "The purchase by Sara Lee and the combination of our baking businesses
represents an outstanding value to the shareholders of both companies," Beracha
said.  "This is a strategic combination that brings the power of strong brands
in the fresh, refrigerated and frozen baking segments.  We will create a premier
bakery company through our new-product potential, extensive direct-store and
warehouse delivery systems, superior information technology systems, and ability
to continue making acquisitions.  This is overwhelmingly positive for
shareholders, employees, customers and consumers."

                                     (more)

Earthgrains/Add one

     Sara Lee will make a cash tender offer for all Earthgrains shares at $40.25
per share, to be followed by a merger in which remaining Earthgrains shares will
receive the same cash price per share.  The acquisition is subject to receipt of
a majority of the Earthgrains shares in the tender offer and subject to approval
of antitrust authorities.  The transaction is expected to be completed in 30 to
60 days.

     "Earthgrains and its Board of Directors gave careful consideration to this
proposal," Beracha said.  "We are confident that this acquisition generates
significant shareholder value for Earthgrains and Sara Lee."

     UBS Warburg LLC was retained as financial adviser to Earthgrains in the
transaction and provided a fairness opinion to the Earthgrains Board of
Directors.

     "As a leading player in the fresh bread and refrigerated dough categories,
Earthgrains is a highly strategic acquisition for our company," Sara Lee's
McMillan said.  "Earthgrains is a key element in the investment phase of Sara
Lee's reshaping program as it creates a strong growth platform for one of our
core businesses.  With the earnings guidance Earthgrains announced this morning,
we are even more excited about adding this strong performer to our business
portfolio."

     Earlier today, Earthgrains announced in a separate press release that it
expects to report first-quarter earnings results above the consensus of analyst
expectations.  Earthgrains, which will report earnings on July 10, 2001, expects
to report earnings per diluted share of approximately $0.34, compared with the
analyst consensus of $0.28 per diluted share and year-ago earnings of $0.27 per
diluted share.

     The maker of Earth Grains superpremium breads and bagels and IronKids
Special-Recipe Bread for children, Earthgrains has strong brand franchises in
the popular, premium and superpremium fresh product segments and has leading
brands in the fast-growing artisan bread segment in California.  Earthgrains is
the branded market-share leader in its marketing territory, which serves more
than 50 percent of the U.S. population in the South, Midwest, Southwest and
West.  Earthgrains serves grocery customers primarily through its direct-store
delivery system that puts route service representatives in the bread aisle at
least five times a week.  Earthgrains also is the only store-brand producer of
refrigerated dough in the United States and serves customers nationwide through
one of the best warehouse distribution systems in the food industry.  The
company also has leading bakery and refrigerated dough businesses in Europe.

                                     (more)

Earthgrains/Add two

     Sara Lee markets fresh breads and bagels, frozen bakery products and frozen
foods in the United States under the Sara Lee, A la francaise, Alfaro's, Chef
Pierre, International, and Mr. Pita brands.  The A la francaise and Alfaro's
brands compete in the artisan market in California and the West Coast.

     Earthgrains has 61 bakeries and two refrigerated dough plants in the United
States, and has 12 bakeries and four refrigerated dough plants in Western
Europe, primarily in Spain and France.

     Sara Lee has six bakery and frozen food plants in the United States.

     Strategic benefits of the combination include:

        .  Enhancing top-line growth potential, particularly in the superpremium
           fresh bakery segment. Sara Lee Bakery Group would serve 61 percent of
           the U.S. population with fresh bread and bakery products, with the
           potential to penetrate markets more effectively.

        .  Leveraging the strength and equity of the Sara Lee brand name with
           consumers, adding significantly to the existing Earth Grains and
           IronKids franchises.

        .  Positioning Sara Lee Bakery Group to continue making strategic
           acquisitions to take advantage of industry consolidation activity and
           Earthgrains' expertise at acquisition integration. Earthgrains has
           made 12 acquisitions in the past five years, including eight in the
           U.S. baking industry.

        .  Leveraging Earthgrains' industry-leading information technology
           capabilities. Earthgrains is a leader in the use of scan-based
           trading and category management with grocery retailers for bread and
           bakery sales and vendor managed inventory with customers for
           refrigerated dough products.

        .  Leveraging Earthgrains' leadership in baking and refrigerated dough
           in Europe and enabling additional growth.

Conference Call Webcast
- -----------------------

     Earthgrains Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Barry Beracha will join
Sara Lee Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer Steve McMillan
today in a conference call for securities analysts hosted by Sara Lee.  The
webcast will air live at 9:30 a.m. EDT and may be accessed at Sara Lee's
corporate Web site, www.saralee.com, or at Earthgrains' corporate Web site,
                    ---------------
www.earthgrains.com.  The call is expected to last 45 minutes.
- -------------------

                                     (more)

Earthgrains/Add three

     Replays of the conference call webcast will be available beginning two
hours after the call and will be archived for 10 business days.

Important Information for Shareholders
- --------------------------------------

          Earthgrains shareholders are advised to read the tender offer
statement regarding the acquisition referenced in this press release.  The
tender offer statement will be filed by Sara Lee Corporation with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and will be mailed to shareholders.
Earthgrains will file a related solicitation recommendation statement with the
SEC and will mail the statement to shareholders.

          Sara Lee's tender offer statement, including an offer to purchase, a
letter of transmittal, and related tender offer documents, and Earthgrains'
solicitation recommendation statement will contain important information that
should be read carefully before any decision is made regarding the offer.  These
documents will be available at no charge at the SEC's Web site at www.sec.gov
                                                                  -----------
and may also be obtained from Sara Lee by directing a request through the
investor relations section of the Sara Lee corporate Web site at www.saralee.com
                                                                 ---------------
or by mail to Sara Lee Corporation, 70 W. Madison Street, Chicago, IL, 60602,
Attn: Investor Relations.  The telephone number is (312) 558-4966.

About Earthgrains
- -----------------

     Earthgrains, which had sales of nearly $2.6 billion in fiscal 2001,
operates fresh-bakery and refrigerated-dough businesses in the United States and
Europe.

     Earthgrains is the second-largest producer of fresh packaged bread and
baked goods in the United States, operating 61 bakeries.  Major company-owned
brands include Earth Grains, IronKids, Grant's Farm, Colonial, Rainbo, San Luis
Sourdough, Heiner's, Master, Mother's, Old Home, and Break Cake.  Major
franchise brands include Sunbeam, Country Hearth, Roman Meal, D'Italiano,
Taystee, Holsum, Healthy Choice, Pillsbury, Mickey, and Sun*Maid.

     In Europe, Earthgrains is the market-share leader for fresh packaged sliced
bread, buns and packaged sweet goods in Spain and is one of the largest
producers of bread and buns in Portugal.  Earthgrains has 12 bakeries in Spain
(including the Canary Islands) and Portugal.  Major brands include Bimbo,
Silueta, Semilla de Oro, Martinez, and Ortiz.

                                     (more)

Earthgrains/Add four

     In the refrigerated-dough segment, Earthgrains is the only manufacturer of
store-brand canned refrigerated-dough products in the United States and is one
of the largest producers of store-brand toaster pastries.  The company has two
domestic refrigerated-dough plants and also markets products under its Merico
brand.  In Europe, Earthgrains is the largest refrigerated-dough producer in
France and the only producer of canned dough in Europe.  The company operates
four plants in France and markets canned and rolled refrigerated-dough products
under the CroustiPate brand in France and via customer brands throughout Western
Europe.

     More information about Earthgrains may be found on the company's corporate
Internet web site at www.earthgrains.com.

                                     # # #

     CAUTIONARY NOTE:  To provide the clearest possible description of
Earthgrains' business and outlook, this report contains forward-looking
statements based on Earthgrains' best current information and reasonable
assumptions about anticipated developments.  However, because of the risks and
uncertainties that always exist in any operating environment or business,
Earthgrains cannot make any assurances that these expectations will prove
correct.  Actual results and developments may differ materially, depending upon
prices of raw materials, fuel, commodities and other goods purchased; the
ability of the Company to realize projected savings from productivity and
product-quality improvements; the ability of the Company to continue to
participate in industry consolidation and to successfully integrate acquired
businesses; labor costs and labor relations; legal proceedings to which the
Company may become a party; competitive pricing; economic conditions in the
Company's countries of operations, including currency values and interest rates;
and other factors.

     Further information on factors that could affect Earthgrains' financial and
other results is included in the Company's filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

EX-9

dex9.txt

CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

                                                                       Exhibit 9

                     [LETTERHEAD OF SARA LEE CORPORATION]

                           Personal and Confidential
                           -------------------------

                                                   May 29, 2001

The Earthgrains Company
8400 Maryland Drive
St. Louis, Missouri 63105
Attn: Joseph M. Noelker
      Vice President, General Counsel and
      Corporate Secretary

                           Confidentiality Agreement
                           -------------------------

Dear Mr. Noelker:

     This agreement is in regard to discussions concerning possible negotiated
business arrangements in our mutual interest. In connection therewith we may
receive certain written or oral information concerning The Earthgrains Company
(the "Company") and its subsidiaries from officers, directors, employees, agents
or advisors of the Company. All such information furnished to us, our officers,
directors, employees, agents or representatives (collectively,
"Representatives") and all analyses, compilations, computer disks, forecasts,
studies or other documents prepared by us or our Representatives based on any
such information are hereinafter referred to as "Information." We recognize and
acknowledge the competitive value of the Information and the damage that could
result to the Company if any Information were used or disclosed other than as
authorized in this agreement. In addition, we recognize and acknowledge that the
Information will remain the property of the Company and that disclosure will not
confer on us or our Representatives any rights with respect to the Information.
In consideration of your entering into such discussions, we agree that:

     The Information will be used solely for the purpose of exploring possible
negotiated business arrangements between us and not for any other business or
competitive purpose. The Information will be kept confidential by us and,
without your prior written consent, neither we nor our Representatives will
disclose to any person the fact that the Information has been made available to
us or that discussions

                                                              [LOGO OF SARA LEE]

between the parties concerning possible business arrangements are taking place
(in each case, except as required by law and then only after compliance with
the next paragraph hereof).

     If we or any of our Representatives are required by law to disclose any of
the Information, or if we or any of our Representatives are required to
disclose the fact that the Information has been made available or that
discussions between the parties are taking place, we will notify you promptly so
that you may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy. If no such
protective order or other remedy is obtained, or if you waive compliance with
the applicable terms of this agreement, we will furnish only that portion of the
Information which we are advised by counsel is legally required to be disclosed
and will exercise all reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurances that
confidential treatment will be accorded the Information.

     If we do not proceed with any business arrangement, or upon your request,
(i) all Information furnished by you will be promptly returned to you and (ii)
all other Information and all other documents or data containing or reflecting
such Information will be destroyed with such destruction certified by an officer
in writing, in either case, without retaining a copy thereof (whatever the form
or storage medium); provided, that all Information will remain subject to the
terms of this agreement. We acknowledge that our obligation to keep confidential
the Information disclosed to us by the Company under the terms of this agreement
shall survive the expiration of the agreement. This obligation does not apply to
such portions of the Information which (i) are or become generally available to
the public (other than as a result of a disclosure by us or our
Representatives), (ii) are or become available to us on a nonconfidential basis
from a source other than you or one of your Representatives (provided that such
source is not, to our knowledge, bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or
other obligation of confidentiality to, the Company in respect to such
Information) or (iii) have been independently acquired or developed without
violating any of the obligations under this letter agreement.

     We agree that, for a period of two years after the date hereof, without
your prior written consent, we will not, and will cause each of our affiliates
(as such term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) not to,
singly or as part of a group, directly or indirectly; (i) acquire any equity
securities of the Company or any rights to acquire any such equity securities;
(ii) participate in any solicitation of

                                                              [LOGO OF SARA LEE]

proxies or become a participant in any election contest with respect to the
Company; (iii) form, join or in any way participate in a "group" (within the
meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) with respect
to any voting securities of the Company; (iv) otherwise act, alone or in concert
with others, to seek or offer to control or influence, in any manner, the
management, Board of Directors or policies of the Company, or (v) make any
public disclosure, or take any action which would require the Company to make
any disclosure, with respect to any of the matters set forth in this agreement.
We also agree that, for a period of two years after the date hereof, unless
specifically invited by you, we will not and will cause each of our affiliates
not to make any public announcement with respect to (i) any form of business
combination transaction involving the Company, (ii) any form of restructuring,
recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the Company, (iii) any
request to amend, waive or terminate the provisions of this letter agreement or
(iv) any proposal or other statement inconsistent with the terms of this letter
agreement.

     For a period of two years from the date hereof, we will not, without your
prior written consent, hire for employment, or seek to hire for employment, any
of your officers or any other person now employed by you or any of your
subsidiaries with whom we have direct contact as a result of these discussions.

     We acknowledge that, in the event of any breach of this agreement by us,
you may be irreparably and immediately harmed and may not be made whole by
monetary damages. It is accordingly agreed that, in addition to any other remedy
to which you may be entitled, you shall be entitled to an injunction to prevent
breaches of, and to compel specific performance of, this agreement.

     Any proceeding relating to this agreement shall be brought only in a
federal or state court of Delaware. Each of the parties hereto hereby consents
to personal jurisdiction in any such action and to service of process by mail,
and waives any objection to venue in any such court. This agreement shall be
governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware.

     This agreement contains the entire agreement between us concerning the
subject matter hereof and shall be binding on our respective successors and
assigns.

                                                              [LOGO OF SARA LEE]

No modification of this agreement or waiver of any provision hereof will be
binding unless approved in writing by each of us.

     This agreement will terminate two years after the date hereof.

     Please sign and return one copy of this letter which thereupon will
constitute a legally binding agreement with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

                                  Sincerely,

                                  SARA LEE CORPORATION

                                  By: /s/ Roderick A. Palmore
                                     --------------------------------
                                     Name:  Roderick A. Palmore
                                     Title: Senior Vice President, General
                                            Counsel and Secretary

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:

THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY

By: /s/ Joseph M. Noelker
   -------------------------
   Name:  Joseph M. Noelker
   Title: Vice President, General Counsel &
          Corporate Secretary

EX-10

dex10.txt

FIRST AMENDMENT TO RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                                                                      Exhibit 10

                             THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY
                             -----------------------
                       FIRST AMENDMENT TO RIGHTS AGREEMENT
                       -----------------------------------

     FIRST AMENDMENT TO RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of June 29, 2001
("Amendment"), to the Rights Agreement, dated as of February 22, 1996 (the
"Rights Agreement"), between The Earthgrains Company (the "Company") and
Boatmen's Trust Company, a trust company organized under the laws of the State
of Missouri (the "Rights Agent"). All capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Rights Agreement.

     WHEREAS, the Company believes it to be in the best interest of the Company
and its shareholders to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger
Agreement"), dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, Sara Lee
Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the "Purchaser"), and SLC Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser
("Merger Sub"), which Merger Agreement provides for, among other things, a
tender offer (the "Offer") by Merger Sub, for all of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company's common stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Common Stock")
(including the associated Common Stock purchase rights (the "Rights") to
purchase shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company
pursuant to the terms of the Rights Agreement).

     WHEREAS, as a result of the foregoing, the Company desires that the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, as well as Purchaser, Merger
Sub and any affiliates thereof be exempt from the provisions of the Rights
agreement;

     WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent have heretofore executed and
entered into the Rights Agreement;

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 26 of the Rights Agreement, the Company may
supplement or amend any provision of the Rights Agreement in accordance with the
provisions of Section 26 thereof; and

     WHEREAS, the Company has executed the Officer's Certificate, attached
hereto as Annex A, and has performed all other acts and things necessary to make
this Amendment a valid agreement, enforceable according to its terms, and the
execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Company and the Rights Agent
have been in all respects duly authorized by the Company and the Rights Agent.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements
set forth herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

     Section 1. Amendments to the Rights Agreement. Section 3(a) of the Rights
                ----------------------------------
Agreement is hereby amended to add the following paragraph at the end thereof:

     "Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) neither
Sosa, a Maryland corporation (the "Purchaser"), Gateway Acquisition Corporation,
a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser ("Merger
Sub") nor any of their respective Affiliates or Associates shall become an
Acquiring Person, either individually or collectively, (ii) no Distribution
Date, Stock Acquisition Date or Triggering Event shall occur, (iii) no Rights
shall separate from the shares of Common Stock or otherwise become exercisable,
(iv) no holder of Rights or any other Person shall have any legal or equitable
rights, remedy or claim under this Agreement, and (v) no adjustment shall be
made pursuant to Section 11 or 13, in each case solely by virtue of (A) the
announcement of the Offer (as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined
below)), (B) the acquisition of Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the
Offer, the Merger (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of June 29, 2001, among Purchaser, the Company and Merger
Sub (the "Merger Agreement"), (C) the execution and delivery of the Merger
Agreement or (D) the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or any of the other
transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement."

     Section 2. Definition. The term "Agreement," as used in the Rights
                ----------
Agreement, shall be deemed to refer to the Rights Agreement as amended hereby.

     Section 3. Full Force and Effect. Except as expressly amended hereby, the
                ---------------------
Rights Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the
provisions thereof on the date hereof.

     Section 4. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed
                -------------
in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts to
be made and performed entirely within such State.

     Section 5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in two
                ------------
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but both of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     Section 6. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of
                ------------
this Amendment is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority
to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Amendment, and of the Rights
Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be
effected.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Amendment to
be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

                             THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY

                             By: /s/ Barry H. Beracha
                                 ---------------------------
                                 Name:  Barry H. Beracha
                                 Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

                             BOATMEN'S TRUST COMPANY

                             By: /s/ Patricia Trevino
                                 ---------------------------
                                 Name:  Patricia Trevino
                                 Title: Vice President

                                                                         Annex A

                              OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE
                              ---------------------

     I, Joseph M. Noelker, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of The
Earthgrains Company, a Delaware corporation (the "Company") do hereby certify,
in accordance with Section 26 of the Rights Agreement, dated as of February 22,
1996 (the "Rights Agreement"), between the Company and Boatmen's Trust Company,
a trust company organized under the laws of the State of Missouri (the "Rights
Agent"), that as of the date hereof, the First Amendment to the Rights
Agreement, dated the date hereof, between the Company and the Rights Agent, is
in compliance with the terms of Section 26 of the Rights Agreement.

               IN WITNESS THEREOF, I have signed this certificate.

               Dated: June 29, 2001

                                       THE EARTHGRAINS COMPANY

                                       /s/ Joseph M. Noelker
                                       ------------------------------
                                       Name:  Joseph M. Noelker
                                       Title: Vice President, General Counsel
                                              and Secretary

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----